===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q1 2025 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question and answer session. You will then hear an automated message advising your hand is raised. To withdraw your question, please press 11 again. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Christian O'Donnell, Vice President of Relations. Please go ahead.
Christian O'Donnell: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings' first quarter 2025 Conference Call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Julia Wang, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com, we posted both our press release and Investor Relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures, both of which are discussed during today's call. Please see the use of adjusted measures section in our press release and investor relations presentation for more information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the estimated 2025 guidance and the related assumptions, the projected impact of various factors on the company's businesses, operating and financial results, cash flows, and/or financial condition, including global economic and market conditions, future business strategies, expected savings, benefits, and synergies from the launchpad initiative, and from acquisitions and other strategic transactions and partnerships, the completed holding company reorganization, and opportunities for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements is subject to change based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control. More information is included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in the company's other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now I'll turn the call over to Adam Schechter.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Christian. And good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today to discuss our first quarter 2025 financial results and progress towards advancing our strategic priorities. Performance in the first quarter was solid, with 5% revenue growth, or 6% on a constant currency basis across the enterprise. The performance was driven by 6% growth in our Diagnostics Laboratories business, where there was a strong rebound in volume in March after impact from weather in January and February. Our strong managed care access and our payer contracts continue to serve us well in the marketplace. Adjusting for Invitae and weather, the margin in the diagnostics business improved 50 basis points. Invitae continues to perform very well and remains on track to achieve 10% revenue growth and to be slightly accretive to earnings for the full year. Our biopharma laboratory services segment grew 3% excluding currency. Margin for BLS was strong, improving 80 basis points, and the quarter book to bill was also strong at 1.13, with a trailing twelve-month of 1.07. Adjusted earnings per share of $3.84 were up 4% year over year. It is certainly a very dynamic environment, and our team is closely evaluating the ongoing shifts in the macroeconomic and regulatory landscapes. We are pleased with the outcome of the court's decision and the challenge of the LVT rule. We believe it's in the best interest of bringing new innovative tests to patients as quickly as possible. We are also contingency planning for various tariff and regulatory scenarios. We have developed duplicative flexible supply chains, and we're in communications with our customers and suppliers. While we do anticipate some impact, our guidance range includes what we believe to be the most likely scenarios at this time. The essential nature of our work has enabled us to be successful through many different economic cycles over time. And we will continue to focus on serving the needs of our customers and driving growth, all while delivering value for shareholders as we advance our mission to improve health and to improve lives. Based upon our performance and outlook, we have reaffirmed our revenue and free cash flow guidance while increasing the midpoint of our EPS guidance by $0.05 per share, with implied growth at the midpoint of approximately 10% for the year. We also continue to expect margin expansion in each segment for the full year. Julia will provide more details on our results and the 2025 outlook in just a moment. We continue to execute well on our strategic priorities, of being a partner of choice for health systems and regional local laboratories, by launching new tests in important high-growth therapeutic areas, and by harnessing science, innovation, and advanced technology to bring valuable services and capabilities to our customers while improving operational efficiency. In the first quarter, Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings became the partner of choice for several health systems and regional local labs. These partnerships enable us to accelerate growth and to expand into important geographies and therapeutic areas. In January, we announced a strategic collaboration with New Jersey-based Inspira Health to manage the operations of the health systems hospital laboratories and to serve as the primary lab for the physician network. In March, we announced an agreement to acquire select assets of BioReference Health oncology and related clinical testing services. This transaction will extend our leadership in oncology. We also completed the acquisition of select assets of North Mississippi Health Services ambulatory outreach laboratory business, and we became a referral lab for its seven hospitals and clinical laboratories. Looking ahead, we have a strong business development pipeline, and we look forward to sharing additional growth opportunities with you in the coming quarters. We also continue to incorporate the power of science, innovation, and advanced technology across the organization. We're focused on bringing new tests into four strategic areas: oncology, women's health, autoimmune disease, and neurology. These areas have significant unmet needs for patients and are expected to grow up to three times faster than other therapeutic areas, and they are proving to do so. Having the latest innovative tests in these areas enables us to successfully capture more volume across testing for those patients. For example, in the quarter, we introduced Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Plasma Complete, a groundbreaking liquid biopsy test to aid in personalized cancer treatment decisions. This advancement significantly expands Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings' extensive oncology portfolio. We made significant strides bringing Invitae's genetic testing solutions to our customers by launching patient affordability and access tools and by introducing two additional genetic risk panel tests. Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings on demand launched several new consumer-initiated tests, including electrolytes, GGT, hepatitis A, and total testosterone for women. Subsequent to the quarter, we introduced HPV and STI self-collection options in Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings patient service centers and physician offices. These solutions help overcome barriers to essential health screening by providing convenient, private testing options. And in April, we launched our p-tau beta-amyloid ratio test, a powerful new blood-based biomarker test to aid in the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease. This first-of-its-kind immunoassay further expands our leading portfolio for Alzheimer's disease and dementia. Launching tests in these important areas will enable us to outpace the growth in the overall market over time. We're also using AI and technology to enhance our customer experience and to bring forward new operational efficiencies to improve our margins. For example, earlier this month, Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings received a modern healthcare 2025 innovators award for Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings diagnostic assistant, a digital solution integrated into electronic health records that supports providers with real-time access to comprehensive laboratory data insights and self-service capabilities. This award recognizes us as a leader in driving innovation that improves care and achieves measurable results. We also launched eClaim Assist, a next-generation digital platform that introduces smarter workflows to improve efficiencies in billing, payer alignment, and denials. We will continue to find operational efficiencies through technology in all aspects of our business. Lastly, we released the Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings corporate responsibility report, which highlights our significant progress in key areas such as reduced water withdrawal and improved fuel efficiency. We invite you to review the report on our Investor Relations website. In summary, our business continues to perform well, and we are making strong progress against our strategy. We believe that Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings will continue to be successful and will lead the way with our relentless focus on science, innovation, and advanced technology. We remain committed to providing value to our customers and our shareholders alike. With that, I'll turn the call over to Julia.
Julia Wang: Thank you, Adam. Let me start with a review of our Q1 financials. Revenue for the quarter was $3.3 billion, an increase of 5.3% compared to last year, driven by organic growth of 2.1% and the impact from net acquisitions of 3.7%, partially offset by foreign currency translation of 0.5%. Operating income for the quarter was $320 million or 9.7% of revenue, which is 14% on an adjusted basis. During the quarter, we had $73 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily related to acquisitions and launch pad savings. Excluding these items and the amortization of $17 million, adjusted operating income in the quarter was $469 million or 14% of revenue, compared to $463 million or 14.3% of revenue last year. The increase in adjusted operating income was primarily due to demand and the LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel costs. The 20 basis point decline in adjusted operating margin included headwinds from inventory and weather, excluding which enterprise margins would have been up 60 basis points. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 22.5%, compared to 23% last year. We continue to expect our adjusted tax rate for full year 2025 to be approximately 23%. Net earnings for the quarter were $213 million or $2.62 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS was $3.84 in the quarter, up 4% from last year. Operating cash flow was $19 million in the quarter, compared to a use of $13 million a year ago. The increase in cash flow was primarily due to the timing of working capital. Capital expenditures totaled $120 million in the quarter. For the full year, we continue to expect the capital expenditure to be approximately 3.8% of revenue. Free cash flow for the quarter was a use of $108 million, compared to a use of $104 million last year. The first quarter is typically the company's lowest quarter for free cash flow. We continue to expect the free cash flow for the full year to be $1.1 billion to $1.25 billion. During the quarter, the company invested $211 million in acquisitions and partnerships and paid out $62 million in dividends. At quarter end, we had $369 million in cash, while total debt was $5.6 billion. Our debt leverage as of quarter end was 2.5 times gross debt to trailing twelve-month adjusted EBITDA, at the low end of our targeted leverage of 2.5 times to 3 times. Now I will review our segment performance beginning with diagnostics laboratory. Revenue for the quarter was $2.6 billion, an increase of 6% compared to last year, with organic growth of 1.6% and net acquisitions of 4.7%, partially offset by foreign currency translation of 0.3%. Organic growth was impacted by approximately 90 basis points from weather and one fewer revenue day, which is timing related within the year. Total volume increased to 3%, compared to last year, as organic volume contributed 0.9%, while acquisitions net of divestitures contributed 2.1%. Organic volume also includes the negative impact from weather and one fewer revenue day. Price mix increased 3% versus last year due to organic growth of 0.7% and acquisitions net of divestitures of 2.6%, partially offset by foreign currency translation of 0.3%. Organic price mix was up due to mix, as we benefited from an increase in test per accession and lab management agreement. Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $428 million or 16.3% of revenue, compared to $418 million or 16.9% of revenue last year. Adjusted operating margin was down 60 basis points due to Invitae and weather. Excluding these items, adjusted operating margin would have been up approximately 50 basis points as the benefit of organic demand and the LaunchPad savings was partially offset by higher personnel costs. Invitae remains on track to be slightly accretive for full year 2025. Now I will review the segment performance of biopharma laboratory services or BLS. Revenue for the quarter was $721 million, an increase of 1.5% compared to last year, due to an increase in organic revenue of 2.6%, partially offset by foreign currency translation of 1.1%. Excluding currency, early development revenue growth was approximately 5%, while centralized revenue growth was approximately 2%. As expected, the central lab's growth rate was low in Q1 2025, as we had a large amount of COVID vaccine and therapeutic revenue in Q1 of 2024. Our segment quarterly book to bill was strong at 1.13, bringing the trailing twelve-month book to bill to 1.07. CLI adjusted operating income for the quarter was $107 million, or 14.8% of revenue, compared to $100 million or 14.1% of revenue last year. Adjusted operating income and margin increased due to organic demand and the LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel costs. We ended the quarter with a backlog of $8.2 billion, and we expect approximately $2.6 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next twelve months. Now I will discuss our updated 2025 full-year guidance, which assumes foreign exchange rates effective as of 03/31/2025 for the remainder of the year. The enterprise guidance also includes the impact from currently anticipated capital allocation utilizing free cash flow for acquisition, share repurchases, and dividends. We are operating in a dynamic macro environment, and there are a series of regulatory developments that we continue to monitor closely. Our guidance has taken into account various scenarios of the ever-changing tariff and the regulatory landscape. Based on what we believe to be the most likely scenarios at this time, and the resilience of our businesses, we are reaffirming our enterprise revenue and free cash flow guidance while raising the midpoint of adjusted EPS. Enterprise revenue growth guidance remains 6.7% to 8%, compared to 2024. Diagnostics continues to perform well. Consistent with prior guidance, we expect the Diagnostics revenue to be up 6.5% to 7.7%, compared to 2024. We still expect BLS revenue to grow 3% to 5% compared to 2024. This includes the negative impact of 30 basis points from foreign currency. Prior guidance included a negative impact of 140 basis points. We continue to expect enterprise margins to be up, with margins improving in both diagnostic and the BLS in 2025 versus 2024, driven by top-line growth and the LaunchPad savings. Our guidance range for adjusted EPS is $15.70 to $16.40, with an implied growth rate at the midpoint of 10%. As compared to prior guidance, we have narrowed the range and raised the midpoint by $0.05. Our free cash flow guidance range is $1.1 billion to $1.25 billion, unchanged from prior guidance. And due to normal seasonality, we expect it to be weighted towards the second half of the year. In summary, we had a solid first quarter with a dynamic macro environment. We expect to drive continued profitable growth and strong free cash flow generation that will be used for acquisitions that support our strategy and supplement our organic growth, while also returning capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program and dividends. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Michael Cherny of Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Michael Cherny: Good morning, Adam. Thank you so much for taking the question. Maybe I'll just have one here, and it ties to the BLS segment on both Central Lab and early development. Obviously, there's a lot of noise and volatility tied to the changing administration, tied to changes of the FDA. As you progress through the quarter and as you think about what's embedded in your guidance now, how much variability versus what you'd expect to be normalized demand is incorporated there? And are you seeing any feedback on either central lab or early development, any pushback relative to awards, to starts, based on the uncertainty that's clearly been created by the current administration?
Adam Schechter: Yeah. No. Thank you for the question, Michael. And what I start off with, if you look at the BLS business, we had about 3% growth overall. And it was about 2% in CLS and about 5% in early development. And what we saw was continued strength in the book to bill. The book to bill actually was a 1.13 for the quarter, and the trailing twelve-month increased to 1.07. So we feel good about where we are right now. When you look at the range that we gave for the revenue, we gave 3% to 5%, with a midpoint of 4%. You could have said, well, with exchange, why did you not increase the range? The reason we didn't increase the range is because there are some unknowns in the landscape to which you acknowledge and brought up. So we wanted to give ourselves room within the range. If foreign exchange stayed right where it is today, and we didn't see any additional impact from some of the things in the macro environment, we could end up at the high end of the range, the highest end. If we see some of these other things, like the delay in study starts, due to getting regulatory information in a timely way, well, then that could bring us more towards the midpoint of the range or maybe below the midpoint of the range. So we feel like with the range that we gave, it takes into account the various different things that could occur within the landscape, with the midpoint being what we think is most likely. So I really believe that we have room within the range for things that could occur. As we sit here today, we have not seen study delays. We have not seen studies that have not progressed. We saw one larger cancellation for a COVID trial in our book to bill. But you can see from our strength of our book to bill, we more than overcame that one trial. But other than that, it seems to be, you know, steady as we go at the moment. But we'll continue to monitor it. It is a very fast-moving environment, but I feel good about where we are and what the range is. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ann Hynes of Mizuho. Your line is open.
Ann Hynes: Good morning, Adam. Hi, good morning. So, yeah, I think you were saying that you have tariffs now embedded in guidance, which I don't believe was in original guidance. Can you let us know how much tariffs now are embedded in guidance? And I'm assuming that implies the underlying operations are doing better than your initial expectations.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thanks, Ann. So as I think about the tariffs, first, I'd say we are well-positioned. We expect to continue to deliver on the commitments that we put forward. First and foremost, we built duplicative and flexible supply chains that I think really helps and improves our resiliency. There will be some impact from the tariffs, but our guidance range includes what we think are the most likely scenarios. But just to give you some context, Ann, so the vast majority of our vendor spend is from US companies, where we're not the importer of record. If you look at our contractual arrangements with pricing, it represents more than 80% of our spend. Many of these deals are multiyear contracts. So, you know, some of them come up every year for renewal. We're gonna work on our supplier community. We're gonna negotiate hard. And accordingly, you look at, like, items that we buy directly from countries like China, they're mostly, like, plastics, consumables, supplies, stuff like that, but it's minimal today. And we are looking to shift to more favorable countries as best we can, and I think we have a pretty good path forward for that. If you look at biopharma and you look at central labs in particular, there is some impact from kits moving in and out of the United States. But a lot of that's transportation, and a lot of those costs can be typically put through pass-throughs, which is gonna help us manage it. So, you know, as I look at the range of different possibilities within what we think are most likely scenarios, through continued expense focus, continued focus on our operations, we think we'll be able to offset the impacts from the tariffs. And that's why we felt comfortable with the guidance that we gave for revenue of 6.7% to 8% with a midpoint of 7.5% and holding to that. We feel comfortable and actually raise the bottom end of our adjusted EPS based upon that strength.
Ann Hynes: Great. Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Erin Wright of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Erin Wright: Could you break down a little bit in terms of your expectations on underlying organic growth across the Diagnostics business for the balance of the year? How much is from acquisitions versus organic? And has anything changed in terms of your expectations there in terms of underlying utilization trends? And I could also ask more of a housekeeping one, but how did that weather impact of Tencent you previously alluded to actually shake out relative to your expectations? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Yeah. No. Thanks, Erin. So in general, we still expect about half to come from organic and inorganic. If you look at the first quarter, organic growth was 1.6%. But if you just adjust it for weather and the revenue day, it would have been 3.5%. And, therefore, I think it would be more of what you would expect typically. I don't know, Julia, if you wanna provide some additional context there.
Julia Wang: Absolutely. Good morning, Erin. So we were pleased with our results for the diagnostic business in the first quarter. As you've seen in our release, we grew revenue about 6% in the quarter versus a year ago, which was supported by strong volume growth of 3% and favorable price mix impact of 3%. As Adam just shared, if you were to neutralize the unfavorable impact of additional weather as well as the one less revenue day, the organic revenue in the quarter would have grown about 3.5%, which was in line with our historical trend as well as our expectation going forward for 2025. If you just anchor ourselves against the organic revenue growth reported in the quarter, of 1.6%. Organic volume was 0.9% of our growth. Once again, that was impacted by one less revenue day and weather. The organic price mix was up 0.7%, primarily due to higher test per session and increased lab management agreements. If you neutralize the impact of weather as well as the one less revenue day, the volume to price mix the growth contribution would be approximately three to one ratio once again in line with our historical trend. Now looking forward, we are pleased about the trajectory of the Invitae integration. As Adam shared in the prepared remarks, we continue to expect that business to be slightly accretive in earnings for full year 2025. And we have reaffirmed the revenue guidance for the full year for diagnostics to be between 6.5% to 7.7%. And we look forward to expanding the margin for the business as well versus 2024, which will contribute to our expectation that we will look to expand the enterprise margin for 2025 versus 2024 as well.
Erin Wright: Great. And if I could ask follow-up on the policy front and regulatory front, we obviously got the LDT favorable rule there. But on PAMA and versus PAMA reform, what are your latest thoughts in terms of timing and magnitude? Obviously, this is degrees of positive from the original PAMA methodology, but how big of a difference will that be?
Adam Schechter: Yeah. So first of all, we were very pleased with the court ruling regarding LDTs. As I said before, it wasn't a significant impact to us in terms of revenue nor expense because we were doing a lot of the work by submitting to New York State already. But I felt that it would really impact innovation in getting tests to patients as quickly as possible. So I think that we ended up in a good place there, and I think it enabled us to meet patients' needs in the marketplace. As I look at PAMA, I mean, you know, for the last five years, we've been trying to get legislation in place that makes more sense than the current legislation. We have support from Republicans and Democrats, and we've had that for five years now. But, unfortunately, we haven't gotten legislation through, which has led to each year a delay. We'll work with our trade group, ACLA, to continue to see if there's better legislation that can be passed. We'll continue to work hard to see if that can be done. At the same time, we'll try to find ways to look for additional delays. But I continue to put in our base case that each year, the next year, PAMA will come. So I assume in January of next year, there'll be an impact from PAMA. That impact could be around $100 million for the full year. And we'll build a plan that, you know, makes us successful despite that. If you look at our three-year guidance that we provided a bit ago, that included an impact from PAMA. So we have always anticipated that in our base case that it would be coming and planning around that. So continue to do so, but we'll do everything in our means to get better legislation passed or to get another delay.
Erin Wright: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Good morning, Adam. Thanks so much for the question. I noticed you guys mentioned a couple of times higher personnel costs in the quarter, and I just wanted to clarify, is that something that you're sort of seeing overall? Or was that specifically a function of the revenue sort of day and cost day impact in quarter? And any one-timers just to point out on the 2Q that you would call out right now. Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Yeah. No. Thanks, Elizabeth. So when we talk about higher personnel costs, it's just the inflation of personnel costs. When personnel, which we expect every year to be 3% to 3.5%. And we work hard with our LaunchPad initiative to offset that. So nothing other than what would be typical in the normal range of higher personnel costs due to inflation.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. That's super helpful. And any one-time items you call out so far, particularly impacting the 2Q outlook? Or so far, that seems on track. Okay. Perfect. Alright. Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Nothing to call out. Great. Thanks.
Julia Wang: Thank you. And our diagnostic volume continues to perform well into April, which continues the strength of what we saw in March. So we are very encouraged by that.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Lisa Gill of JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: Good morning, Adam and Julia. Thanks for taking my question. Adam, I just wanna go back to your earlier comments when we think about potential changes on the FDA side. You know, there's been some talk on the early development side of the business around animal testing. Can you maybe just remind us in early development, how much of the business is today with animal testing? And if that were to change, what the potential impact would be?
Adam Schechter: Yeah. So I'll start with some context, Lisa, and then I'll provide some additional information. So, you know, as we look at non-animal testing, we've always said that as soon as the market can move to that, we'll be very supportive. In fact, we have about 90 PhDs or MDs that are working all day every day to try to find non-animal models to move forward with. As we think about that, that will become a bigger business over time, and we wanna be part of that business over time. Of course, we'll continue to work with regulators, and we're committed to complying with all regulatory compliance guidelines in the research that we conduct. There's currently no full replacement for animal models in research and development that we're aware of. But we're gonna continue to work to find ways to do that. So there's no doubt that any new guidance would have to be implemented over time, of which we'll collaborate and work with the folks over time. When you look specifically about the animal testing that they were looking at, that's roughly 10% to 15% of our total revenue, so it's not a significant impact. And I think for other parts to move to non-animal models, it's just gonna take a lot longer. So I would summarize it to say we don't expect any significant impact this year. We're gonna work on non-animal models with regulators. As soon as they're ready, we're ready. We wanna be part of that business into the future. And if monoclonal antibodies were the first place to move, then it would not be that big of an impact on our total business.
Lisa Gill: So just so I understand it, so it'd be 10% to 15% of the operating profit of BLS. And so if I think about it for the total enterprise, it would be single-digit. Right? Is that the way to think about it?
Adam Schechter: Well, so that's a revenue and operating profit. Possibly less than that. And then it'll be very small, very, very small in terms of the total revenue for the company.
Lisa Gill: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Adam Schechter: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jack Meehan of Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Good morning, Adam. Hope you're doing well. I wanted to follow up on your comments around Invitae traction toward getting to accretive or slightly accretive for the year. In the quarter, I think the math you laid out implied between Invitae and weather, it was about a $30 million EBIT impact to the DX segment. I was wondering, could we tie it in around $20 million? And then maybe just talk about, like, how do you get that to be a positive number later in the year?
Adam Schechter: Yeah. So I think it's such that, but I'll have Julia talk about that specifically. I just wanna give some context to Invitae. The integration is going very well. In fact, I'd argue it's going better than what I had even anticipated. And we continue to make a lot of progress. As we think about the full year, we still expect the revenue growth is gonna be over 10%. And we've said that we believe women's health, autoimmune disease, oncology, and neurology represent opportunities to have outpaced growth versus the overall diagnostic market. We believe that this is a piece of that, and this is another proof point to show that when you're in women's health, or in oncology, you can get faster growth. So I feel very good about the revenue. I feel very good about the integration. We remain on track to have Invitae accretive for the full year. And when you look at the way in which we've gone after the expenses, we've been very methodical. We've taken the best of the best approach. We take the best science, the best customer interactions from either Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings or Invitae, and then we apply it across the organization. So it's taken us a little bit longer to get the cost out than we typically would see. But it's going very well, and that's why I'm confident to reiterate that we believe it will be accretive for the full year.
Julia Wang: Yeah. The only additional color I would add is as it relates to the Invitae impact in the quarter, so what we shared was if you look at our enterprise AOI in the quarter, you saw a 20 basis point decline versus a year ago, and the major drivers were a combination of Invitae and weather. When you exclude those two items, the enterprise margins would have been up about 60 basis points. Now, as Adam reiterated earlier, our expectations as we progress throughout 2025, you'll start to see Invitae shifting from a loss to a positive, particularly in the second half. So much that for the full year, we expect Invitae to be slightly accretive. That's the impact of Invitae.
Jack Meehan: Okay. Thank you. Then maybe as a follow-up, just on lab M&A, how do you how would you characterize the environment right now? And you have leverage at two and a half times. You're integrating a lot of deals you've done over the last year. Just how should we expect kind of the pace of activity throughout the rest of the year? Thank you.
Adam Schechter: So I would say the pipeline remains very strong. And I would say with some tariff implications to hospital systems as well as some of the other things they could be facing in the macroeconomic landscape, we're actually seeing more outreach to us to actually have discussions. As you recall, some of these discussions take a very long time. Some of them go in a shorter time than others. But over time, the pipeline looks really good. And, you know, I would expect we'll have more to share with you as we go through each quarter this year.
Jack Meehan: Yeah. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Luke Sergott of Barclays. Your line is open.
Luke Sergott: Morning, Adam. Thank you. Just wanted to dig in a little bit on the diagnostic operating margin expansion you just kind of laid out there from Invitae. But I was hoping you can dig in there a little bit on kind of the puts and takes or bucket out the individual components for what's driving that OMX for the year. So you talked a little bit on Invitae, but if you could talk about, like, how the recent M&A contributes, maybe some of the tariffs or tariff offsets, you know, the core improvements from the e-claims, your pricing mix, just kind of the underlying assumptions on, based on that OMX assumption.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I'll start with, you know, if you look at the operating margin for diagnostics, it was down 60 basis points. That was due to Invitae and weather. If you adjust for that, it would have been up 50 basis points. We still expect margins to actually be up this year versus last year when you look across the year. So that tells you we see strength in the diagnostic business margins as we go through the year. A lot of that is the overlap of Invitae. Once we overlap that and it becomes accretive, it actually helps us with the margins overall. The second thing is we continue to focus on our LaunchPad initiatives where we take out between $100 to $125 million, and a lot of that still comes out of the diagnostic business. So we continue to see benefit there. And we're continuing to see some benefit from mix in terms of esoteric testing as well. All those things give us, you know, reason that we expect the margins to increase and get better as we go through the year.
Luke Sergott: Great. And then just a follow-up here and go back to the BLS booking strength. You know, there's the overhang or the thought, you know, from pharma tariffs coming on that could initiate another round of restructurings. You know? Just interested what you guys are hearing from your various customer bases across biotech, large pharma, how they're thinking about the tariff and if there's you think that there's more pipeline rationalization or R&D cuts, you know, that are still, you know, that could be on the come.
Adam Schechter: So as I look at that, I look at our central laboratory business first. And I look at our central laboratory. Most of that is phase two, phase three trials. And I think that's the last place pharma would ever go to reduce cost because the phase two, phase three is the future growth, the future pipeline. So I feel good about the pipeline as I look at the CLS and I look at the book to bill. We continue to have good RFPs in early development. Our win rate continues to do well, and the book to bill continues to look good. But that's an area we'll have to continue to watch closely because I think that could be impacted more by some of the things that you mentioned over time. But we have and we continue to work towards getting a larger mix of business in early development from mid to larger-sized pharma. And I think as we shift that mix, it'll serve us well over time as well.
Luke Sergott: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo of UBS. Your line is open.
Kevin Caliendo: Morning, Adam. Good morning, Julia. Thanks for taking my question. I want to talk a little bit about the margin and diagnostics again just a little bit further. I know you've touched on it a bit here. If we think about the first quarter, 60 basis points net of being better, 60 basis points net of Invitae, net of weather. Is the weather number a net number or just the number for the quarter? Presumably, there was weather in 1Q 2024 as well. Right?
Adam Schechter: It's a net number, Kevin. Yes.
Kevin Caliendo: Fantastic. That's super helpful. So then if I think about what's going on and the fact that March the strength in March goes into April, as Julia mentioned, and we think about the improvement in margin year over year for 2Q because I don't think there was any weather comp or anything else in 2Q. Should we be thinking about a year-over-year margin improvement within Invitae getting a little bit better that maybe you could see, you know, is that 60 basis points sort of the baseline on a year-over-year basis that we'd be thinking about for 2Q? And that like a progression over the year? Is that how we should think about it? Net net?
Julia Wang: Yes. So thank you for the question. We don't guide to the quarter. But directionally, your thought process is reasonable. Typically, you see Q2 being a strong quarter, definitely from a top-line standpoint. And then to your point, as we continue to make progress towards shifting the Invitae to be accretive, obviously, that would help the overall margin for the diagnostic business in particular. So your thought process once again is reasonable.
Kevin Caliendo: Fantastic. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Ryskin of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Michael Ryskin: Good morning, Adam. Thanks for the question. Just want to go back to your BLS comments earlier a little bit. The reduction in FX headwind, but you're absorbing that given some of the macro uncertainty. Think that certainly makes sense. But just you haven't seen anything yet, obviously. You know, you talked about the strong book to bill in the first quarter. It doesn't seem outside of that COVID contract that you called out that you've seen any weakness. Sort of how did you approach that reset in guide? Is it anything that's come up in conversations with customers? And I guess, sort of what are you monitoring as you go through the year to assess the health of that end market? Is it the evolution of tariffs? Is it something on the policy front? Is it biotech funding? Just sort of walk us through what you see as the leading indicators there.
Adam Schechter: Yeah. No, thanks for the question. And I want to provide some context to the BLS business, and in particular, with the central laboratory business. So we had expected that the first quarter would be the lowest growth rate when we compared to the remainder of the year. And the reason that was is because we saw strength in the first quarter of last year. If you go back to the first quarter of 2023, we saw some real strength. Within that strength was about $18 million of COVID vaccine and therapeutic revenue. That was about the same, frankly, as the first quarter of 2023. So first quarter of 2024, about the same as first quarter of 2023. 2025, we had virtually zero COVID-related work. So it's not a big delta when you compare that to the broader CLS business. But it gives you a sense of the underlying growth rate and impact. So as I look at the BLS business, the first quarter, we expect it to be the toughest compared to last year. As I look at the rest of the year, we continue to expect to have business to grow better, and that's why we feel confident in the 3% to 5% guidance range. The reason we didn't raise that range based upon current Forex is for multiple reasons that we can see pushes and pulls. What I'm looking for is do the trial start on time that we expect the trial to start? They have up until now. But we've heard some noise about how fast people are getting regulatory input to some of their trials. And we wanna make sure that the trials start on time, that they get the input that they need in order to start those trials in time. So we're gonna watch that very carefully. We'll watch the impact of tariffs. And do people change where they're running some of these trials in different parts of the world, and do we have to make some adjustments? So we'll watch that as well. Then we'll continue to watch our early development business where up until now, the signs are strong, but we're gonna watch that for biotech funding and so forth. So the reason we didn't change the range is because I believe that if Forex stayed where it was today and everything continued to go well, we'd be at the highest end of that range. If things get a little bumpy in terms of timing of trial starts, I think it's gonna impact whether the trials go on or not, but it could impact the timing. Then it could bring you back more towards the midpoint. Foreign exchange could change. We've seen it be very dynamic in the marketplace. So we didn't wanna make a change based upon Forex that we've seen kind of bumping up and down so fast in the marketplace. So for all those reasons, we felt confident to confirm the 3% to 5% guidance range with the 4% midpoint.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. That's really helpful. Appreciate that color. Just a quick follow-up on that. Any change in your expectations on pricing? Or have you had any early conversations on maybe customers being a little bit more price sensitive?
Adam Schechter: You know what? The customers are always gonna be price sensitive. I think with some of the issues that everybody is facing, we're all more price sensitive than we are today. We're being harder on our suppliers than we typically can, and I would expect that our customers will be hard on us as well. But with all that said, as we sit here today, most of our business is a backlog-driven business with studies already under contract and so forth. I feel pretty good about where we are as we go through this year. And then we'll continue to look for ways to reduce costs and to offset any pressure that we face. And that's why I feel confident not only in the guidance that we've provided, but the fact that we expect that margins will improve this year in both the biopharma laboratory business and diagnostic business versus last year because we'll continue to find ways to offset any of those pricing headwinds with additional cost reductions and other things.
Michael Ryskin: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly of Citi. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey, Adam. How are you? Thanks for taking the question. Maybe one, I know you just talked about BLS pricing a little bit. On the lab side, can you talk about the conversations there? I know pricing has been a little bit more firm on your guys' side. Do the tariffs change anything? Are you guys having different pricing conversations, looking to pass anything on? Just curious what those conversations have looked like recently.
Adam Schechter: Yeah. So, you know, a lot of our business is contracted, but every year, there's new contracts that open up. Most of the contracts are multiyear contracts in the diagnostic business. But even the ones that are opening up, we're still having very good constructive dialogue. Price has been relatively flat for us. What we're looking for is to improve our volume, which we've seen organic volume growth, and we're gonna continue to focus on that volume growth. But I would say we have very good payer access. We have very good managed care access. We have very constructive dialogues with the payers. So as I sit here today, I feel very good about where we are and the discussions that we're having and the strength of the business overall.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on Mike's question there on the pacing of BLS. I know Central Lab, you know, basically a backlog business as you look at this year. So in terms of your answer, sounds like it's just a matter of when these trials take off, they're all in the backlog, do some of them slip or not, is going to be the delta in terms of the guidance range. Is that the right way to think about it?
Adam Schechter: Yeah, that's a big part of what we're watching. Like I said, there was one trial that was canceled. It was a COVID-related trial. But that's in our book to bill, and you can see the strength of our book to bill. Would have been even stronger if that didn't get delayed. So I think COVID trials, we've seen a little bit different than other trials, to be frank, but we don't have many of those in our book to bill any longer. It's all non-COVID-related work. So the question to me is more of a timing issue. Do the sponsors get the information they need from the regulatory agencies in order to feel comfortable that their protocols will suffice in order to get approval of the product? It's not whether they'll get the comments. It's how quickly and will it be on time. At this point, we've not seen any issues. But it's something we'll watch.
Patrick Donnelly: Understood. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Eric Coldwell of Baird. Your line is open.
Eric Coldwell: Good morning, Adam. Thanks. Good morning. Just a couple of clarifications or add-ons here to other Q&A that's happened. On the central lab COVID comp, in Q1, are there additional COVID comps throughout 2025 that we should be aware of?
Adam Schechter: Yeah. No. That's a great question, Eric. And I wanna start off, Eric, by saying that, you know, when I think about the COVID vaccine-related work, in general, it's not a big number. It's about $18 million. We did $18 million last year. We did $18 million the first quarter of the year before. This year, we did virtually zero. So it's just in the context of the growth rate we thought was good to point that out. But in terms of $18 million and a base of 500 and some odd millions, it's not a huge number. As I look at the rest of this year, if I assume I have zero for the rest of this year, I had about $18 million for the whole rest of last year. So it was $18 million in the first quarter last year. And then the next three quarters was $18 million. So you figure for the rest of this year, it's zero versus $18 million spread out over three quarters last year, just to give you that context.
Eric Coldwell: Perfect. That's helpful. And then I know you've mentioned a few times the COVID cancel and central lab, and you've talked about the book to bill would have actually been better absent that, of course. Would you care to quantify that cancellation?
Adam Schechter: So we don't typically give numbers. What I would say, yeah, it was, I mean, it was larger. It was slightly larger than about $100 million. So just give you a round number of where it was about.
Eric Coldwell: So a very strong book to bill excluding that. Yes. Yeah. Okay. And then last one, thank you for all this. You've done a lot of discussion on tariffs and how you're planning to offset and absorb them, which is, you know, very encouraging. I am curious if you'd be willing to give us a ballpark gross estimate of what kind of headwind you need to absorb? Is it, you know, is it a 1% enterprise revenue kind of impact, 2%, something less than that? I'm just trying to get a sense of how much you actually think you need to absorb at this point.
Adam Schechter: Yeah. So, Eric, I don't wanna give a specific number because we have a whole range of scenarios, to be honest with you. And what I've done with my team, I've looked at the low end, and I've looked at the high end of kind of the most likely scenarios. I mean, there's crazy scenarios that could take you down a path one way or the other that we don't think are likely. But within that likely scenario, what we're doing is I'm planning for the worst of the most likely scenarios, and I'm hoping for the best, and it gives me a little bit of breathing room. So what I would tell you versus others that, you know, in other industries, ours is a relatively small impact. Because when you think about 80% of our spending under contract and you think about the majority of our spend coming from the US, you could get to a number that's relatively manageable under all those scenarios.
Eric Coldwell: Very good. Again, appreciate it.
Adam Schechter: Sure. Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Pito Chickering of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Kieran Ryan: Hi there. You've got Kieran Ryan on for Pito. Thanks for taking our questions. Don't have much left here, but I know it's still pretty limited visibility, but I was just wondering if you have any thoughts or comments around any potential impacts to your business from some of the changes to Medicaid or ACA exchange subsidies that are being discussed. I know Medicaid and Medicare are only, I think, 10% of your diagnostic revenues. They're not very large, but any comments you have would be helpful. Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Yeah. What I would say is that it's, you know, it's together, they're about 10%. As I think about the business there, we've seen switching between so many different parts of the healthcare system, whether it be Medicare, to manage Medicaid, Medicare, and we've seen lots of movement. Under those scenarios, we continue to do well. Where I worry would be if there was a significant number of uninsured people that had to pay out of the pocket. Now I don't think that's likely. I don't think that would be tenable for the states or for the federal government. But that's where I'd be more worried than seeing a shift between Medicaid, Medicare, managed Medicaid, or going into private plans. I think all those other things are manageable, and they have different pushes or pulls. Some you have more tests per session. Some have a higher price per test. So I think the pushes and pulls offset themselves to some degree. As long as people have insurance or coverage, I think that in those scenarios, we do really well.
Kieran Ryan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question and answer session. I would now like to turn it back to Adam Schechter for closing remarks.
Adam Schechter: Well, thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to discussing the business with you in the future. Hopefully, you walk away realizing that our diagnostic business remains very strong. Our BLS business remains strong as well. And that we are committed to our patients and to our shareholders alike. So I hope you have a great day, and we'll talk to you all soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Labcorp's Fourth Quarter 2024 Conference Call [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised today's conference being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Christian O'Donnell. Please go ahead.
Christian O'Donnell: Thank you, operator. Good morning. And welcome to Labcorp's fourth quarter 2024 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Julia Wang, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, in the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.labcorp.com we posted both our press release and an Investor Relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures, both of which are discussed during today's call. Please see the use of adjusted measures section in our press release and Investor Relations presentation for more information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the estimated 2025 guidance and the related assumptions, the spin-off of Forteo Holdings, Inc., the projected impact of various factors on the company's businesses, operating and financial results, cash flows and/or financial conditions, including global economic and market conditions, future business strategies, expected savings, benefits and synergies from the LaunchPad initiative and from acquisitions and from other strategic transactions and partnerships, the completed holding company reorganization and opportunities for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements is subject to change based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control. More information is included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in the company's other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now I'll turn the call over to Adam Schechter.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Christin. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us as we review our 2024 performance and share our outlook for 2025. Today, I'm also joined by Julia Wang. Julia joined us as Executive Vice President and CFO this past December. As you know, Julie has succeeded Glenn Eisenberg, following his retirement announcement. Julia and I have hit the ground running and Julia's experience in both diagnostics and pharmaceuticals, combined with their strong financial expertise have already been very valuable to Labcorp. In 2024, our market leading diagnostics and biopharma laboratory services businesses made meaningful advances in our strategy through organic growth, transformative acquisitions and through continued commitment to science, innovation and technology. Looking back in 2024, we executed well on our strategic priorities. We furthered our role as a trusted partner to hospitals and health systems and to regional local laboratories by closing or signing 10 transactions. We advanced our position in key high growth markets, including oncology, women's health, neurology and autoimmune disease. And we introduced new important diagnostic tests to meet significant unmet medical needs. We expanded our leadership in genetic testing solutions through our acquisition of select assets of Invitae. Our clients now have access to Invitae's cutting edge science and genetic testing solutions to guide personalized treatment recommendations for oncology and rare disease patients. We advanced the development of Plasma Detect, an assay that uses whole genome sequencing and a proprietary machine learning analysis to detect MRD. Plasma Detect is in 12 global trials across several tumor types. We expect to move into clinical use in 2025 in the US with an early experience program for academic medical centers beginning with colorectal cancer. We launched Labcorp Global Trial Connect, a suite of central laboratory solutions aimed at increasing the speed of clinical trials at investigator sites. Turning now to our fourth quarter financial results. We performed very well across diagnostic laboratories and biopharma laboratory services, driven by strong underlying demand and advancements in science and technology solutions to better serve the needs of our customers. Revenue in the quarter was $3.3 billion, an increase of 10% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. Diagnostics and biopharma revenue each grew by approximately 10% in the quarter. Enterprise margins were down 40 basis points due to the expected impact of Invitae, which we referenced in our previous earnings call. Adjusted EPS of $3.45 was up 5% year-over-year. Free cash flow from continuing operations was $665 million. As we look ahead to 2025, we expect enterprise revenue growth of 6.7% to 8% and improving margins across both diagnostics and biopharma. We also expect an adjusted EPS range of $15.60 to $16.40, which represents an implied midpoint growth rate of 10%. Additionally, we expect free cash flow to grow in line with our earnings. In just a moment, Julia will provide more details on our results and our 2025 guidance. Turning to highlights of our enterprise strategy in the quarter. First, we advanced our leadership position as a partner of choice for hospitals and health systems and regional local laboratories. In November, we completed the acquisition of the select assets and molecular testing location of Lab Works, enabling broader access to comprehensive testing and laboratory services in Alabama. In December, we completed the acquisition of Select Outreach laboratory services for Ballad Health in the Appalachian region. In January, subsequent to quarter end, we announced a strategic collaboration with New Jersey based Inspira Health to manage the operations of the health systems hospital laboratories and to serve as the primary lab for Inspira's physician network. As we look ahead to 2025, our pipeline remains strong and we look forward to supporting more health systems and to expanding access to Labcorp's world class diagnostic solutions. We also made several advancements in science, innovation and technology in the quarter. As part of our focus on autoimmune disease, we launched a multiple sclerosis monitoring profile used to monitor neurofilament light chain serum and GFAP values in multiple sclerosis patients. Working with the CDC, we announced the commercial availability of an H5 bird flu molecular test. And we announced the availability of the first companion diagnostic assay to identify gastric cancer patients eligible for targeted treatment for people with advanced cancer of the stomach. In addition, we continued to help consumers manage their health and well being through Labcorp OnDemand. We launched several consumer initiated tests in the quarter, including homocystine for heart health, vitamin A, vitamin C and vitamin E. We announced several enhancements to Global Trial Connect, including sample tracking with earlier visibility into samples chain of custody and electronic requisition, a fully digital solution that improves workflows, efficiency and document management. We also experienced continued adoption of Labcorp Diagnostics Assistant by health system clients and their physicians. Labcorp Diagnostic Assistant brings together lab result data, clinical guidelines and EHR data to inform clinical decisions at the point of care. New capabilities like Smart Trends combine information from the client's EHR with all of the patient's lab results available through Labcorp, regardless of ordering provider, and it brings it into a single integrated view. Labcorp Diagnostic Assistant and Global Trial Connect are just two examples of how we're harnessing our innovative testing capabilities, our vast data assets and technology to support clinical trials and patient care. In closing, 2024 was a strong year for Labcorp as we continued to execute against our enterprise strategy and we are well positioned for continued growth in 2025. I want to thank our 70,000 employees for their hard work and dedication as we pursue our mission to improve health and improve lives. In fact, we are just made to Fortune Magazine's World's most Admired Companies list for 2025, a testament to the efforts of our team and their dedication to our mission. Finally, I want to personally thank Glenn for his contributions to the company during his 10 year successful run as CFO. Glenn and I have worked side-by-side since I joined as CEO, and I truly enjoyed having him serve as a key member of our Executive Committee. Glenn is a remarkable CFO and a remarkable executive. He remains as a special adviser to me through the end of April to ensure a smooth, collaborative transition that positions Labcorp to further accelerate our strategy in 2025. Please join me in wishing Glenn and his family all of the best in his retirement. With that, I'll turn the call over to Julia.
Julia Wang: Thank you, Adam. Hello, everyone. I want to start by sharing that I'm really excited to be with you all today. My experience across broader healthcare, including diagnostics and drug development has been very helpful as I jump started in my new role. I have been truly inspired by the strength of our business fundamentals, our passionate employees and the tremendous impact that Labcorp has on the patients that we serve each and every day. Now I'm going to focus my comments on our financials, starting with a review of our fourth quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with an update on our full year guidance. For reference, we have also included additional business information that can be found in our supplemental deck on our Investor Relations Web site. Revenue for the quarter was $3.3 billion, an increase of 9.8% compared to last year, driven by organic growth of 5.4%, the impact from net appreciation of 4% and foreign currency translation of 0.3%. Operating income for the quarter was $217 million or 6.5% of revenue, which is 12.7% on an adjusted basis. During the quarter, we had $120 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily related to acquisitions and LaunchPad initiatives. In addition, we have $16 million of expense for the transition service agreements related to the spin off of Fortrea with the corresponding income recorded in other income. Excluding fixed items and amortization of $17 million adjusted operating income in the quarter was $423 million or 12.7% of revenue compared to $395 million or 13% of revenue last year. The increase in adjusted operating income was primarily due to organic demand and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel costs. The 40 basis point decline in adjusted operating margin was due to Invitae. Our LaunchPad initiative delivered savings for the full year in line with our long term target of $100 million to $125 million per year. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 22.4% compared to 19.5% last year. The higher adjusted tax rate was primarily due to the geographic mix of earnings. We expect our adjusted tax rate for 2025 to be approximately 23%. Net earnings from continuing operations for the quarter were $144 million or $1.70 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS was $3.45 in the quarter, up 5% from last year. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was $777 million in the quarter compared to $580 million a year ago. The increase in cash flow was primarily due to higher cash earnings. Capital expenditures totaled $112 million in the quarter. For the full year, capital expenditures were 3.8% of revenue in line with prior year and we expect this to be consistent in 2025. Free cash flow from continuing operations for the quarter was $665 million. During the quarter, the company invested $88 million in acquisitions, paid out $16 million in dividends and repurchased $75 million of stock. For the full year, free cash flow from continuing operations was $1.1 billion. The company invested $839 million in acquisitions, paid out $243 million in dividends and repurchased $250 million of stock. We continue to have a robust pipeline of potential acquisition opportunities that meet our financial criteria and will supplement our organic growth. In addition, we continue to believe that our share repurchase program is an important part of our capital allocation strategy. The company currently has approximately $1.3 billion of share repurchase authorization. At year end 2024, we had $1.5 billion in cash while total debt was $6.3 billion. This higher balances are due to the prefunding of maturing debt. The company paid down $1 billion of debt that matures on February 1, 2025. Our debt leverage as of year end is 2.2 times net debt to trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA. Now I will review our segment performance, beginning with diagnostics laboratories. Revenue for the quarter was $2.6 billion, an increase of 10.2% compared to last year with organic growth of 5.1% and net acquisitions of 5.2%. The base business was up 11.4% compared to the base business last year, driven primarily by organic growth of 6.2%. Total volume increased 6.8% compared to last year. Base business volume grew 7.5% compared to the base business last year as organic volume increased 4.7% while acquisitions contributed 2.9%. Price/mix increased 3.4% versus last year due to organic base business growth and acquisitions, partially offset by lower COVID testing. Base business organic price/mix was up 1.5% compared to the base business last year due to mix as we benefited from an increase in [tax] and lab management agreements. Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $360 million or 13.9% of revenue compared to $354 million or 15.1% of revenue last year. Adjusted operating margin was down 120 basis points due to Invitae and the unfavorable impact of days and weather. Excluding these items, adjusted operating margin would have been up approximately 50 basis points as the benefit of organic demand and LaunchPad savings was partially offset by higher personnel. As we look to 2025, we anticipate Invitae will perform in line with our expectations, that is we expect Invitae revenue growth to be approximately 10% annually and to be slightly accretive for full year 2025. Now I will review the segment performance of Biopharma Laboratory Services. Revenue for the quarter was $767 million, an increase of 10.4% compared to last year due to an increase in organic revenue of 8.9% and foreign currency translation of 1.5%. Central Labs continued its strong performance with revenue growth of 10%. Early development also demonstrated strong year-over-year revenue growth in the quarter, up 12%, albeit the prior year was a soft comparison. Biopharma adjusted operating income for the quarter was $131 million or 17% of revenue compared to $109 million or 15.7% of revenue last year. Adjusted operating income and margins increased due to organic demand and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel costs. We ended the quarter with a backlog of $8 billion. We expect approximately $2.5 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Book-to-bill for the quarter was 1.17 with a trailing 12 month book-to-bill of 1.0. Now I will discuss our 2025 full year guidance, which assumes foreign exchange rates effective as of December 31, 2024 for the full year. The enterprise guidance also includes the impact from currently anticipated capital allocation, utilizing free cash flow for acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends. We expect enterprise revenue to grow 6.7% to 8% compared to 2024. This includes a headwind from foreign currency translation of approximately 50 basis points. We expect Diagnostics revenue to be up 6.5% to 7.7% compared to 2024. This guidance assumes roughly half of the revenue growth, comes from organic growth and half comes from the annualization of acquisitions completed in 2024. We expect biopharma revenue to grow 3% to 5% compared to 2024. This guidance includes a headwind from foreign currency translation of 140 basis points. We expect both Central Labs and early development to grow at a mid-single digit constant currency growth rate for the year. We expect enterprise margins to be up with margins improving in both Diagnostics and Biopharma in 2025 versus 2024, driven by top line growth and LaunchPad savings. Our guidance range for adjusted EPS is $15.60 to $16.40 with an implied growth rate at the midpoint of 10%. Our free cash flow guidance range is $1.1 billion to $1.25 billion. And due to normal seasonality, we expect it to be weighted towards second half of the year. In summary, we are encouraged by the underlying strength of our business. As we move into 2021, we expect to drive continued profitable growth and strong free cash flow generation that will be used for acquisitions that support our strategy and supplement our organic growth, while also returning cash flow to shareholders through our share repurchase program and dividends. Lastly, I want to thank Glenn as he has been a tremendous resource during this transition. I have been really impressed by the passion and the quality of our team and I look forward to advancing the market leading position of the company in an extremely impactful industry. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Cherny with Leerink Partners.
Michael Cherny: Maybe if I can just ask a simple one straightforward. You talked about margins stepping up over the -- year-over-year. Obviously, we still have Invitae ramping over the course of the year. Can you give us a sense of what underlying margins are in terms of embedded into guidance? And how are you thinking about the push and pull on what would lead you to either the upside or the downside of the guidance range, the EPS guidance range?
Adam Schechter: Michael, I'll start and I'll start by focusing on Diagnostics, right? If you look at the Diagnostics business, it was very strong. The revenue grew 10.2% and it was really driven by strong organic growth of 5% and acquisitions of 5%. If you look at the margins, the margins were about 39% of revenue when you look at AOI as a percent of revenue, that's compared to 15.1% last year. The margin was down due to three things. It was down to Invitae, weather and days. The impact of Invitae was more than double each of the other two. As we look at this year, the reason we feel confident about margin expansion in both businesses, not just diagnostics but also in biopharma is because number one, we expect Invitae to be slightly accretive. It will be dilutive to margins in the first half of the year but then when we overlap the acquisition, it will be slightly accretive for the full year, meaning it will be accretive in the second half. The second thing is we've built in $0.10 due to weather in the first quarter and that's built into the guidance that we've provided but there's no additional other weather things that could help us potentially with margin. And then the last thing is the number of days. So we have some real tailwinds that will help us with the margins as we come into 2025, making us feel confident.
Michael Cherny: And then just one other question, I guess, on the implication of guidance, ending the year on a strong mix of both organic volumes and price mix on the Diagnostics side. What do you see as the environment going forward? Is there anything kind of -- I'll call it one-time in nature but elevated versus what you would have expected on a run rate and how that factors into how you think about the 25% growth in Diagnostics?
Adam Schechter: So if you look at the 2025 growth that we put for Diagnostics, the range is 6.5% to 7.7%, so it's a midpoint of 7.1% growth. Now if you look at 2024 in the fourth quarter, the 10% growth, volume was up 6.8% and price mix was up 3.4%. And of our volume growth, organic was up 4% and acquisitions were about 2.8%. At the end of the day, the volume continues to be higher than what we've seen historically. Historically, you see volume growing at 1 to 2%, you would add a little bit on to that because I do think we're gaining some market share. So over time, I would expect that the volume would come back to more in line with what we've seen historically.
Julia Wang: The only thing I would add is when you look at the growth of our Diagnostics business in 2025, our guidance is assuming half of the growth, about 3.5% will be coming from our organic business and the other half will be coming from acquisitions that we've already completed in 2024. So it's a fairly balanced profile in terms of the [sources] of growth for 2025.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan: Adam, just wanted to start, a big story of the last year has been M&A in the lab industry. Your cash flow here is pretty strong. Leverage is just over 2 times. Can you give us an update on how your pipeline deals look if you just -- how active you expect to be as you integrate everything you consummated last year?
Adam Schechter: Well, first thing Id say is if you look at this year, we had 10 acquisitions. And it was very strong from acquisition here, particularly with the hospital, regional local laboratories, but we also had the acquisition of Invitae, which was kind of one of those opportunistic acquisitions that became available to us. As I look at the pipeline, it's strong. And it's impossible to know the exact number because sometimes they take three months, sometimes they take two years. But overall, as I look at the potential before us, I feel very good about the acquisition pipeline. But more broadly speaking, the way I think about our capital allocation is we, first and foremost, are committed to the dividend. We then look for as many of these hospital local, regional laboratory deals as we can do, assuming that they meet our financial criteria of being accretive in the first year, return our cost of capital in two to three years and that they're good partners that we can integrate the business well. And then we'll look into the specialty areas to see if there's anything strategic there or if there's any strategic in the biopharma area. Then we have the authority to do additional buybacks and we have the wherewithal to add buybacks where we think appropriate. So I think we have a very balanced mix. I think we have a good pipeline of deals. And when you look at our longer term guidance, we've actually increased the amount of revenue that we expect to come from deals. Historically, I would have said 1% to 2% of revenue, now it's 1.5% to 2.5% and I feel good about that.
Julia Wang: The only other comment I would add is our 2025 guidance does include the impact from currently anticipated capital allocation essentially utilizing our free cash flow generation for acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends. The other point is, as you already commented, we did end last year with a leverage ratio of about 2.2% in terms of -- 2.2 times in terms of our net debt to trailing 12 month EBITDA, which clearly demonstrates that we have additional balance sheet flexibility to pursue share repurchase or M&A opportunities should attractive opportunities to emerge throughout the year.
Jack Meehan: And then, Julia, one for you. Just it'd be great to hear your initial impressions since joining Labcorp. And on this topic of M&A, Invitae was a headliner last year. Just how you feel like the integration is going with that?
Julia Wang: As Adam commented earlier, I joined Labcorp in December of last year, so this is not number three for me. Let me just say that I am so happy to be here. In terms of my early observations, first of all, I am really excited about our growth profile. When you look at our long term guidance, you're looking at the top line growth of mid to high single digits. I have to say that this growth rate is meaningfully higher than what I would have thought the last time I worked in the industry prior to COVID. Then if you take that strong top line growth, coupled with margin expansion, along with the expectation to drive adjusted EPS growth and free cash flow generation in the range of high single digits to low double digits. To me, this is truly compelling. I believe that we have a tremendous platform and opportunity to potentially create outsized returns for our shareholders. I also like our people and our culture. What we do is grounded in science, innovation and technology and our people are actually passionate, dedicated and focused. From a personal perspective, it is a delight coming back to this part of the country, which was essentially where I started when first coming to the US years ago to study at Duke University. So in many ways, life has come full circle for me. So I'm really excited to be here, working across both internal and externally to continue to advance our leadership position in an industry that is extremely impactful to the patients that we serve.
Adam Schechter: And Jack, with regard to the Invitae integration, it's going very well. I actually had a chance to spend time with the team in California in January. And the science, the people, the technology, the patient experience that they have is really remarkable. I was excited about the deal when we first announced it. I'm actually even more excited about it as I sit here today. We remain on track financially. We expect the revenue to grow by more than 10%. And we also expect it to be slightly accretive as we look at full year 2025, second half of the year being accretive, first half still dilutive. So as I look at that business, if I look at the integration, it's going as well as I would have expected.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Gill with JP Morgan.
Lisa Gill: Just really wanted to follow up on your thoughts around the organic growth rate for Diagnostics. Adam, when we were together in January, you talked about esoteric testing being 3 times the typical growth rate of what we see. And then you also talked and you highlighted again today that you expect kind of normal utilization to go back to 1% to 2%. So how do I think about the makeup of the 3.5% that Julia talked about as far as organic, how much of that is coming from esoteric? Is your underlying assumption that we go back to 1% to 2% historical utilization in that number? And then as we think about esoteric and your relationship with Managed Care, anything changing there as far as shifting more volume to you, et cetera, as we think about '25?
Adam Schechter: And when I talked about esoteric business, I kind of subset it a little bit to look at oncology, women's health, neurology and autoimmune disease. It's in those four areas that I see the growth at 3 times the historical rate of diagnostics. So it's not the entire set of esoteric test. It's that kind of subset, which is still a big portion of esoteric testing and we continue to see those growth rates faster than others. And then when I think about the underlying market historically at 1% to 2%, a big part of it is still that they're so -- the market is so big. And if you look at the CAGR, it's -- from 2019, the volume has been at a 1% to 2% range. And I think that's just like a historical rate. With that said, I do believe that we are gaining some market share. And I think with these hospital deals, with the geographies surrounding the hospitals, I think it is enabling us to grow faster than the market. And therefore, I would expect us to continue to do that even if the market growth goes back to historical levels. In terms of esoteric testing, we continue to work with our Managed Care payers. I think because we have such a broad pipeline, we have 6,500 different tests available to them. It actually gives us a good mix that we can talk to them about when we speak about reimbursement. So I think having the breadth of the test profile that we have helps us.
Lisa Gill: And just one follow-up on the guidance. Lab directed tests there's supposed to be something obviously coming into play, your trade organization currently has a lawsuit. Is that cost meaningful and could there be a meaningful shift if you're able to win the lawsuit in May?
Adam Schechter: So with regard to lab developed tests, the vast majority of what's being required to do we actually were already doing, because we submit our test to New York State for approval and that's a lot of where the cost was. So we were incurring that. There might be some other costs in terms of systems to track safety and other things but those are kind of within the ranges that we provided, nothing that I would call out specifically. I still think it's the wrong thing for the industry. I think it could slow down the ability to get new important tests to market for people that need them. I think it caused some healthcare disparities where if you live around an academic medical center, you might have access to an LDT before the rest of the population. For those reasons, I don't think it's the right answer. I think the trade organization needs to work to find a better way with the administration to move forward. At the same time, it's not a significant financial impact to us.
Operator: Next question comes from Erin Wright with Morgan Stanley.
Erin Wright: Could you characterize, I guess, the backdrop right now across Biopharma, what are your expectations in terms of the underlying market into 2025? And if you could provide an update on the NHP business as well. Just the supply, given some of the news on that front more recently. And just how we think about also from a margin perspective for that business in the quarterly progression, anything to think about into 2025?
Adam Schechter: I'll tell you, it's nice to see the growth that we had anticipated in both of the Biopharma segments. So if you look at Biopharma, we had 10% revenue growth for our Central Labs. And as expected, we did see growth in early development, early development actually grew 12% year-over-year. As I look at the guidance that we're providing for 2025, we're giving a range of 3% to 5% with a midpoint of 4%, realizing that there's a significant impact in that from foreign exchange levels. As I look at that business, it remains healthy. We are a leader in both of those segments. When I start with Central Labs, I mean, about 85% of the forecast comes from the backlog. So I feel good about the forecast that we have and I feel good about the backlog that we have. As I look at early development, I look at three things. I look at the number of RFPs in dollars as well as numbers. I look at our win rate and then I look at the cancellations. If you look at the RFPs, they remain strong, both in dollars and numbers. If you look at our win rate, it remains consistent. And if you look at cancellations, although it's not back to exactly normal levels, it's at the high end of normal now. So it's come down much better than where it had been historically. So I feel good coming into the year with both of those businesses. As I think about margins, we expect margins to expand in the biopharma laboratory services business as well as in Diagnostics. And I think the expansion comes from increased volume as well as increased utilization, particularly in early development. As far as NHPs, we have the supply that we need for the forecast that we've provided, and I feel good about our supplies.
Julia Wang: Maybe I could add a little bit more color. As it relates to the margins for the BLS segment in 2025 versus 2024. So first of all, we did share in the opening remarks that we are anticipating this [currency] impact to the top line, which will translate to about 140 basis points of negative impact to the BLS revenue growth versus prior year. Therefore, when you look at the margin expansion drop through in '25, the pace of that growth will not be as much as you saw in '24. The other factor is the sources of our growth from a revenue standpoint from the two business lines within BLS, it's not going to be as heavily weighted towards Central Labs as it did in 2024. The other point that is worth noting is Q1 [indiscernible] is the lowest margin quarter of the year. So you might want to take that into consideration as you think about the quarterly phasing within the year.
Erin Wright: And just a quick one on regulatory. You mentioned LDTs. But what about PAMA [indiscernible] and just the broader regulatory environment where we stand today with the new administration?
Adam Schechter: So with PAMA, we continue to work with our trade organization to find ways to get better legislation in place that we think is more applicable to what they were trying to achieve and a better way to actually move it forward. We've been trying that for many years now, to be frank. And if that doesn't happen, we'll try for a delay as has happened in the last several years. And then at the same time, we continue to just push it out a year. So my base case, I assume PAMA is coming in 2026. We built a plan that looks good, assuming PAMA does happen. And then if it doesn't happen, it looks even better. But at this point in time, we continue to work to try to find a better legislative option.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Joanna for Elizabeth. Maybe go back to onetime items, I think you said you have $0.10 of weather impact in '25 guide. So maybe what's the total weather impact for '24 and is weather day and payroll day going to be tailwind or headwind for fiscal '25?
Adam Schechter: Yes, if you look at 2025, in January, we had about $0.10 impact from weather and we built that into the guidance that we've already provided to you. And as we also look at 2025 payroll will actually be a tailwind for us. And let's see what happens with the rest of the quarter with weather before we comment any further. But at this point, we've built in $0.10.
Julia Wang: Joanna, the only thing I would add, I definitely agree with Adam. So clearly, if you look at 2025 full year calendar is largely not a factor. However, Q1, it will be slightly unfavorable because we expect to have one less revenue day, partially offset by one less payroll day. So you might want to take that into consideration as we work through the quarters within the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Brackmann with William Blair.
Andrew Brackmann: Maybe just two on the macro front, I'll ask upfront. Sort of first here, can you maybe sort of talk about underlying inflation assumptions and how those might impact margins this year? Any sort of spending categories that should get either better or worse in 2025? And then secondly, a lot of noise on the tariff front right now. How are you sort of thinking about any impact to your supply costs, if any, for this year?
Adam Schechter: So two thoughts. First of all, underlying inflation, a big part of our inflation is cost of people and we've assumed 3% to 3.5% inflation. As we look at our labor, it's actually gotten better in 2024 than it was prior, particularly at turnover rate. So I feel like we're in a pretty good place with 3% to 3.5%. In terms of tariffs, it's hard to know exactly what would happen, the timing of what would happen. But we've taken a look at a lot of different scenarios and we think that it would be very manageable for us.
Julia Wang: To just build on what Adam has already shared. As you know, we have this LaunchPad initiative that every year we drive about $100 million to $125 million of savings through really process and technology improvement that really dropped through to the bottom line. So that actually helps us to really for the most part the increase in labor cost.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.
Pito Chickering: So a quick follow-up question on [EV]. I think you said that would grow sort of mid-single digits. I guess what's the components there between pricing and volume for 2025?
Adam Schechter: So EV, we didn't give specific guidance for EV, we just said that Biopharma services is expected to grow range 3% to 5%, 4%, both segments will grow within that. EV does tend to grow slightly faster than what Central Laboratory business grows. Price is basically pretty flat. I mean there's a little bit of pressure but nothing more significant than what we would expect. So it comes from volume.
Pito Chickering: So pricing flat for EV and growth coming from the volume side. Looking at the free cash flow conversion for '25, can you walk us through the delta between sort of EPS growth on '25 versus your free cash flow growth, that looks to be sort of some working capital or some pressure on your free cash flow growth versus your earnings growth?
Julia Wang: Maybe I can start another question. So to focus -- understand 2025, let me start with regrounding ourselves about where we landed in 2024, particularly in Q4. So as you may be aware already, in terms of the free cash flow generation, we typically generate the majority of our free cash flow in the second half of the year with the fourth quarter being the strongest, and that was exactly what we saw in the fourth quarter of last year. Specifically, the Q4 free cash flow from continuing operations was $665 million, which was up over 60% versus the year before. And the increase was primarily driven by higher cash earnings, lower capital expenditures as well as favorable working capital due to timing. Now when you transition to 2025, you might have already seen coming out of the strong cash flow in 2024 of $1.1 billion, our guidance for 2025 for the free cash flow is between $1.1 billion to $1.25 billion with a midpoint of $1.175 billion. And that growth once again, is really driven by the higher cash earnings and to a certain degree, some variability as it relates to working capital. But what I would say is from a cash conversion perspective, we are targeting around mid 80s to higher, which was what you have seen historically, which is also what we built in the guidance for 2025. And overall, I would say we are really pleased with the strong cash flow that we have been generating, which has been serving and will continue to serve as a key funding force for our capital deployment strategy and execution.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Citi.
Patrick Donnelly: Maybe I'll just kind of package a couple together here. When you think about the lab business, the core Diagnostics business here, can you just talk about the pricing side, what those conversations have been with payers, the expectations for '25 on that front? And then in a similar vein, just the utilization, obviously, it's been elevated. It feels like it's going to continue. How much conservatism did you guys put on the utilization side and how are you seeing that play out as we work our way through '25?
Adam Schechter: So as I look at 2024, I mean we ended the year and the quarter very strong and it gives us momentum as we come to 2025. And if you look at the guidance that we provided for 2025 for our Diagnostics it's midpoint of 7%. So once again, showing very strong underlying demand, which we believe 3.5% will come organically. The other 3.5% will come from deals that we already completed in 2024. Our discussions with the payers go very well. We continue to show them the value that we add. They see the benefit of us acquiring some of the hospital business, because that actually helps them as well as helps the patient, helps the hospital and help Labcorp. So those deals are very helpful to, I think, the entire healthcare system. And I think the payers see that. They also see that we are a very high quality lab. We now have so many specialty tests in almost every one of the specialty areas that they're focused on and they see that we are a lower cost providers. So we get very high quality and because of our scale, we're able to give it at a lower cost, which works in our favor in those discussions. So I feel good about the environment. I feel good about where we are in 2025 and as we move forward.
Operator: Next question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: In the quarter -- in the fourth quarter, you mentioned ex-weather, ex-days, ex-Invitae, core margins in Diagnostics sort of grown 50 basis points. Is there any dynamic that's different when you think about 2025 such that core margins would continue to grow? And I guess that's -- you mentioned labor turnover is better versus LaunchPad. I'm just wondering like when you think about the business ex the one-timers, weather and everything else, would you still expect core margins to expand by roughly what you saw in third quarter, fourth quarter, 50 basis points or so?
Adam Schechter: So as I think about 2025, we expect to see margin expansion and we expect to see it in both businesses, in our Diagnostics business but also in the Biopharma Laboratory businesses. Some of the things that you mentioned, in particular, Invitae works in our favor and it's actually a tailwind it will be dilutive to the margins in the first half of the year but it will be slightly accretive for the full year, saying that the second half of the year that will be accretive for Invitae. So overall, I feel very good and confident that we've got some tailwinds on the margin improvement that will help us as we expect in 2025.
Julia Wang: Add maybe one more color. As you look at 2024 and Q4 in particular, from a Diagnostic margin perspective, once you neutralize the impact from the strategic acquisition of Invitae as well as some unusual operational items like weather and days, the language for our Diagnostics business was actually in the mid to high 20s, which was in line with our past performance. And as we move into 2025, we expect to continue to build upon that foundation and continue to expand the margin, particularly as we also overlap the dilution to margin from Invitae in 2024.
Kevin Caliendo: And just one follow-up. You made some comments about 1Q and weather and the timing of Invitae. But just when we think about cadence, is there any other color you can give us around cadence for the year as we think about EPS growth or however you would want to clarify that, and as we think about 1Q versus 2Q versus 3Q versus 4Q, because there's obviously some one-timers this year that might throw off normal seasonality?
Adam Schechter: So we're not going to give quarterly guidance. But as I did say, in the first quarter, we have a $0.10 impact through the month of January due to weather. We'll see if there's anything else that happens to weather, we haven't built in anything above the $0.10. But we're not going to give quarter-by-quarter guidance at the moment.
Julia Wang: And earlier, I shared right in the first quarter, there will be a days impact but I think that's included in our supplemental information on the Web site as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Westenberg with Piper Sandler.
David Westenberg: So I'll just have one question here on the Invitae acquisition integration plus some of the growth here. So it did have an MRD assay that you talked about bringing multi -- first biopharma and then eventually commercialization. Can you talk about reimbursement or expectations on time lines and reimbursement? I know Invitae had reimbursement but it also had some IP fights. I'm not really sure where that actually end up shaking out. So if you can give us an update there. And then just in terms of the back half of the year, accretion on Invitae. How much of this is growth dependent versus maybe cost synergies that you've already identified and really already have them in place? And I'll just ask one upfront because that was a little longer.
Adam Schechter: So two points. One is -- and they both come together. As I look at the accretion for Invitae, I mean, we are taking costs out but we're doing it in a very thoughtful manner and we're doing best of best. So we have MRD assets, they have MRD assets. We were looking at the ones that were scientifically most advanced from a time line, we're furthest along and we're taking the best of best. So we continue to have a significant number of assets as we look at liquid biopsy, including MRD. With regard to the timing of accretion, I would say part of it is just it's a year later. So we've overlapped the year. And then the second part of it is that we've taken out significant costs where it makes sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with Jefferies.
Tycho Peterson: I wanted to ask on [indiscernible] on the partnership there. I know there have been, I think, some developments, there was a hearing at the end of last month on the injunction. And just how are you thinking about resources you need to put behind that ahead of the launch later this year? And then anything thoughts on USPSTF and the Braidwood case and whether that may impact timing of the launch?
Adam Schechter: I think it's best to actually talk to them about the specifics of any type of cases and where they are with litigations and those types of things. With regard to us, we'll be prepared to launch. And when it's appropriate, we'll be ready.
Tycho Peterson: And then follow-up is just -- I know you had the question earlier on PAMA. Going back to your comments at JP Morgan on SALSA, you had commented it makes sense and it's logical but there might be kind of pieces you can pull out of if you connected it all approved. Can you maybe just talk a little bit more about what you're implying there and what parts you might pull out of?
Adam Schechter: So we're trying -- again, I didn't want to say we're pulling apart bills or legislation. Our trade group is working to figure out what's the best path forward to try to get approval of legislation that addresses the needs and with any legislation, you talk with , democrats, republicans and Congress and the Senate, you try to find things that are appropriate for all involved. So I feel like we've got a path forward that we continue to work on. We've had democrats or republicans very supportive that the current patent of the way it has been implemented doesn't make sense. Now we just have to find the most logical way to move forward where it does make sense.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the question and actual portion of today's call. I'd like to turn the call back to Adam for any closing remarks.
Adam Schechter: All right. Thank you, everybody, for joining us today. We appreciate your time and we look forward to updating you on the first quarter of 2025 in April.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q3 2024 Labcorp Holdings Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Christin ODonnell, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Christin ODonnell: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to Labcorps third quarter 2024 conference call. As detailed in todays press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com, we posted both our press release and an Investor Relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures, both of which are discussed during todays call. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the estimated 2024 guidance and the related assumptions, the spin-off of Fortrea Holdings, Inc., the impact of various factors on the companys businesses, operating and financial results, cash flows and/or financial condition, including the COVID-19 pandemic and global economic and market conditions, future business strategies, expected savings, benefits and synergies from the LaunchPad initiative and from acquisitions and other strategic transactions and partnerships, the completed holding company reorganization and opportunities for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements is subject to change based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control. More information is included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in the companys other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now Ill turn the call over to Adam Schechter.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Christin, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us as we review our third quarter financial performance and progress against our strategy. Before discussing our results, wed like to acknowledge the communities across the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic, including our home state of North Carolina, which continues to face the devastating effects of Hurricanes Helene and Milton. Our thoughts are with those impacted, including our employees and residents of those communities across several states, who are grappling with a long recovery ahead. We continue to support relief and recovery efforts as a member of the American Red Cross Disaster Response program. Turning to our results for the quarter. We continue to perform very well across both diagnostics labratories and biopharma laboratory services. Our results reflect strong growth in diagnostics and central laboratories, driven by strong volume and core performance and by advancements in science, technology and innovation. Lets start by reviewing our financial results. Revenue in the quarter was $3.3 billion, an increase of 7% compared to the third quarter of 2023. Diagnostics continued to deliver strong revenue growth, up 9%, driven by organic growth of 5%, while biopharma laboratory services revenue grew approximately 3%, driven by strong growth in central labs of 9%, partially offset by the expected decline of 11% in early development. We continue to expect early development to show year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter. The trailing 12-month book-to-bill was 1.02. We expect the book-to-bill to grow sequentially quarter-over-quarter in the fourth quarter, but its overlapping with a very strong fourth quarter last year. Overall, the book-to-bill remains healthy for continued growth. Adjusted EPS of $3.50 was up 4% year-over-year. Enterprise margins were down 40 basis points due to the impacts renminbi has. We expect to finish the year with solid growth across both diagnostics and biopharma laboratory services. Glenn will provide more details on our results in just a moment. We continue to execute well on our strategic priorities by being a partner of choice for health systems and regional local laboratories by harnessing science and innovation to expand our leadership in important therapeutic areas and by utilizing data and technology to bring important services and capabilities to our customers. In the third quarter, Labcorp continued to advance in these strategic growth areas. First, we maintained a leadership position as a partner of choice for health systems. During the third quarter, we announced an agreement to acquire select operating assets of Ballad Health outreach lab services. Ballad Health expands our comprehensive laboratory and testing capabilities to rural communities in Tennessee, Virginia, North Carolina and Kentucky. We also entered into a strategic collaboration with Naples Comprehensive Healthcare in Southwest Florida to manage the daily operations of its inpatient laboratory operations. Turning to regional and local laboratories. We signed a new agreement to acquire select assets of Lab Works, an independent clinical laboratory located in Alabama. And we closed the previously announced acquisition of select assets of BioReferences Health laboratory testing business. We continue to have a strong business development pipeline, and we look forward to sharing more of those details in the future. We also made several notable advances in science, technology and innovation in the quarter through strategic acquisitions, investments and new product launches. First, we completed the acquisition of select assets of Invitae during the quarter. Performance was in line with our expectations, and we continue to expect it to be slightly accretive to earnings for 2025 with top line growth of approximately 10%. We are excited about Invitaes complementary cutting edge science, their genetic testing solutions and technology, which aligns strategically with Labcorps focus on specialty medicine and oncology. The acquisition extends our leadership in specialty testing capabilities and our ability to utilize genetic data to improve clinical trials and treatment regimens in oncology and select rare diseases. By integrating Invitaes genetic testing technology with Labcorps specialty testing capabilities, we can offer a more complete set of insights for each patient from testing to diagnosis to treatment. The integration is on track with our financial goals without impacting the great science and customer experience that Invitae provides today. In July, we announced an expanded collaboration with Ultima Genomics to utilize its sequencing solution and technology to explore new whole genome sequencing clinical applications, including MRD in patients with early-stage solid tumor cancers. In August, Labcorp received de novo marketing authorization from the FDA for our PGDx elio plasma focus Dx, the industrys only kitted, pan-solid tumor liquid biopsy test. This test enables laboratory to perform genomic profiling when tissue is limited or unavailable. Labcorp has an industry-leading comprehensive oncology testing menu, and we are uniquely positioned as the only company offering FDA-authorized kitted solutions for both tissue and liquid-based solid tumor testing. We also continue to expand our Labcorp OnDemand offerings with additional consumer-initiated tests in July and August, including Syphilis and Luteinizing Hormone tests. Subsequent to the quarter end, we announced an exclusive agreement with NowDiagnostics to distribute the first over-the-counter, point-of-care Syphilis blood test granted marketing authorization by the FDA. We plan to make the test available to providers by the end of 2024 and directly to patients through Labcorp OnDemand in 2025. In the quarter, we also made improvements to our customer experience, using data and technology to bring important services and capabilities to our customers. We introduced a new order tracking experience to our diagnostic customers, giving the majority of providers real-time visibility of test order status. This new capability offers comprehensive sample tracking enhancing providers ability to manage patient care effectively with clear up-to-date information on all test orders. Ovia Health by Labcorp announced the expansion of its women health solutions to include a personalized, comprehensive postpartum experience. This 12-month program is designed to help women manage multiple aspects of the postpartum period through personalized recovery modes, symptom tracking and alerts and mental health support. I am proud of our accomplishments and how we operate as an organization. We recently earned Ethispheres Compliance Leader Verification, which recognizes organizations with an outstanding commitment to achieving a best-in-class ethics and compliance program. Ethics and integrity are at the heart of everything we do, and integral to our mission to improve health and improve lives. We were also proud to be named a Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion after earning the top score of 100 by the 2024 Disability Equality Index. In the quarter, Congress delayed the implementation of PAMA, removing a potential $80 million revenue headwind in 2025. While we are pleased with this further delay, we continue to work closely with our trade associations to seek a permanent fix to PAMA as there is bipartisan recognition that long-term reform is needed. In conclusion, we continue to execute well on our short-term financial commitments while also making progress on our longer-term strategy. I am confident in our growth opportunities and we remain on track to achieve our longer term outlook. With that, Ill turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. Im going to start my comments with a review of our third quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with an update on our full year guidance. For reference, weve also included additional business information that can be found in our supplemental deck on our Investor Relations website. Revenue for the quarter was $3.3 billion, an increase of 7.4% compared to last year, primarily due to organic base business growth and the impact from acquisitions. The base business grew 8% compared to the base business last year, driven primarily by organic growth of 4.8%. Operating income for the quarter was $254 million, or 7.7% of revenue, or 13.4% on an adjusted basis. During the quarter, we had $105 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily related to acquisitions and LaunchPad initiatives. In addition, we had $18 million of expense for the transition service agreements related to the spin-off Fortrea with the corresponding income recorded in other income. Excluding these items and amortization of $64 million, adjusted operating income in the quarter was $441 million, or 13.4% of revenue, compared to $424 million, or 13.9% last year. The increase in adjusted operating income was primarily due to organic demand and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel costs and the loss from Invitae. The 40 basis point decline in adjusted operating margin was due to Invitae. Excluding Invitae as well as the impact from weather and days, margins would have been up approximately 120 basis points. Our LaunchPad initiative continues to be on track to deliver $100 million to $125 million of savings this year, consistent with our long-term target. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 22.8% compared to 24% last year. The lower adjusted tax rate was primarily due to the geographic mix of earnings. We continue to expect the full year adjusted tax rate to be approximately 23%. Net earnings from continuing operations for the quarter were $170 million or $2 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS were $3.50 in the quarter, up 4% from last year. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was $277 million in the quarter, which included an expected use of cash from Invitae compared to $276 million a year ago. Capital expenditures totaled $116 million in the quarter, or 3.5% of revenue. This compares to $105 million, or 3.4% in the prior year. For the full year, we continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately 3.5% of revenue. Free cash flow from continuing operations for the quarter was $162 million. During the quarter, the company invested $458 million in acquisitions, paid down $61 million in dividends and repurchased $75 million of stock. At quarter end, we had $1.5 billion in cash, while debt was $6.8 billion. These higher balances are due to the prefunding of maturing debt. During the quarter, the company raised $2 billion of long-term notes to prefund $2 billion of maturing debt. The company expects to use cash to pay down the remaining $1.4 billion of debt, maturing over the next four months. Our current debt leverage is 2.4x net debt to trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA. Now Ill review our segment performance, beginning with Diagnostics Laboratories. Revenue for the quarter was $2.6 billion, an increase of 8.9% compared to last year, with organic growth of 5% and acquisitions net of divestitures contributing 4%. The base business grew 9.8% compared to the base business last year, driven primarily by organic growth of 5.8%. Total volume increased 5.1% compared to last year. Base business volume grew 5.6% compared to the base business last year as organic volume increased 2.7%, which was negatively impacted by approximately 40 basis points from weather, while acquisitions contributed 2.9%. Price mix increased 3.8% versus last year due to organic base business growth and acquisitions that was partially offset by lower COVID testing. Base business organic price mix was up 3% compared to the base business last year due to mix as we benefited from lab management agreements, an increase in test per accession and esoteric testing growing faster than routine. Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $387 million, or 15.2% of revenue, compared to $386 million, or 16.5% last year. Adjusted operating margin was down 130 basis points due to Invitae and the unfavorable impacts of days and weather. Excluding these items, margins would have been up around 80 basis points as the benefit of organic demand and LaunchPad savings was partially offset by higher personnel costs. Now Ill review the segment performance of Biopharma Laboratory Services. Revenue for the quarter was $738 million, an increase of 2.6% compared to last year due to an increase in organic revenue of 2% and foreign currency translation of 0.6%. The revenue growth was driven by continued strength in central labs, which was up 9%, while early development was down 11%, primarily due to higher-than-normal cancellations in prior periods. However, early development revenue increased sequentially from the second quarter, and we continue to expect it to grow year-over-year, beginning in the fourth quarter. Biopharma adjusted operating income for the quarter was $121 million, or 16.4% of revenue, compared to $109 million, or 15.2% last year. Adjusted operating income and margin increased due to organic demand and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel costs. We ended the quarter with a backlog of $8.1 billion, and we expect approximately $2.6 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. The trailing 12-month book-to-bill was 1.02. Now Ill discuss our updated 2024 full year guidance, which assumes foreign exchange rates effective as of September 30, 2024, for the remainder of the year. The enterprise guidance also includes the impact from currently anticipated capital allocation, including acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends. We expect enterprise revenue to grow 6.6% to 7.3% compared to 2023. Versus prior guidance, the midpoint is unchanged as a benefit of 20 basis points from foreign currency is being offset by a negative 20 basis points from weather. We continue to perform well in diagnostics with revenue expected to be up 7.2% to 7.8% compared to 2023. This is an increase at the midpoint from our prior guidance of 10 basis points due to the improved outlook within diagnostics. The acquisition of select assets of BioReference that was previously only included in the enterprise guidance until the transaction closed is benefiting diagnostics growth by 30 basis points. This is being offset by the unfavorable impact from weather of 30 basis points. We expect biopharma revenue to grow 4.7% to 5.6% compared to 2023. The midpoint of our guidance increased 80 basis points due to the favorable impact from foreign currency of 100 basis points, partially offset by a slower recovery in early development of 20 basis points. We continue to expect early development to grow revenue year-over-year beginning in the fourth quarter. We expect enterprise margins to be slightly down year-over-year with diagnostics margins constrained by Invitae and weather. We expect biopharma margins to be up year-over-year. Our guidance range for adjusted EPS is $14.30 to $14.70. We have decreased the midpoint of guidance by $0.10 due to the estimated impact from weather of $0.15. Our free cash flow guidance range is $850 million to $980 million. In summary, we expect to drive continued profitable growth and strong free cash flow generation that will be used for acquisitions that support our strategy and supplement our organic growth, while also returning capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program and dividends. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ann Hynes with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Ann.
Ann Hynes: Good morning. Just heading into 2025 is there any specific headwinds and tailwinds that you would like to call out? And then secondly, Im sure youre seeing some of the late-stage probably traded peers have not done really well this quarter. Revenue growth is declining or I should say, accelerating, but it seems like the opposite is happening to your central lab. How should we think about the impact of whats happening with some of your customers from a timing perspective? Do you expect that to impact revenue? Is there a lag 6 months, 12 months? How should we view it in the future? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Sure. Ill start with 2025. And so first of all, I feel great about the momentum that we have in both our diagnostics and central laboratory business, and we expect early development is going to grow in the fourth quarter and will grow as we go into 2025. Were not giving any 2025 guidance today. But as you look at our longer-term guidance, where we have organic revenue growth of 3.5% to 5.5%, plus another 1.5% to 2.5% growth for inorganic growth, we remain on track, and were going to be entering 2025 with real momentum and strength. As I think about the central laboratory business, it continues to perform very well. Central laboratory had very strong growth year-over-year of 9%. I would say that, thats based off of an easy compare last year because as you recall last year, there was a lot of sites that didnt have the ability to enroll patients. They have staffing issues and so forth. But as we look forward into the future and I look at the longer-term guidance for BLS, I expect central labs will be consistent with that guidance and show continued growth. If you look at the central lab books, we have solid orders, we have good, consistent win rates and we are a leader in that field. And in that field, the majority of our business is with larger pharma. Its much less with the smaller biotechnology companies.
Ann Hynes: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lisa Gill of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Lisa.
Lisa Gill: Good morning, Adam and Glenn. Just wanted to follow-up on Invitae and the margin progression. So you talked about the impact in the quarter. As I think about going into 2025, like how should I think about, one, that margin progression? And then secondly, is there anything to call out when you think about the mix in the diagnostics business? And we look at the price per rack coming in much better than what we had anticipated in our model.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So let me start first with Invitae. So we continue to be really excited about their science, their genetic testing solutions and technology that they have and it really aligns with us strategically. The integration is going extremely well. Were on track with all the integration metrics that we have in place. If you look at the financial metrics, were performing as we expected based upon what we provided guidance last quarter. And as you look at this year, we expect that therell be an impact of about 40 basis points negative, but as we go into next year we expect Invitae to be slightly accretive. So you can assume if its negative in the first two quarters of the launch, and its slightly accretive for the full year that it will take us a little bit of time as we go through the year before you see that accretion occur. But overall, we remain very bullish about that acquisition and the revenue growth will be about 10% as we think about next year as well. And then in terms of mix, Ill ask Glenn to provide some comments.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. First, just also just wrapping up on the Invitae as well as Adam commented that yes, we would expect margin improvement sequentially going forward. So each quarter that we have as we integrate the business, it will improve will still show negative comps on margin year-on-year through the first half of next year just until it annualizes. And then Lisa, once its annualized, youd expect to see that margin improvement or be a tailwind to margins beginning in the second half of next year. With the price mix, we actually had a good top line growth within diagnostics overall. If you look at our base business organically, we grew around 6%, and that was pretty evenly split between utilization. Volume was up around 2.7%, and even that was constrained by weather of around 40 basis points. But to your earlier comment, the mix impact, we were up around 3%. And really, what drove that this quarter more than anything was the in-hospital lab management agreements, which we continue to do, and we treat that as price mix, but weve also seen a steady increase in our test per session, which weve seen over time that continues to progress and we continue to see growth in more of our esoteric business growing faster than our routine. So really, the combination of those three things is what drove the favorable mix this quarter.
Lisa Gill: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Cherny of Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Cherny: Good morning, everyone. Thank you so much for taking the question. Maybe to comment the margin question a different way. I know its hard just because moving pieces, especially stuff I would say is out of your control, obviously, Invitae. But as you think about the savings that youve been able to generate on the cost side, as you think about where youve landed, I think I heard 120 basis points of underlying margin expansion in your view [indiscernible] weather, et cetera. Where you think have been the most successful sources of margin expansion? How do we think about the pull-through on what still remains an elevated revenue growth level on incremental pull-through versus restructuring? And I guess to Lisas question a little bit, how do we think about the cost-cutting impacts of above and beyond Invitae playing forward into 2025, both within LaunchPad and outside?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. So Michael, Ill take a first cut of it and Adam may want to add as well. But we actually do feel very good about the underlying performance of the company. And to your point, we have a bunch of headwinds that weve identified that we call obviously, would be more nonoperational, the strategic acquisition that we did with Invitae, the impact of weather and this quarter and actually will also have a quarter impact in the fourth quarter from just days, so kind of timing related. And so that gets to that 120 basis point expansion that you commented about. But the underlying business, when we take those out and also we obviously still have a little bit of a headwind from COVID testing, thats now leveled off, but still year-over-year, its a negative impact. But the underlying business, were benefiting from the top line growth. Were benefiting from our LaunchPad initiatives. Were still on track to $100 million to $125 million of our LaunchPad savings. So as we think about operating leverage, ideally, we target kind of around a gross margin. When you kind of peel out those unusual items, if you will, or the headwinds that we had, were operating in the high 20s, and frankly, a little stronger even in the third quarter. But were kind of in the ballpark of our gross margins. So we think underlying our business where we need to be. Whats interesting as well is a lot of the headwinds that were having this year in 2024 will become tailwinds to our margins next year. So we still expect our underlying performance to be good. But then when you think about Invitae, when you think about days, obviously, if we would have normal weather, all those three headwinds that we had this year will become tailwinds to margins next year.
Adam Schechter: And the only thing I would add to that is when we talk about LaunchPad, it really is continuous improvement. And we know as we go into the future, were going to have to continually find ways to reduce costs to improve margins. And I think with all the work that were doing with technology, with some of the work that were doing with artificial intelligence, we see other opportunities now above and beyond what weve talked about in the past to continue to find ways to reduce costs moving forward. So thats just something thats built into our DNA as a company, and were going to continue to find ways to reduce costs where we can.
Michael Cherny: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly of Citi. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Patrick.
Patrick Donnelly: Hi, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to just ask on the diagnostics business. Just the core utilization trends you guys are seeing, obviously, again, the weather impact moves things around a little bit. But what youre seeing there and just the expectations going forward, certainly, looking eyes are turning towards 2025, as you talked a little bit about here. Any reason why you wouldnt kind of be inside that LRP as you think about utilization rate and heading into next year?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Patrick, as you look at utilization rates, we certainly see acceleration in healthcare overall. And the question is with what hospitals have seen and other parts of healthcare, will that continue? I would expect at some point that will slow down a bit to more historic levels. But at the same time, with our business, I believe were seeing share increases in particular as we do more of these hospital deals and the local regional laboratory deals. So when you look at our longer-term guidance for diagnostics, we expect organic revenue growth of 2.5% to 4.5%. And then on top of that, inorganic, which weve actually increased our longer-term inorganic growth expectations, historically, it was 1% to 2%, now we have it at 1.5% to 2.5%. So when you look at those numbers, I would tell you that we expect continued strong momentum as we move forward with the business.
Patrick Donnelly: Great, thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erin Wright of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Erin.
Erin Wright: Thanks. Good morning. You spoke to some of the pricing dynamics in ASPs, but I guess, how would you characterize just underlying kind of current payer relationships in the pricing environment around those? And I think you have a new Blues relationship. I guess anything else to call out, or what does that add for you or anything else to call out from a payer relationship standpoint? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Yes, sure. No, we continue to feel very good about our managed care discussions and the contracts that weve negotiated. Were very confident that the renewals that weve secured are good terms. And if you look across everything weve done this year, we believe, as we move forward, net-net, were neutral to slightly positive, which historically, that has not been the case. So, I feel great about the different managed care discussions that weve had this year. Our position as we go into 2025 is strong. I dont see any major contracts that Im concerned about. So I think that the momentum will continue.
Erin Wright: Great. And then on early development, I guess, can you parse out a little bit more how youre thinking about the quarterly progression from here? Just given some of the lumpiness across kind of that business, I guess, how are you thinking about the longer-term performance across early development, has anything changed in terms of your long-term goals and then how you get to kind of that fourth quarter ramp? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So Ill give some comments and Ill ask for Glenn to jump in as well. If you look at our early development business, we certainly saw sequential positive growth in terms of revenue. We saw less of a decline in third quarter as a percent that we saw in second quarter. As we move into fourth quarter, we have good insight to the studies are underway. Its not like we have to get new studies to understand what fourth quarter is going to look like. Based upon what we see today, we expect that there will be growth in early development in the fourth quarter. Now to be fair, its off of a relatively easy comparison versus fourth quarter of last year. And as we go into next year, and the book-to-bill continues to build, and the cancellations continue to hold, then we would expect to see growth as well, but also based upon an easier compare because this year, it continued to struggle for several quarters. So over time, we continue to have good expectations for that business. We are a leader in that field. I believe that the biotechnology companies with interest rates should continue to do well. And over time, that business has had some cyclical ups and downs, but over time, its a very good business.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. The only thing Id add is as you think about even just the segment, the implied guide for the fourth quarter is revenue growth of call it, 9.5%. So obviously, a lot stronger, around six points higher than what we had for the first nine months. Currency is around two points of that. But the underlying 4% really the strong improvement is being driven off of early development. You would have seen that on a, call it, the nine months, were down around 11% in early development business, but we expect positive year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter. And as Adam said, we have a soft comp in the fourth quarter. But more importantly, we saw sequential growth in ED in the third quarter from the second. We expect to see sequential growth again in the fourth quarter. Obviously, given the time of the year with the fourth quarter, were effectively now executing on our backlog where this is in the business a little bit more difficult to forecast because of the short nature of the studies. So, you count on the new business coming in to turn into revenues in the same quarter. So, we feel pretty good about the outlook, the growth. And as Adam said, the long term for biopharma, were looking kind of at the midpoint of our growth rate of 6%. So, were already there and doing well within Central Lab. ED, obviously, is now going to be positive, and you would expect given the lower comp, there to be even a little bit higher growth rates over the next couple of years coming from ED, including from the margins. Again, one of the benefits of the tailwinds as we think about 2025 just with that top line growth well also get positive margin improvement there as well.
Erin Wright: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Westenberg of Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, David.
David Westenberg: Hey good morning. And thank you for taking the question. So, just another one on the LRP and as we look into next year, I mean, it sounds like you have a lot of favorable things in the environment. You raised your inorganic outlook because of lab acquisitions, PAMA looks like its on hold for next year. Biotech funding is at least not getting worse. Is there anything else to flag in the industry or Labcorp specific that would might be a surprise into the LRP? And then can you just remind us the factors associated with the high end and the low end of the LRP, because it definitely seems like all of the macro factors are working kind of in the favor? Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So again, without giving specific 2025 guidance today, which well give in February of next year, we have momentum. And you can feel the momentum youve seen over the past few quarters. Diagnostics business continues to perform well, both organically and inorganically, central laboratories performing well and ED will be back to growth. As I think about PAMA, we still have an impact of PAMA in the longer-term guidance. And we just pushed it out a year. There is another year. So, if PAMA were to be pushed out again, obviously, that would have a positive impact on our longer-term guidance. But until such a point I am confident that there wont be an impact of PAMA in 2026. We continue to keep it in our longer-term guidance and model. We continue to watch the broader trends, the utilization rates the business development that were doing and the trends remain strong. So, barring surprises, we remain confident as we look at the momentum we have.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, I would agree. The other thing, as you look at normally the upside on ranges in the downside, obviously, is demand driven to get to the upside or maybe some unforeseen headwinds. And as Adam said, where we sit today and is, again, well comment more about 2025, which would be the second year into our long-term ranges, if you will. We feels very good about the ranges just even from a just general profile of kind of that mid-single-digit top line growth organically, margin improvement, capital allocation that will help fuel top line growth through acquisitions as well as strong cash for free cash flow to get to a double-digit earnings per share kind of growth profile. So, we feel very good. And even with some of the headwinds, tailwinds, as Adam said, we got the benefit from PAMA being delayed, but still within the range from a margin profile and revenue. And the flip side is on Invitae, a strategic deal we did, but that would be call it, dilutive to the margins, if you will, relative to our general profile that we would put in there. So overall, net-net, we feel pretty good about the ranges that we have.
David Westenberg: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jack Meehan of Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Meehan: Good morning. I wanted to start with Invitae. For Glen, within the M&A contribution in the quarter, can you just call out how much of the sales came from Invitae? I penciled in $45 million. Is that a good bogey? And then for Adam, the hereditary market is pretty competitive, just any perspective in the early days of the deal how any share shifts are going? Thank you.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, Ill take the Jack, the first one on Invitae. And Adam, I think, mentioned it in his opening comments, were pretty much in line with expectations. So, we originally said that for the year, we pick up around 120-ish of revenues, and it would be weighted kind of 50% and 70% between the third and the fourth. So your number for the third is in line with what our expectation is. But across the board for Invitae, we feel very good about the integration thats going on, what was expected and continue to drive to get that to be obviously positive from an earnings and a margin standpoint next year.
Adam Schechter: And Jeff, with regard to the [indiscernible] market, and weve been competing in that market for quite some time. Invitae was an additional way for us to be a larger competitor in that market. So we know it well. We know how to compete in it. We know how to win in it. Its still early days, frankly, when you look at revenue, but so far so good. And our customers seem to be pleased to now have Labcorp testing capabilities available to them. Were continuing to work on the customer experience, so it could become much easier for the customers over time to order directly all the tests that they might want for a patient for womens health or for oncology. So I think over time, were going to continue to do very well. The 10% growth that we expect in revenue is almost what the market is growing. So my hope is, over time, well be able to accelerate that. But in the meantime, were basically saying were going to grow at about the market rate.
Jack Meehan: Awesome. One follow-up for Glenn. Just with all the debt refinancing underway, could you just share like  and I am sorry if I missed this in the opening remarks, what your forecast was for interest expense this year? And is there any color you can share online what the moving parts would suggest number might be for 2025? Thank you.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, Jack, I think on our last call, when we knew we were going through the financings at that time, we kind of talked just in line of around $210 million of interest expense for this year, growing to $240 million. We did all of our financings, we actually feel good about where we came out. We raised the $2 billion of debt. We actually had an order book of over $8.5 billion. So, we were able to get tighter pricing, and we hit the market at a good time. So directionally, I assume that were coming in a little bit better on the interest expense this year. And therefore, and next, obviously, the bulk of it will be annualized for next year, but the year-over-year change should be comparable, but the overall  the absolute number should be a little bit favorable to what we shared before.
Jack Meehan: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pito Chickering of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning Pito.
Pito Chickering: Hey good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question. If I could ask a managed care question, slightly different than Erins. A competitor this week is talking about expanding a deal with a large national payer in three states, where it looks like you had an exclusive deal and then losing a state or it looks like you won. So, looking at the total volumes with managed care for 2025, will there be headwinds or tailwinds with the contract movements that is occurring for next year?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So Peter, as you look across all of our contracts that we negotiated as we went through this year, net-net I think, it looks really good. And in fact, its going to be neutral to slightly positive for us. If you look at areas in general, I prefer nonexclusive contracts overall. And Ive been saying that for five years now, because I think when you have exclusive contracts with managed organizations, it just leads to price erosion every three or four years. Whereas if you have open contracts, I think, you can compete in the marketplace, and we compete very well in the marketplace. And when exclusive contracts open up, typically the rate structures change as well. So, theres not significant downside in many ways in that case also. So I feel very good about our managed care position, I feel very good about the momentum that we have in managed care as we go into next year.
Pito Chickering: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Andrew Brackmann of William Blair. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Hi.
Andrew Brackmann: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions Adam. Adam, maybe just following up on your comments related to the oncology offering. You guys have expanded that portfolio nicely over the last few years. So, can you maybe just sort of talk about the trends you saw this quarter in those advanced cancer tests? And just how are you sort of thinking about future growth there over the coming quarters and years? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Yes. No, thank you, Andrew. If you look at oncology, I mean, we really do have a very broad menu of oncology offerings. Whether it be the basic testing and routine testing that you need for oncologists or it be the more esoteric testing, whether it be liquid biopsy, solid tumors, we continue to have a very strong broad portfolio. When I think about oncology, I dont look at any one test as the answer for how were doing. I look across all of the oncology business that we have. And if you look across our business, were seeing that business grow faster than our underlying routine testing business. In general, esoteric testing is growing faster. And I think what you want to make sure of is that when you offer a very high esoteric oncology test, a physician has the ability to order all the other tests that they may want. And we can put yourself in a physician shoes and you say, do I want to go to multiple different ordering systems to order all the different tests that I might need for an oncology patient, or do I want to have one system and get one report with all the results on it versus getting multi reports across different systems. I think the advantage that we have over time is the full portfolio of oncology offerings. So what I look at is not only the individual offerings that we have, but how do we do across the entire portfolio, including routine tests that you would do from housing patients white blood cell counts and so forth. So overall, its a very good franchise for us. I expect it to grow faster than the overall underlying rate of diagnostics, and it will continue to be an area of focus.
Andrew Brackmann: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo of UBS. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Caliendo: Good morning guys. Thanks for fitting me. And I appreciate it. I just wanted to make clear up a couple of things that I have questions on. The 80 basis points margin that you called out for Diagnostics ex-weather and Invitae thats a fantastic number. Wasnt there also a negative impact from calendar and sort of payroll days and the like as well? Like would the margin have actually been better like-for-like?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, Kevin, when we gave the 80 basis point improvement, excluding we did include the days.
Kevin Caliendo: Okay.
Glenn Eisenberg: So Invitae, weather and days combined for, call it, 210 basis point headwind. So we would have been up 80, but thats still absorbing, call it, 30 basis point impact from COVID as well. But thats why when we talk about the underlying improvement in our margins, we feel good about how the business is performing. We just have these headwinds that again next year, well totally turn to tailwinds.
Kevin Caliendo: Well, that was sort of my first follow-up, was fourth quarter we should have a little bit of this. And then next year, can you sort of quantify what the calendar, at least in the payroll might be like in terms of a positive? Is it a couple of days? Like how should we think about that?
Glenn Eisenberg: So, the big impact this year was we had two days of unfavorable payroll. Next year, well have one day of favorable payroll.
Kevin Caliendo: Okay.
Glenn Eisenberg: So, it will be a positive year-over-year in 2025.
Kevin Caliendo: Great. Okay. Thats super helpful. And just one thing on Invitae I wanted to clarify. I understand that there is accretion. Is that in absolute dollars, meaning next year, if Invitae was just the stand-alone, it would actually be AOI-positive, or is the accretion just on a year-over-year basis versus the dilution that youre seeing in the third and fourth quarters? [Indiscernible] positive?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, Kevin, when we say that Invitae will be accretive in 2025, thats on a stand-alone business funded fully burdened with the cost for the acquisition. So slightly accretive last year, where it dipped for the next year, where its dilutive this year. When we talk about margins, similarly, we expect to have, obviously, positive margins, generating positive earnings. So, in the first half of the year, margins will still be, even though that they are positive, therell still be a headwind to overall margins. Theyre not back up to Diagnostics margins in the first half. But then once we get into the second half of the year, theyll start to be positive for Diagnostics year-over-year, because well be comping to negative margins where now theyre positive margins, but accretive to earnings in absolute terms.
Kevin Caliendo: Perfect. Thats great. And one last quick one. LaunchPad versus inflationary pressures. I know there was a period of time when LaunchPad wasnt necessarily able to keep up. Was it able to keep up in 3Q? Do you anticipate LaunchPad hitting its targets being at least being able to offset the wage and inflationary pressures?
Glenn Eisenberg: Weve actually been tracking pretty good. That $100 million to $125 million of your of LaunchPad savings is comparable to kind of a little bit over 3%, call it, merit increase. This year, again, personnel costs were higher in part because of the days. But when you take out days, you just focus on the merit LaunchPad does track and help offset those costs.
Kevin Caliendo: Guys thanks so much. Super helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. I have a question about your consumer business. Obviously, that continues to show some nice momentum. Can you talk about sort of your expectations for that as we sort of round out this part of the year and sort of where we should think about out from sort of a margin contribution perspective?
Adam Schechter: Yes, so if you look at our consumer business, Ill focus on Labcorp OnDemand. We continue to add testing options on the OnDemand system. So we announced two new ones in the quarter, Luteinizing Hormone as well as Syphilis, and we launched a couple of tests last quarter, and were going to continue to look for a new test to bring into that platform. We dont break out the revenue for OnDemand because its still not of a material amount that makes sense for us to break out. But the growth rate of that business is pretty substantial. And if it does reach a point or when it does reach a point where we think its worthwhile to model and to provide for your models, well break it out at that time. But were going to continue to add test. It continues to grow well. Its just not a critical mass yet.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. And then just from a margin perspective, is that  is it sort of  like how do we think about those margins like vis-a-vis the corporate average? I know, as you said, its still small, but just think content.
Glenn Eisenberg: And again, its kind of like that, Elizabeth. Given the size of it relative to the big business we have, it doesnt round really on the margins. Obviously, were making investments in that part of the business that will help fuel the growth, but you wont really see the impact on the margin.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Coldwell of Baird. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning Eric. Eric?
Operator: Eric your line is open. If you are muted please un-mute.
Eric Coldwell: Can you hear me now?
Operator: We can hear you now.
Adam Schechter: Good morning Eric.
Eric Coldwell: Hey, good morning guys. Sorry about that. So if youll allow me to squeeze in two quick ones. First, just Street is a little bit focused on your relationship with Walgreens. I dont think youve mentioned that on this call, but obviously, Walgreens is closing a number of stores over the next few years. And I think you have about 400 million units in those stores today. So just any comments on that and where that relationship is? And then second, on the employer testing-related business, I know youve been reluctant to really highlight some of these nitpicky things that are smaller. But thats obviously been a headwind, and I think masking some have been better growth, but when will those comps possibly normalize? When do think you get to more of a basal rate in the employer testing facing businesses? And might that also be a favorable comp for 2025.
Adam Schechter: Okay. So let me start with the Walgreens question first. I mean we continue to have a good relationship with Walgreens. We started the relationship back in 2017, and it continues to be a very good discussion between our teams. Obviously, theyre making some strategic decisions. The good news for us is that weve increased our capabilities at our stand-alone service centers. So, if you look at the technology weve added, the ability for people to check in ability for people to check in remotely. Weve done a lot. So, the NPS scores of our standalone PSCs have actually increased over time and they continue to increase. So at this point, we do have about 400 PSCs, service centers in Walgreens. We expect that many of those, if not all of those, will continue as we make their decisions. If we have to stand up so stand-alone PSCs, its not a problem for us to do it. We know how to do it. We do that all the time. We forgot employer testing. For us, its still a relatively small part of our business. We do continue to see strain in that business and the comps are still difficult, but its so small. Its not worth for us to break it out. In terms of overlapping, its hard to say. Its hard to say what the bottom could be, to be honest. But I dont think it will add much positive or negative as we think about 2025.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Yes, Id agree that its definitely, when you think about the strength of our organic demand and volume this year, thats with the headwind of Employer Services. So again, it speaks to, its not a big headwind, but similarly as we go next year, even though we would hope and expect to see improvement or youre not going to see a big tailwind from that as well.
Eric Coldwell: Im not overly worried about the Walgreens situation. But if I could just ask, would it not make sense that perhaps youre in some of their better and higher traffic stores, i.e., those less likely to be facing closures?
Adam Schechter: So, when we work with them to the size of the stores that we choose, we do choose stores that are mutually beneficial to them and to us. So, areas where they see a lot of volume stores where they know that if they have a service internet, theyll get more volume in a high-volume store. So, when we first choose those and chose the 400, we were very deliberate. We worked very closely with them to strategically choose those stores. Thats why I feel pretty good about where we are with them.
Glenn Eisenberg: And also, Eric, from that, to the extent it would be  a store would be impacted where we would have a patient service center well have the opportunity to find another store with them to go into that were not that could be in close proximity or well also have the option of just setting up a patient service center in that location that would be outside of where they are. But to your point, were not expecting many to be impacted, but frankly, we just dont know yet. And once we do, well adapt from it.
Eric Coldwell: Perfect. Well thanks for being a ray of sunshine in a tough healthcare services world. Good job.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephanie Davis of Barclays. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Stephanie.
Stephanie Davis: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question guys. I was hoping we could dig into BLS again. There has been some noise in the market around pricing with some of your peers. So. I was hoping just given the upside you comment on what youre seeing in pricing, maybe why it differentiates. And any further color you can give around some of the metrics around orders and cancellations? Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Sure. So, let me start with the second question first. So, if you look at our trailing 12-month book-to-bill is a 1.02. Thats with the quarter being at 0.96. So, we had a relatively easy compare versus the same quarter last year. The book-to-bill remains healthy for both businesses. We have good, consistent win rates, we have solid orders across the businesses, so I feel good as I look into the future for those businesses. The thing I would say is the quarterly book-to-bill changes. So, it was an easy compare this quarter versus last quarter. In fourth quarter, we expect to have sequential growth versus this quarter in dollars and also in terms of the book-to-bill for the quarter, but it can be a very rough comparator versus fourth quarter of last year. Then if you look at the first quarter of this year versus 2025, it will be a much easier comparison. So, what I would say is, overall, the book-to-bill remains healthy, but you do see fluctuations quarter-over-quarter, and thats going to continue for the next couple of quarters and moving forward. With regard to pricing, Ill start with our early development business. In general, when capacity is not fully utilized, you see some pricing pressure. We see some pricing pressure. But at the same time, because the price of NHPs have come down pretty significantly, and the NHP prices dont impact us because it was just a pass-through for us, our customers are seeing a price decrease just based upon the cost of the NHPs, which I think helps us with some of the pressures that theyre feeling. And in Central Laboratories, we continue to have some longer-term contracts over time, we have lots of long-term agreements. So, there is always going to be pricing pressure there. Were going to always look for ways to discuss as we face those pressures. But overall, net-net, the momentum in Central Lab is very strong and we expect the early development business to be back to growth next quarter.
Stephanie Davis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Ryskin of Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Kim: Hey, good morning. This is John Kim for Michael. So, Invitae seems to be progressing well. So looking ahead, you talked about the M&A contribution to still be 1.5% to 2.5% here. Where will your priorities lie, is there perhaps like any geographical exposure that you would want to increase?
Adam Schechter: Hi, John. What I would say is we continue to have a very deep business development pipeline. Vast, vast majority of it is in hospital and health systems, local and regional laboratories. And thats where our focus is when it comes to deals. Were looking for things that are accretive in the first year, return our cost of capital in two or three years that we know how to integrate really, really well. What Id say is something like Invitae is not typical. We dont typically do a deal that would be dilutive in the first year. Those are not the types of deals that we would typically be interested in. If its strategically aligned and a one-off well consider it. But in general, what were really looking for are those hospital regional, local laboratories.
John Kim: Got it, understood. And then also great to hear that the LaunchPad savings are on track to offset the wage inflation, but wanted to ask how the frontline work over to an over rate has been like.
Glenn Eisenberg: Again, the LaunchPad is being very effective in helping offset the wage rate. We have seen improved, call it, attrition, especially within our biopharma side, kind of back to normal levels of pre-pandemic. Weve seen nice progress within the Diagnostics side of our business. But to your point, in select areas, especially the frontline workers, it is more competitive. They have a lot of other choices to try to find higher hourly rates at different industry even not necessarily just what we do here. So, we continue to work hard on making it a good inclusive experience. We are focused on our teams. Obviously, the longer we keep people working for us, the more loyalty and the more likely they stay. So, overall, its being managed. It is part of the overall increase in the labor environment costs, but we continue to make progress on it.
John Kim: Got it. Appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Brian.
Unidentified Analyst : Hey guys, this is Megan [ph] on for Brian. Thanks for taking the question at the end here. Can you guys just speak to your M&A pipeline? You guys obviously had a lot of deals over the last year. Wed like to just know kind of if you have any visibility on what thats going to look like in 2025.
Adam Schechter: Yes, hi, Megan. So, we continue to be very optimistic about our pipeline of deals, particularly in a hospital local regional laboratory businesses. And if you look at what weve said thats going to happen in our longer-term outlook, weve actually increased the revenue growth thats going to come from the acquisition strategy that we have. So, we expect historically, the inorganic growth to be 1% to 2%. Weve actually raised that in our longer-term guidance where its now going to be 1.5% to 2.5%. Historically, it was 1% to 2%, now its 1.5% to 2.5%. I think that just shows our confidence in the pipeline of deals that we have. Its impossible to predict the exact timing. So, I look forward to talking about those in the future.
Unidentified Analyst : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. At this time, Id like to turn it back to Adam Schechter for closing remarks.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, everybody, for joining us today. And I hope you see we continue to advance our mission to improve health and improve lives, and we look forward to updating you on our fourth quarter and full-year 2024 financial results as we get into the year. I look forward to seeing you all soon. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Labcorp Holdings Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Christin ODonnell, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Christin ODonnell : Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to Labcorps Second Quarter 2024 Conference Call. As detailed in todays press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com, we posted both our press release and an Investor Relations presentation with additional information on our business operations, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures both of which are discussed during todays call. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the estimated 2024 guidance and the related assumptions, the spin-off of Fortrea Holdings, Inc., the impact of various factors on the companys businesses, operating and financial results, cash flows and/or financial condition including the COVID-19 pandemic and global economic and market conditions, future business strategies, expected savings, benefits and synergies from the LaunchPad initiative and from acquisitions and other strategic transactions and partnerships, the completed holding company reorganization and opportunities for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements is subject to change based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control. More information is included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in the companys other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now Ill turn the call over to Adam Schechter.
Adam Schechter : Thank you, Christin, and good morning, everyone. Its really a pleasure to be here with you today. We look forward to sharing our strong results for the quarter, our updated 2024 outlook and progress on our strategy. Lets turn now to our financial results. In the second quarter, revenue totaled $3.2 billion. Adjusted earnings per share was $3.94 and free cash flow from continuing operations was $433 million. Enterprise revenue increased 6% compared to the second quarter of 2023. Diagnostics revenue was up 8%, driven by strong organic growth and acquisitions. Central Laboratories growth was strong at 9%, partially offset by a decline in early development of 15%, resulting in biopharma laboratory services up 1%. The book-to-bill for early development was strong, with higher orders and lower cancellations, and we expect the business to be back to growth towards the end of the year. Adjusted EPS were up 15% and enterprise margins were up slightly. Margins in biopharma increased, while margins in Diagnostics were flat which reflects the impact of a cyber event that affected a large partner. We continue to execute well on our strategic priorities through the following: Being a partner of choice for health systems and regional local laboratories, harnessing science and innovation to develop and launch new tests in important therapeutic areas, and by utilizing data and technology to bring important services and capabilities to our customers. We are confident in the success of Labcorp in the months and quarters ahead with strong growth in diagnostics and biopharma laboratory services. Glenn will provide more details on our results and 2024 outlook in just a moment. The 2024 outlook reflects the anticipated close of Invite next week. In the second quarter, Labcorp continued to advance in our strategic growth areas. First, we continue to maintain a leadership position as a partner of choice for health systems and regional local laboratories. Following the quarter end, Labcorp entered into a comprehensive strategic collaboration with Naples Comprehensive Healthcare located in Florida to manage its inpatient lab operations and to serve as the primary lab later this summer. Were also on track to close the previously announced acquisition of select assets of BioReference Health Diagnostics business by the end of the third quarter. We continue to have a very strong business development pipeline, and we look forward to sharing more of those details in the future. We also announced the acquisition of select assets of Invitae, a leading medical genetics company. Were excited about Invitaes complementary cutting-edge science genetic testing solutions and technology, which aligns strategically with our focus on specialty testing and oncology. Together, we will work with our customers to utilize genetic insights to develop new treatments and to deliver personalized care in oncology and in select rare diseases. Upon closing the transaction, we anticipate the first 12 months will provide revenue of $275 million to $300 million. And the first year will be dilutive by approximately 3%. Weve included $120 million of revenue in 2024 and the vast majority of dilution in 2024. We expect it to be accretive for 2025 and with top line growth of more than 10% per year. We have a very strong integration team in place with members from both Labcorp and Invitae. We will move quickly and thoughtfully to reduce costs without impacting the great science and the great customer experience that Invitae provides today. Also, we anticipate Invitae will benefit from the full scale and breadth of Labcorps platform as a global leader in laboratory services. We have great respect for Invitaes capabilities and team, and we look forward to welcoming our new colleagues to Labcorp. As we advance our growth strategy, we continue to make great strides and expanding our testing solutions. In April, Labcorp received FDA approval as the amenitarian-use device for its companion diagnostic to determine patient eligibility for treatment with Pfizers gene therapy for hemophilia B. This is expected to expand Labcorps leadership in [indiscernible] medicine and in gene therapy. We introduced the first trimester screening test to assess preeclampsia risk during pregnancy. It is the only test of its kind available in the United States available for order by physicians for their patients. including those with a low to average risk for preeclampsia or first-time pregnancies. Roughly 1 in 25 presidencies in the United States is affected by the condition. And with this test, Labcorp is the only lab that can detect preeclampsia risk across all trimesters of pregnancy. We announced several new strategic service offerings with our precision oncology portfolio. extending our leadership in oncology. Our comprehensive genomic profiling service, Labcorp Tissue Complete is now available through our laboratory network centers in Geneva and Shanghai to support global PINNACLE trials. Weve also added OmniSeq Insight circulating tumor DNA to a portfolio of comprehensive genomic profiling services. Together, these solutions support customers as they advance of therapeutic development programs. Lastly, we continue to expand Labcorp on-demand our consumer-initiated testing offering with the launch of several new tests in May and June, including standard drug, complete drug comprehensive testosterone, HIV and complete heart health. We also continue to focus on creating easy-to-use digital technology signutions for our customers. In the quarter, we launched a suite of solutions referred to as Global Trial Connect, aimed at increasing the speed and efficiency of clinical trials. This solution differentiates Labcorp in the market and has been well received by our customers. In closing, Id like to thank our team of more than 65,000 employees around the world. Together, we are focused on our customers achieving our financial commitments and making meaningful progress on our strategy, we have strong momentum and significant growth opportunities ahead of us. With that, Ill turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg : Thank you, Adam. Im going to start my comments with a review of our second quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with an update on our full year guidance. For reference, weve also included additional business information that can be found in our supplemental deck on our Investor Relations website. Revenue for the quarter was $3.2 billion, an increase of 6.2% compared to last year, primarily due to organic base business growth and the impact from acquisitions, partially offset by lower COVID testing and foreign exchange. The base business grew 6.9% compared to the base business last year, driven primarily by organic growth of 4.5%. Operating income for the quarter was $295 million or 9.2% of revenue or 14.9% on an adjusted basis. During the quarter, we had $100 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily related to acquisitions and LaunchPad initiatives. In addition, we had $23 million of expense for the transition service agreements related to the spin of Fortrea with the corresponding income recorded in other income. Excluding these items and amortization of $62 million, adjusted operating income in the quarter was $480 million or 14.9% of revenue. compared to $448 million or 14.8% last year. The increase in operating income and margin was due to the benefit of demand and LaunchPad savings that were partially offset by higher personnel expenses. Our LaunchPad initiative continues to be on track to deliver $100 million to $125 million of savings this year, consistent with our long-term target. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 23% compared to 23.9% last year. The lower adjusted tax rate was primarily due to the geographic mix of earnings and additional R&D tax credits. We continue to expect the full year adjusted tax rate to be approximately 23%. Net earnings from continuing operations for the quarter were $206 million or $2.43 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS were $3.94 in the quarter, up 15% from last year. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was $561 million in the quarter compared to $162 million a year ago. The increase in cash flow was due to cash earnings and working capital. Capital expenditures totaled $128 million in the quarter or 4% of revenue. This compares to $103 million or 3.4% in the prior year. For the full year, we continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately 3.5% of revenue. Free cash flow from continuing operations for the quarter was $433 million. During the quarter, the company invested $34 million in acquisitions, paid out $60 million in dividends and repurchased $100 million of stock. The Board of Directors has approved an increase in its share repurchase authorization by $1 billion to a total of $1.4 billion. At quarter end, we had $265 million in cash, while debt was $5.1 billion. Our leverage was 2.4x gross debt to trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA. We have $2 billion of debt maturing over the next 12 months, and we expect to refinance it later this year. Now Ill review our segment performance, beginning with Diagnostics Laboratories. Revenue for the quarter was $2.5 billion, an increase of 7.9% compared to last year, with organic growth of 4.7% and acquisitions net of divestitures contributing 3.2% and partially offset by foreign currency translation of 0.1%. The base business grew 8.9% compared to the base business last year, driven primarily by organic growth of 5.7%. Total volume increased 5.7% compared to last year. Base business volume grew 6.3% compared to the base business last year as organic volume increased 3.5% while acquisitions contributed 2.9%. Price mix increased 2.1% versus last year due to an organic base business increase that was partially offset by lower COVID testing. Base business organic price/mix was up 2.2% compared to the base business last year. Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $442 million or 17.5% of revenue, compared to $410 million or 17.5% last year. Adjusted operating income was up due to organic demand, acquisitions and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel costs. Operating margins were flat but would have been up approximately 20 basis points, were it not for the impact of a cyber event that affected a large partner. Now Ill review the segment performance in biopharma laboratory services. Revenue for the quarter was $707 million, an increase of 1.1% compared to last year due to an increase in organic revenue of 1.2%, partially offset by foreign currency translation of 0.1%. The revenue growth was driven by continued strength in Central Labs, which was up 9%, while early development was down 15% due to the higher than normal cancellations and lower orders in prior periods. However, we did see a sequential improvement in early development, gross orders and cancellations, which we expect will lead to higher revenues in the second half of the year and deliver year-over-year growth beginning in the fourth quarter. Biopharma adjusted operating income for the quarter was $107 million or 15.2% of revenue compared to $105 million or 15% last year. Adjusted operating income and margin increased due to organic growth and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel costs. We ended the quarter with a backlog of $7.9 billion and we expect approximately $2.5 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. The trailing 12 months book-to-bill held at 1.00 compared to last quarter and is expected to increase in the second half. Now Ill discuss our updated 2024 full year guidance, which assumes foreign exchange rates effective as of June 30, 2024, for the remainder of the year. The enterprise guidance also includes the impact from currently anticipated capital allocation, with free cash flow targeted for acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends. The acquisition of select assets of Invitae, which is expected to close next week, is now included in our guidance for 2024. For the remainder of the year, we expect Invitae to add approximately $120 million in revenue. lower adjusted earnings per share by approximately $0.40 and reduced cash flow by approximately $150 million, primarily due to onetime costs related to retention, severance and integration as well as an increase in working capital. We expect Enterprise revenue to grow 6.4% to 7.5% compared to 2023 versus prior guidance, we are increasing the midpoint 135 basis points with Invitae contributing approximately 100 basis points of the growth. We continue to perform well in Diagnostics. We expect Diagnostics revenue to be up 6.9% to 7.9% compared to 2023. This is an increase at the midpoint from our prior guidance of 200 basis points due to stronger base business demand and invite, which is expected to contribute around 130 basis points of the growth. We expect Biopharma revenue to grow 3.7% to 5% compared to 2023. The decrease at the midpoint from our prior guidance of 35 basis points is due to early development, partially offset by continued strength in central labs. We expect early development to have a slower recovery than previously anticipated, but with year-over-year growth still expected to begin in the fourth quarter. We expect enterprise margins to be flat versus the prior year despite the negative impact from Invitae of approximately 40 basis points. Diagnostics margins are now expected to be down due to the inclusion of Invitae of approximately 60 basis points. We continue to expect margins in biopharma to be up year-over-year. Our guidance range for adjusted EPS is $14.30 to $14.90. We have decreased the midpoint of guidance by $0.30, driven by the expected dilution from Invitae of approximately $0.40 and partially offset by a $0.10 increase in the underlying business. The free cash flow guidance range is now $850 million to $1 billion and includes approximately $150 million of a cash use from Invitae, which is primarily due to onetime costs. Excluding Invitae, the free cash flow guidance range is unchanged from prior guidance. In summary, LabCorp is well positioned for profitable growth, both organically as well as through acquisitions. Were excited about the acquisition of Invitae from both a strategic and financial perspective. Strategically, this strengthens our position in key long-term specialty testing growth areas of oncology and select rare diseases. From a financial perspective, while its dilutive in 2024, we expect it to be accretive in 2025 and deliver a very attractive return on investment as we profitably grow the business. In addition, Labcorp continues to generate strong free cash flow that will be used for acquisitions while returning capital to shareholders through our dividend and share repurchase program. Operator, well now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Michael Cherny of Leerink Partners.
Michael Cherny: Im going to ask 2 questions in one, just to make things easier. First, just can you give a little more color on what youre seeing in terms of the new awards and early development and how you should think about at least from a category disease state perspective, where they should translate into the better growth in the back half of the year? And then just quickly on the Invitae accretion estimate for 25, I think thats a little faster than anticipated. Can you just give us some of the qualitative dynamics behind what youre doing to get that to be such a strong EPS contributor next year?
Adam Schechter : Yes, sure. So first of all, if you look at the business in terms of biopharma laboratory services. We had very strong growth in our central laboratories of about 9%, and early development declined 15%. Both of those businesses are leaders in their respective markets. We believe we reached the trough for early development, and thats based upon the cancellations that we spoke about in the past. If you look at the book-to-bill for the quarter, it was strong, and it was strong for several reasons. Number one, because the orders were strong. But importantly, number two, because there were significantly less cancellations than what weve seen in prior quarters. So thats what gives us the confidence for the improved performance that we expect in the early development as we go throughout the year. With regard to Invitae accretion in 2025, we said from the beginning that we were going to use calendar months because we didnt know the exact timing of closing. And we said it would be dilutive in the first 12 months and accretive in the second 12 months. Its closing a bit faster than we originally anticipated, which is good because well be able to move quicker. Thats why you see a bit more dilution in 2024 than you may have anticipated, but thats also why it becomes accretive in 2025.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Brackmann of William Blair.
Andrew Brackmann : Maybe just sticking on invite here for a minute. Adam, in your prepared remarks, I think you said that you expect it to benefit from your breadth and scale. So anything that you can share about customer or account overlap there, which sort of drives that confidence? Just trying to get a sense of that opportunity.
Adam Schechter : Yes, absolutely. Its an exciting time, and we spent a lot of time with our colleagues that will be coming over for Invitae. And first and foremost, the sales organization is very excited. Theyre excited because they now have a broader portfolio of products. Its one thing to go into an office and talk about inherited cancers. Its another thing to say, but you can also test for all the other things that you may want to test that patient for. And ultimately, were going to try to bring that all together so the physician can order directly through one tool and get whatever they need for the patients. So the sales organization is very excited about the breadth of what theyll bring into those customers. In addition to that, we have such strong partnerships that are abroad at LabCorp. Were hoping to be able to use those partnerships and have discussions with them about our new offering through Invitae. So although weve not built in significant upside for the future with the new customers, we may be able to bring additional tests to. We believe that this market is going to grow significantly faster than other markets that we compete in, and we believe that therell be more than 10% growth in this market versus other markets as we go forward. So we think its a very exciting opportunity as we go forward. Were excited about welcoming our new colleagues. Theyre excited about being part of Labcorp, and were going to move extraordinarily fast but thoughtful.
Andrew Brackmann : Perfect. And then, Glenn, maybe 1 for you on the balance sheet. Thanks for the reminder on the $2 billion maturing here over the next 12 months. Anything that you can share as it relates to your expectations for the potential rate increases there or even any other alternatives that might be out there to potentially lower that increase?
Glenn Eisenberg : Yes, Andrew. Yes, its our expectation that we will refinance all of the debt. Were not going to look to pay it down. We have around $1 billion of it due between now and the end of the year, starting actually in September and then $1 billion thats due in February. We expect to refinance all of that this year. Obviously, the markets have improved nicely. So well have that done. For modeling purposes, if you wanted to look at kind of the net interest expense line, we will refinance, obviously, at a light higher rate than whats maturing. Our net interest expense this year directionally will come in at around $210 million. And then obviously, once its annualized for next year, that will tick up to maybe around $240 million. Again, well see ultimately when we go into the markets. But right now, the markets look pretty attractive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Coldwell of Baird.
Eric Coldwell : So 2 questions. First one is -- should be pretty quick here. Early development positive to hear about the order flow and the lower cancels, and I can see your revenue guidance for the fourth quarter, if youre expecting growth, that one is pretty easy to get to. But I am curious what is the ramp of the phasing of the ramp from 2Q to 4Q? Is it split the difference between [ 213 ] plus in the fourth quarter and what you did here in the second quarter? Or is it more of a hockey stick into the fourth? Maybe just I dont know if you could parse out your revenue expectation between early development and Central Lab for the full year. That might be another way of doing this. And then Ill come back on my second.
Glenn Eisenberg : Eric, its Glenn. Ill take a first cut. But overall, again, we feel good about how were positioned now within the biopharma group and Central Lab clearly has had a very strong first half, and we expect that to continue. Whats interesting is the growth rate that we had in the first half benefited a little bit based upon the comp we had a year ago, given some softness in the investigator sites with some labor constraints but a solid first half, and we expect a more normalized growth rate within the Central Lab in the second half. The flip side is within ED, again, we are seeing a little bit of a slower recovery. But based upon in Adams remarks with a stronger order book in the quarter with cancellations coming back down to more normal, we feel confident that well see sequential improvement in the revenues of ED in both the third and the fourth. So not kind of the hockey stick, but a continued progression but that in the fourth quarter, well now start to see favorable comps year-on-year. So an improved outlook in the third, but still down year-on-year for ED, but in the fourth and improved revenues with positive comps.
Eric Coldwell : Okay. Great. And then just a quick one, I almost am reluctant to bring it up since you didnt bring it up, but your competitor had a bit of an update on the employer market, drug testing and being testing for employers. You did not call that out today, but I am curious if you could give any additional comments on your business, there may be a little bit of sizing data and what youre seeing in those respective markets on the employer side.
Adam Schechter : Yes. So, weve seen a decrease in employer side. But its not that big or material to us, that was something we would call out. But theres no doubt that youre seeing as some employers havent fully come back to work. They dont have the events that they used to have for wellness. Sometimes theyre not doing the vaccinations that they used to do in office spaces. But its less than 5% of our business. So its not material to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson of Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson : I have 1 question about sort of each part of your business. But if we think about the beat in the quarter, it may be slightly different than some of your internal assumptions and you kind of flowed through the core non-Invitae EPS by $0.10 for the full year guidance. Can you talk about sort of the factors like maybe is there like a little bit of conservatism. Obviously, theres like the crowd striking stuff in the third quarter. So just sort of your confidence maybe on that versus the guidance raise. And then secondarily, obviously, nice to see the early development business improving. Can you comment on pricing in early development and any kind of shift youve seen in that over the last quarter or so?
Adam Schechter : Yes. Elizabeth, Ill take the second question first, and Ill ask Glenn to comment a bit about the first question. Its good to see the orders coming back and the cancellations being reduced in early development. Thats whats giving us confidence in revenue growth as we go throughout the year. I would say the biggest difference in pricing that weve seen is the price of the NHPs. They were much more expensive last year than they are this year. when the price went up, that was largely passed through to the customers. So we werent making margin on that business. Now that the price is lower, it actually helps with the margin a bit, but thats the biggest difference.
Elizabeth Anderson: So the core -- sorry, go ahead.
Glenn Eisenberg : Go ahead, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Anderson: [Indiscernible] the core early development, pricing ex NHPs is sort of stable. Is that what youre saying? Just -- I just want to make sure I understood what you were saying.
Adam Schechter : Yes, I would say its relatively stable. I mean its always under pressure. Theres always pressure there. But Id say continued pressure relatively stable.
Glenn Eisenberg : And then Elizabeth, on the first part. So when you look at, again, excluding Invitae, the underlying business, weve increased the outlook at the top line. So overall, at the midpoint, were up around 135 basis points, 100 of it from Invitae. So the underlying business is up, both upon the performance in the second quarter as well as an improved outlook for the remainder of the year. The growth, as we commented earlier, and the outlook improvement is an increase in our outlook for Diagnostics organically, for Central Labs organically and partially offset by a little lower outlook within the early development business. but the strength of the higher top line growth is obviously whats translating down to the bottom line, which causes us to have the underlying business, excluding Invitae, where we would have increased the midpoint of our EPS guidance range by $0.10.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jack Meehan of Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan : So wanted to follow up on the Invitae deal. So with the transaction about to close, how are you feeling about integration and retention of the business? Obviously, they went bankrupt. So your revenue assumptions here are unchanged. I just wanted to hear your confidence around potential leakage that might have taken place over the last few months, just your views on that.
Adam Schechter : Sure, Jack. First of all, when we first made the announcement, we very quickly put an integration team together of very competent, qualified people across all parts of Labcorp, and we match them with equally confident people across all parts of Invitae. So weve had an integration team that has been working really hard to ensure that we have a very smooth transition. I feel very good about the work that theyve done. As we look at their monthly sales, theyre relatively stable. And we feel good about the way in which theyve managed their business through what I would say, some pretty difficult turmoil. And their team has done, I think, an extraordinary job of trying to hang on to customers and hang on to business. So the question Im asking the integration team is where do we see upside? What else can we go after with the new portfolio that theyll have, the increased relationships and partnerships that we have. So Im actually less concerned about the leakage and Im more focused on where the growth opportunities are.
Jack Meehan: Awesome. And then Im sorry if I missed this, but maybe for Glenn, just I was wondering if it was possible to call out the magnitude, the impact of the Ascension cyber event that took place during the quarter and just any issue related to crowd strike in July?
Glenn Eisenberg : Jack, so on the -- our partner that had a cyber event, again, it did not affect Labcorp, but did affect our partner. We commented that it was around a 20 basis point headwind during the quarter from the margin of diagnostics. Thats roughly around $5 million of, call it, operating income that would have been foregone. A little bit of some timing delay in cash as well that well get that just delayed from the second quarter to the third. But obviously, we had a very strong free cash flow number overall for the quarter in any event. We didnt comment on the CrowdStrike or frankly, even the hurricane impact in our results. Obviously, it happened after the second quarter. So when you think about the magnitude of those youre also looking probably around $0.05 a share impact to earnings. So when you look at the change in our guide other than Invitae, where we took the underlying business guide up $0.10 thats even after absorbing the impact from that IT outage event and the weather impact.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo of UBS.
Kevin Caliendo : The diagnostic revenue rec, the mix, the organic growth in general was better than we had modeled. And Im just Wondering if you can talk through if theres any changing dynamics or anything that was surprising there that if theres something happening in the market thats affecting mix in a positive way, or are you guys taking share? Or are you seeing volumes coming from a different place because they have been strong and the revenue rec was better. I just would love to understand whats actually happening in the marketplace there.
Adam Schechter : Sure, Kevin. So if you look at the revenue was $2.5 billion for Diagnostics, and it increased by about 8%. You break down 8%, it was about 6% up from volume and price/mix was up about 2%. So as you stated, it was a very good, strong performance I think theres a couple of things that are driving it. First of all, its -- the team has done a really good job executing in the marketplace. Number two, the hospital and local regional laboratory deals that were doing, theyre very good deals in themselves, but there is certainly some spillover that occurs in the geographies that are surrounding those areas. We are seeing continued strength in the number of tests per accession, which is helpful. And we continue to see a slight shift in mix when it comes to specialty testing or esoteric testing versus routine testing. And I think all those things together are giving us the uplift that were seeing. And as we look at the rest of the year, we expect to see continued strength of about the same type of momentum.
Kevin Caliendo: Is this specialty test and the additional test per rec, is that a Labcorps specific, like are you guys increasing your capabilities to be able to do that? Or is that something thats just happening in the marketplace, and thats the way the market is moving and you guys are benefiting from it?
Adam Schechter : Weve talked about the importance of tests in 4 areas, specifically womens health, oncology, neurology and autoimmune disease. And weve been really focused on launching new tests in those areas ensuring that were having discussions with opinion leaders. Weve increased our scientific wherewithal in the marketplace in those areas. And those areas, the reason were focused on is they grow faster than the other parts of diagnostic testing. Now when you run 650 million tests a year, even if youre seeing a shift in mix, its hard to see that in market share. I mean, you can do the math on what the market share point is. But were certainly starting to see some growth in the specialty areas. And I think its partially due to the market, and its also partially due to our focus.
Glenn Eisenberg : Yes. Also, Kevin, just to kind of reinforce what Adam had said that when you look at the volume growth that were now experiencing. And again, organically, our base business was up 3.5%. Obviously, its higher than what our historical growth is, and we attribute that in part, as Adam said, to some of the sheer growth around the hospital outreach labs that weve acquired as we penetrate those markets even stronger than maybe they had as well. But overall, when we look at the comps now to 2019, the CAGRs are stronger than historical averages. So where last year, we saw some of the improved growth rates, really more a function of a softer comp year-over-year, we actually think now were comping to a more normal period a year ago and that the growth rates are now more sustainable. And as Adam said, as we give our guidance and whats implied is that we will continue to see -- we expect that strong level of both volume growth but also favorable mix along the lines that Adam had commented on.
Kevin Caliendo: Thats helpful. Can I ask a quick follow-up to that. Does that -- the LaunchPad savings, you talked about are hitting targets. And one thing I think investors love to see with the higher organic growth is an expectation that like margins can expand. Im just wondering, is LaunchPad able to keep up with the other inflationary pressures around labor, wages churn, that kind of thing? And has that gotten better or worse, different? Any color around that would be super, super helpful.
Glenn Eisenberg : Yes. No. Overall, we continue to be very pleased with the LaunchPad activities. We talk about around $100 million to $125 million per year of savings. We comment that, thats what we look to do to help offset the inflationary expenses primarily related to personnel, which would fall within that, call it, $100 million to $125 million level. So we are able to offset that. We do normally expect to see good leverage on the incremental volume and revenues that we have. And obviously, you saw in the case of biopharma, good leverage on modest top line growth with margins that were up, benefiting from LaunchPad. And even within Diagnostics, while margins were flat during the quarter, we commented about the cyber event. Were still dealing with a little bit of a headwind from lower COVID as well. But as we think about the full year, the leverage, ideally, wed leverage at around a gross profit margin for the business that were approaching that level for the full year when you take out the unusual items or the discrete items that could be a headwind. So that we think, as Adam commented earlier, the business is performing well from a top line standpoint and from an operational standpoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Gill of JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill : Just quickly, can you maybe just comment on the LDT rule? It came out since you last reported, any impact? How are you thinking about that for your business? I understand that the industry overall is in some way disputing it, but I just want to hear your thoughts around it.
Adam Schechter : Yes. Absolutely, Lisa. So continue to believe that the right path forward is to improvements and to enact the valid act, frankly. And that was legislation that was developed specifically for laboratory diagnostics, including LDTs. That had broad bipartisan support, and we think thats the right way forward. As you said, our trade organization, ACLA did file a lawsuit and theyre challenging the FDAs final rule, and were supportive of ACLA doing that. In the meantime, of course, were going to be prepared to adhere to the LDT ruling. And when you look at the science, we do the vast majority of that science. I mean we submit all -- I mean, most if not all of our LDTs to New York state already. But at the same time, there are some things that we have to be prepared for in terms of monitoring and reporting requirements and so forth. And we have a team in place that ensure that were ready for that to occur as soon as the LDT rule is final. At the same time, its not going to have a significant impact to our revenue or to our expenses. I think the bigger impact is going to be to patients. And these LDTs are typically for people with rare diseases or smaller patient populations. And the question is, will the FDA even have the ability to approve these quick enough so that all patients have access to these important tests as quickly as possible. So to me, its more of a patient access and important for patients than it is any type of impact to Labcorp, frankly.
Lisa Gill: Adam, just as I think about D.C., any updated thoughts from your side on either PAMA or SALSA or the opportunity for SALSA to primary pass?
Adam Schechter : Yes. So we continue to strongly support the SALSA legislation. And Ive been saying this for, I think, 4 years now. And it has strong bipartisan support. And Ive been saying that for 4 years now. So its kind of remarkable to me that it has not passed yet. And it continues to have strong support. We continue to be very supportive of it ourselves. But its really hard to know if it will be passed again this year even though were going to try to push for it to be passed. What I would say is that if it is not past this year, I do believe that theres a likelihood that will be delayed again. And if its delayed again, that would be $80 million that we would not see as a downside next year, and a lot of that would fall to the bottom line. So lets wait to see how the year plays out. When we give guidance in February next year, well know whats happened and where we are. But in the meantime, were going to continue to push to SALSA as best we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Wright of Morgan Stanley.
Erin Wright : So Im going to be really early with this question. But just as we head into 2025, excluding Invitae and some of the dynamics there, can you just point us to some of those key headwinds, tailwinds that youre thinking about or that we should be thinking about heading into 2025? And it sounds like you remain a little bit more confident on the underlying utilization trends and mix dynamics as we head into 2025? How sustainable those can be. And I guess Im mostly speaking to the Diagnostics segment, but I guess Ill throw on Biopharma as well, if theres anything to call out there?
Adam Schechter : Yes. So what Id say, Erin, is that were obviously not giving 2025 guidance today. But as I look at the trends, and I look at the things that I am considering as we go into 2025, the market dynamics continue to be strong. And whats interesting about the Diagnostics business in particular, is that regardless of Republican President, [ Democratic President], resessions, nonrecessions. The business is very durable and has shown its durability over time. So I feel very good about our Diagnostics business, the underlying performance. I would say the biggest headwind/tailwind is going to be what we just talked about, which is does PAMA occur or does it not occur. As I think about the Biopharma Laboratory businesses, we have momentum, we have strength I feel good about our orders and our order book as we go into the end of this year. And I expect that our book-to-bill is going to continue to improve even from where it is today, which is strong as we go through the rest of this year, and that would bode well as we go into 2025. And again, the biggest headwinds/tailwinds there is just what happens with the smaller biotech companies in the marketplace as well as pharma and what they decide to do based upon their environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ryskin of Bank of America.
John Kim : This is John Kim on for Mike. Speaking of the small biotechs and pharmas has there been any improvement in the client mix -- or sorry, not improvement, but rather a shift in the client mix, I think you talked about targeting the midsized pharmas as well. And I guess is that why there is a confidence in that the early development business going further in the second half. I know you mentioned the cancellations have lowered, the bookings are improving, but also just interested to know if theres been any trend there?
Adam Schechter : Yes. So if you look at the mix of business, its a very different mix, if you look at the central laboratory business versus the early development business. And Im just going to give you some rough numbers. I assume its about 70% larger pharma, large biotech in central laboratory and maybe 30% of the small biotech. And its the opposite when you look at early development. The vast majority is in the smaller early biotechnology companies less than the big pharma. Wed like to see that mix shift over time. But I dont want to see the shift mix because the small pharma comes down so far and so fast. We havent seen a lot more orders necessarily from large pharma, but weve actually seen that the smaller biotech market seems to be doing a bit better as we look at the improvement in book-to-bill for the quarter.
John Kim: Got it. And then in terms of margins, I hear you on the top line doing well and the team is executing well. What about in terms of the employee turnover, he has the labor cost inflation tracked within expectations?
Glenn Eisenberg : Yes. So again, overall, we feel good about the margins that were having today. We talked about the big drivers of it being from top line growth in our launch pad. But the headwinds obviously continue to be personnel costs, thats half of our cost structure. The labor market has improved. We assume roughly 3% plus or minus cost inflation, if you will, for personnel costs, which, again, launch pad is helping offset. Overall, for the biopharma business, our attrition rates are where we would expect it to be, the labor count for diagnostics, its improved a lot. Its probably still a little bit higher than, call it, pre-pandemic levels, but in a lot of areas now, its more normalized. So its really only in certain select areas that we see a little bit more turnover than normal. But overall, we feel positive on the labor situation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephanie Davis of Barclays.
Stephanie Davis : We have seen M&A become such a bigger part of even your large competitors growth algorithm. And Glenn, you even called out in your prepared remarks that acquisitions are going to be a priority for our free cash flow. So what has changed in the deal environment thats causing this acceleration? How can we think about the sustainability of this dynamic? And given the incredibly different profile of Invite compared to some of your more recent deals, how should we think about what youre looking for in the M&A pipeline? I know thats a many parter, so thank you [indiscernible].
Adam Schechter : Sure. So Stephanie, when we look at the environment. Im going to start off first with the hospitals, local regional laboratories. I think during COVID, they realized quickly, particularly the hospital systems that the laboratories werent necessarily fully up-to-date with their equipment, that the cost for capital was very expensive and high and they realized that they can take that money and use it for other things in a hospital versus running a laboratory. Historically, I think people were worried could Labcorp bundler laboratory without having an impact to the patient care or the physicians getting the test as quickly as they wanted to. But when you do as many deals as weve done recently, theres so much proof that we can do these extraordinarily well and then we can actually run the hospital laboratories extraordinarily well without interrupting patient care, actually giving them better data analytics, better tools, better equipment. And I think that, thats kind of reached a plateau where most hospital systems dont argue anymore on that point. They also appreciate getting some capital, and they can use that capital by selling a laboratory or selling the outreach business to us. And I think that they look to do that. I would say that as hospital systems were struggling more right after COVID, I think they were looking to move quicker than they are today. But at the same time, today, our pipeline remains very, very strong for those hospital deals. The local regional laboratories, I think, are struggling a bit after COVID. And therefore, theres an opportunity there that well continue to look after. I would say Invitae is not our typical deal. Our typical deal, we want to be accretive in the first year, return this cost of capital in 2 or 3 years and be something that we readily integrate all the time. Invitae, I feel good about our ability to integrate it, but obviously, it wasnt accretive in the first year. It will be accretive in the second year. That was a strategic decision for us because we believe the inheritant cancer area and the other areas that theyre working on in terms of smaller disease areas will grow so much faster in the future. and weve already begun to focus on those areas. We believe that this could be an important add to our portfolio. And I think of it more as a strategic acquisition than the routine acquisitions that we typically do.
Glenn Eisenberg : Yes. Stephanie, the only thing Id add to that is -- and as Adam said, the predominance of the dollars that we invest are in the more traditional deals, the hospital systems, independent labs, even specialty test. But the oncology ones, I think weve done now maybe 3 transactions that in the first year, if you will, more dilutive, but all specialty oncology focused. But even from that, from a financial return, so after meeting the strategic focus, all of those deals, including invite, have a very attractive long-term financial profile, these businesses tend to grow. I think we commented at a double-digit top line growth rate versus our, call it, mid-single digit for our underlying business. So we think while its near-term dilutive its a very attractive profile longer term. Having said that, you should continue to expect that the majority of the deals we do fit within the ones that Adam commented about that would even be accretive initially fully burdened by our incremental borrowing costs that the deals will be accretive to earnings and cash in year 1.
Stephanie Davis : So shifting gears a bit then to more of the hospital business. I know youve given some color on the immediate margin and cash flow impacts of the extension cyber attack. But have you thought about any follow-on impact to that business, such as volumes slipping to another player in the region or maybe the need to shore up some of their offerings.
Adam Schechter : No, I feel good about where we are. Theyre a great partner. We work side-by-side with them. We work side-by-side with them through their -- through cyber events. So I feel good about our business there. And I think that therell be continued success.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly of Citi.
Patrick Donnelly : I was wondering in terms of the utilization trends, how you guys are thinking about the rest of the year or how things trended throughout the quarter, maybe June and July as well. It was helpful to hear about the employer testing piece. So just curious how things trended during the quarter and then the expectations for the rest of the year on utilization.
Glenn Eisenberg : Patrick, so obviously, for the quarter, we feel very good. We commented a little bit earlier that when you think about it from an organic standpoint, our volume base to base business was up 3.5%. And Adam went through kind of some of the reasons why we feel that weve seen some improved growth there and share thats actually been pretty consistent in that volume growth supplemented, if you will, by favorable mix as were growing our esoteric business and the benefit of some of those hospital deals or TSAs as well as the test per session. When you look at the implied outlook for the year, you get to that diagnostics revenues are still looking from a top line at around 9%. So obviously, in the second half, we expect to see continued growth with now invite and part of that guidance for Diagnostics, youre still looking at an implied, call it, organic growth in the second half of around 5% and then 4% aided by M&A. And of that 5%, we continue to expect to see a similar mix with utilization being the higher part of that growth. So were kind of averaging, call it, maybe a trend of 3:1 from the benefit of organic volume versus the favorability from mix that aids there. So we do expect this trend in utilization to continue.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Thats helpful. And then, Glenn, maybe one for you. Just you talked a little bit about the margins and LaunchPad and Invitae. Can you just talk about, obviously, a few moving pieces as we work our way through 2H and into 25, can you just talk about the puts and takes there with the dilution, the LaunchPad piece, again, labor sounds like its maybe plateaued and is stable. But just the cadence for the rest of the year and then again the right jumping off point into next year.
Glenn Eisenberg : Sure. Just again, from an overall standpoint, margins for the year, as you think about Labcorp, weve now commented all in, including the impact of Invitae, our margin should be flat this year. year-over-year in that the impact of Invitae will be around 40 basis points. So forgetting even other headwinds, we expected for the company to see a nice 40 basis point plus margin improvement. When you look at Diagnostics, we commented that prior to Invitae that margins for the year would be flat to slightly up, even absorbing the impact of less COVID business, if you will. Obviously, with now Invitae, it will have around a 60 basis point headwind to Diagnostics. So expect that in the second half of the year, Diagnostics margins will be down year-over-year again, excluding Invite, second half margins in Diagnostics would have been up year-over-year. So positive leverage within the Diagnostics business. And again, we commented that the margins within the Biopharma side, our expectation for the year is for margins to be up and that the margins in the second half for Biopharma will be higher than what it is for the first half. Year-over-year, there will be some differences, but overall, assume a higher second half margin profile for BLS than the first half. So again, we feel were getting good top line. We feel were leveraging it well. LaunchPad is an integral part of helping our margins help offset some of those inflationary costs. And then obviously, were adding on top of that just the near-term dilutive impact from it. When you think about 2025, the only thing Ill comment really on the Invitae is that assuming the close later on or call it next week, even with Invitae, well still have the headwind in the first half with margin impact being negative from Invitae in the first and second quarters. But whats interesting is as you move to -- once its annualized, youll obviously start to see favorable contributions from margins from Invitae because were now comping off of positive and growing margins versus the first half of this year with negative margins.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. At this time, Id like to hand it back to Adam Schechter for closing remarks.
Adam Schechter : Thank you. Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. Were going to continue to focus on our customers, our business, shareholders and employees as we move forward, and we look forward to sharing our progress with you next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 10:57:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings' First Quarter 2024 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Christin O'Donnell, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Christin O'Donnell: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's First Quarter 2024 Conference Call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
 This morning, in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com, we posted both our press release and an Investor Relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures both of which are discussed during today's call. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the estimated 2024 guidance, and the related assumptions, the recently completed spinoff of Fortrea Holdings, Inc., the impact of various factors on the company's businesses, operating and financial results, cash flows and/or financial condition including the COVID-19 pandemic and global economic and market conditions; future business strategies, expected savings, benefits and synergies from the LaunchPad initiatives and from acquisitions and other strategic transactions and partnerships, the planned holding company reorganization and opportunities for future growth.
 Each of the forward-looking statements is subject to change based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control. More information is included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in the company's other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change.
 Now I'll turn the call over to Adam Schechter. 
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Christin. Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be here with you today. We look forward to sharing our first quarter 2024 results and progress on our strategy. But before I do that, I want to address the recent announcement that LabCorp was selected as the winning bidder for select assets of Invitae.
 This transaction will advance our strategy to launch and scale specialty testing in areas such as oncology and rare diseases. These are strong assets in important disease areas, and they fit strategically with our focus on specialty testing. Invitae has strong science, a great NGS platform and strong talent. Upon completion of the transaction, LabCorp expects approximately $275 million to $300 million in annual revenue, with the vast majority in specialty areas, such as oncology and rare diseases.  
 The purchase price for the transaction is $239 million. We expect the transaction to be dilutive to adjusted earnings by approximately 2% to 3% in the first full year. We expect the transaction to be accretive in year 2 and to exceed our cost of capital in year 3.
 Now I'll move to the quarter. LabCorp delivered strong top line performance in the first quarter driven by growth in both of our businesses, Diagnostic Laboratories and Biopharma Laboratory Services. We continue to execute well on our strategic priorities through being a partner of choice for health systems and regional local laboratories through launching key new tests in important therapeutic areas and by harnessing science, technology and innovation to bring new tests, services and capabilities to our customers around the world.
 Let's turn now to our first quarter financial results. In the first quarter, revenue totaled $3.2 billion and adjusted earnings per share was $3.68. Enterprise revenue for the quarter increased 5% compared to the first quarter of 2023, with Diagnostics revenue up 4% and Biopharma revenue up 8%. Biopharma's growth was driven by strength in central laboratories, partially offset by early development research laboratories. Enterprise-based business margins are up compared to the prior year. Higher margins in Biopharma were partially offset by Diagnostics margins. We expect margins in both businesses to be up for the full year. The overall strength in our business enabled us to narrow the range and raised the midpoint of our EPS full year guidance to $14.90 despite a negative impact from currency.
 Glenn will provide more details on our results and 2024 outlook in just a moment. In the first quarter, LabCorp advanced key growth initiatives that support our strategy. We began 2024 with positive momentum, reinforcing our position as a partner of choice for health systems and regional local laboratories. We continue to be active on the acquisition front.
 We closed three transactions in March, including health system agreements with Baystate Health in Massachusetts and Providence in California and a regional lab acquisition in California. In March, we also entered into an agreement to acquire select assets of BioReference Health's diagnostic business. This transaction will increase access to LabCorp's high-quality clinical laboratory services.
 These new assets are focused on clinical diagnostics and reproductive and women's health. Our business development pipeline remains strong. Building on the success of our acquisitions and strategic partnerships, we continue to incorporate the power of science, technology and innovation across the organization. This commitment is demonstrated by how we've expanded our test menu this quarter. We advanced our leadership in neurodegenerative disease with the launch of pTau217 blood-based biomarker test that aids in the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease and the monitoring of patients undergoing treatment with new therapies.
 It's also available to be used in clinical trials. In addition, earlier this month, we announced the launch of our GFAP blood biomarker test for the early detection of neurodegenerative diseases and neurological injuries. Following the launch of our ATN profile last fall, these two significant advances in the company's testing portfolio extend our leadership in a rapidly accelerating field of blood-based biomarkers for neurodegenerative diseases.
 We continue to accelerate our leadership in oncology. We launched LabCorp plasma detect, the first clinically validated whole genome sequencing MRD solution for early-stage colon cancer to identify patients at increased risk of reoccurrence after surgery or adjuvant chemotherapy. LabCorp plasma detect developed by our PGDx laboratory is a significant achievement that enhances our liquid biopsy portfolio and strengthens our position at the forefront of driving better patient outcomes in oncology.
 We introduced a weight loss management test portfolio in the quarter, a suite of tests that supports individuals and physicians with accessible and convenient testing options to guide weight loss management decisions and treatment, including lifestyle modifications, GLP-1 medications or bariatric surgery. LabCorp OnDemand introduced a magnesium test and a micronutrient test to measure key vitamin and mineral levels to support individual wellness. We also announced an STI pass for Mgen. Mgen can be as widespread as chlamydia and gonorrhea. This test includes a reflex to identify resistance to macrolides, a commonly used treatment addressing high antibiotic resistance and treatment failures associated with the infection.
 In April, we received emergency use authorization from the FDA for our Mpox PCR test, a home collection kit. The test is the first at-home collection kit authorized by the FDA to aid in the diagnosis of infection with Mpox. Physicians can order for patients 18 years of age or older who are suspected of Mpox infection. In addition, we launched our electronic requisition digital capability to help Biopharma customers and investigator sites, improve protocol compliance by reducing errors, queries, holes and data revisions. 
 Earlier this month, we released our latest corporate responsibility report, which highlights the significant progress that we're making as we pursue our mission to improve health and to improve lives in a sustainable way. 
 We invite you to take some time to review the report that can be found on our Investor Relations website. As part of our earnings release this morning, we also announced our intention to create a new holding company named LabCorp Holdings Inc. to more closely align with our brand and better position us as a global organization. I'd like to thank our team of more than 67,000 employees around the world. Their ongoing commitment has once again earned us recognition of Fortune's World's most Admired Companies list. We're extremely proud of this recognition.
 In summary, we continue to make progress against our strategy and to achieving both near-term and longer-term goals. We remain focused on our position as leaders in science, technology and innovation, and driving further value for our customers, our shareholders and our employees.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Glenn. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our first quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with an update on our full year guidance. For reference, we've also included additional business information that can be found in our supplemental deck on our Investor Relations website.
 Revenue for the quarter was $3.2 billion, an increase of 4.6% compared to last year. Primarily due to organic Base Business growth and the impact from acquisitions, partially offset by lower COVID testing. The Base Business grew 6.7% compared to the Base Business last year, while COVID testing revenue was down 70%. Organically, in constant currency, the Base Business grew 4.3%. Operating income for the quarter was $321 million, 10.1% of revenue or 14.3% on an adjusted basis.
 During the quarter, we had $49 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily related to acquisitions and LaunchPad initiatives. In addition, we had $22 million of expense for transition service agreements related to the spin of Fortrea, with the corresponding income recorded in other income. Excluding these items and amortization of $60 million, adjusted operating income in the quarter was $453 million or 14.3% of revenue compared to $448 million or 14.7% last year.
 The margin decline was due to lower COVID testing. Base Business margins were up as the benefit of demand and LaunchPad savings were partially offset by higher personnel costs. Our LaunchPad initiative continues to be on track to deliver $100 million to $125 million of savings this year, consistent with our long-term target. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 23% compared to 22.1% last year.
 The higher adjusted tax rate was primarily due to a stock-based compensation benefit in the prior year. We continue to expect the full year adjusted tax rate to be approximately 23%. Net earnings from continuing operations for the quarter were $228 million or $2.69 per diluted share.
 Adjusted EPS were $3.68 in the quarter, up 7% from last year. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was a use of $30 million in the quarter compared to $186 million generated a year ago. The reduction in cash flow was due to lower cash earnings, primarily related to deferred taxes and the timing of working capital requirements. Capital expenditures totaled $134 million in the quarter or 4.2% of revenue.
 This compares to $78 million or 2.6% in the prior year, which was impacted by the pending spin of Fortrea. For the full year, we continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately 3.5% of revenue. Free cash flow from continuing operations for the quarter was a use of $164 million. The first quarter is seasonally the company's lowest quarter for free cash flow.
 We continue to expect free cash flow for the full year to be between $1 billion to $1.15 billion. During the quarter, the company invested $259 million in acquisitions and paid out $62 million in dividends. At quarter end, we had $99 million in cash, while debt was $5.1 billion. Our leverage was 2.5x gross debt to trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA.
 Now I'll review our segment performance, beginning with Diagnostics Laboratories. Revenue for the quarter was $2.5 billion, an increase of 4.1% compared to last year, with organic growth of 1.8% and acquisitions net of divestitures contributing 2.2%. The Base Business grew 6.8% compared to the Base Business last year, while COVID testing revenue was down 70%. Organically, in constant currency, the Base Business grew 4.4%.
 Total volume increased 3.4% compared to last year. Base Business volume grew 4.9% compared to the Base Business last year as organic volume increased 2.7%, while acquisitions contributed 2.2%. Price/mix increased 0.6% versus last year due to an organic base business increase that was partially offset by lower COVID testing. Base Business organic price/mix was up 1.7% compared to the base business last year.
 Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $418 million or 16.9% of revenue compared to [ $442 ] million or 18.5% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income was due to a reduction in COVID testing,  while Base Business income was up as the benefit of demand and LaunchPad savings were partially offset by higher personnel costs. The decrease in adjusted operating income margin was due to the reduction in COVID testing, the negative impact from weather and the mix impact from lab management agreements, which we expect to improve over time.
 Now I'll review the segment performance of Biopharma Laboratory Services. Revenue for the quarter was $711 million, an increase of 7.5% compared to last year due to an increase in organic revenue of 5.1% and foreign currency translation of 2.4%. The revenue growth was driven by continued strength in Central Labs, which was up 13%, while early development was down 4% due to continued higher-than-normal cancellations and lower orders. While cancellations are higher than normal, we have seen a sequential improvement from last quarter.
 Biopharma adjusted operating income for the quarter was $100 million or 14.1% of revenue compared to $74 million or 11.1% last year. Adjusted operating income and margin increased due to organic growth and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel costs. We ended the quarter with a backlog of $7.9 billion, and we expect approximately $2.5 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. The trailing 12 months book-to-bill was 1.00, which we expect to increase throughout the year.
 Now I'll discuss our updated 2024 full year guidance, which assumes foreign exchange rates effective as of March 31, 2024, for the remainder of the year. The enterprise guidance also includes the impact from currently anticipated capital allocation, with free cash flow targeted for acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends. We expect Enterprise revenue to grow 4.8% to 6.4% compared to 2023.
 Compared to prior guidance, this is a narrowing of the range with the same midpoint despite a 50 basis point headwind from currency. We continue to perform well in diagnostics and are narrowing the full year guidance range and increasing the midpoint. We expect Diagnostics revenue to be up 4.8% to 6% compared to 2023. This is an increase at the midpoint from our prior guidance of 140 basis points, primarily due to stronger base business demand as well as acquisition revenue that is now forecasted in this segment, where it was previously only included in the enterprise guidance prior to the closing of the transactions.
 We expect Biopharma revenue to grow 3.7% to 5.7% compared to 2023. The decrease at the midpoint from our prior guidance of 180 basis points is due to currency. This guidance includes the year-over-year positive from foreign currency translation of 40 basis points versus 220 basis points in the prior guidance. An improvement in the outlook for Central Labs is expected to be offset by early development. We continue to expect margins in Diagnostics and Biopharma to be up in 2024 versus 2023, driven by top line growth and LaunchPad savings. Our guidance range for adjusted EPS is $14.45 to $15.35. 
 We have narrowed the range and increased the midpoint of guidance by $0.05, driven by improvement in Diagnostics, partially offset by the change in currency. The free cash flow guidance range is $1 billion to $1.15 billion, unchanged from prior guidance. In summary, we expect to drive continued profitable growth and strong free cash flow generation that will be used for acquisitions that support our strategy and supplement our organic growth, while also returning capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program and dividends.
 Operator, we will now take questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jack Meehan of Nephron Research. 
Jack Meehan: So I wanted to focus on the Invitae deal here. Let's start with Adam. Can you talk about the strategic value of these assets why you're excited to acquire them out of bankruptcy? And how does the oncology business complement? What you're doing already internally? 
Adam Schechter: Yes, Jack, so they're strong assets. And we've always said that oncology is one of our core therapeutic areas, and they have a very big hereditary oncology business, much bigger than the business that we have in that area. So it certainly augments what we're doing and it accelerates it in a fairly significant way. They also have quite a bit of rare disease work that they've done, and that augments our focus on specialty testing.
 They have a very good NGS platform. We have a platform, but we're going to look to see what we can use that they have and use what we have and get the best platform we can possibly get. They have very good talent. And I think we're able to do it at a reasonable deal. It's a company that people have looked at for years and years that their valuation you could never get past. But the science was always very good. Their capabilities were always very good. So strategic that feel fits very well for us. 
Jack Meehan: Yes, that makes a ton of sense. And then a second one for Glenn. Can you just talk about the strategy to work down the dilution? Prior to the bankruptcy, I think Invitae was targeting a burn of over $200 million. Some of that's related to things you're not acquiring, but your target -- you laid out calls for maybe $30 million to $50 million burn was my math. Can you just talk about the confidence it won't be worse than that and then the action steps to get to accretion in year 2? 
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, Jack. So again, as Adam commented, we're very excited about the acquisition. And frankly, going out of acquiring the select assets through bankruptcy from a purchase price, obviously, relative to other deals that we see of similar focus in our therapeutic areas is quite attractive. As we think about long-term value creation, you heard in the opening comments that we expect this to exceed our cost of capital in year 3 and have a very attractive overall return on our investment.
 But to your point, in the near term, it will be dilutive. This is a business that has a high cost structure. And from our perspective, like other acquisitions that we've done of similar ilk we'll be able to leverage the cost structure within LabCorp to leverage. It's a business that has a very high gross margin, which is, again, very attractive to us. Obviously, we'll continue to instill LaunchPad disciplines that we have which will benefit them as well. But the big opportunity to improve their profitability is on the cost side. They spend a fair amount in R&D, which we would expect to continue. Obviously, the value of what we're acquiring. But from sales, marketing and especially general administrative costs, where we can leverage our infrastructure we'll be able to get it profitable, as Adam said, within the first year. So it's all about integration. We'll do it on a very disciplined and timely manner, but we expect it to ultimately be accretive in the second full year of our ownership. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Erin Wright of Morgan Stanley. 
Erin Wilson Wright: Could we talk a little bit about what's embedded in guidance as it relates to the acquisition contribution versus organic growth and base business strength in the Diagnostics segment. I just want to make sure kind of can you remind us what's embedded in the enterprise level guidance versus the segment level guidance as well. 
Glenn Eisenberg: When we talk about the 3 acquisitions that we announced in the quarter, that's adding obviously to the change in the guidance we did for diagnostics. So when you look at the change, just use the midpoint of our guidance, it improved 140 basis points, I assume roughly half of that is from those 3 acquisitions.
 And again, those were already incorporated in our enterprise guidance but not until the segment, until the deals were closed. So half of it is due to the acquisitions, and then the other half of the growth is demand. The strength that we saw in the first quarter that we also expect to see continued through the year. 
Erin Wilson Wright: Okay. That's helpful. And then switching to the Biopharma segment, what are you expecting for the balance of the year at this point? What are you seeing in terms of RFP flow and cancellations? And how would you just characterize the underlying health, particularly across that early development business? 
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I'll start overall and then I'll answer early development specifically, Erin. So overall, Biopharma Laboratory Services grew 8% and Central Labs had very strong growth at 13%. Now realizing Central Labs had a relatively easy compare versus first quarter of last year. You probably remember in first quarter of last year, there were a lot of personnel issues at investigator sites. If you look at the ED growth, it's coming back slower than we anticipated, but it's being offset by the strength in our Central Lab business.
 If you look at RFP flow, for Central Lab, everything looks normal, everything looks really strong. That business is very healthy. If you look at early development, we still continue to have good RFP flow. The win rates are good.  The cancellations still remain higher than what we would expect. The first quarter was a bit better than fourth quarter of last year, but still higher than what we anticipate. So as we go through the rest of the year, we were able to maintain the revenue guidance for BLS, if you just adjust only for foreign exchange where Central Labs is going to continue to outperform, and we expect it's going to take a bit longer for the early development business to fully come back. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly of Citi. 
Patrick Donnelly: I want to pick up kind of right where you left off there on the Biopharma piece. Can you just dive a little bit deeper into early development. Obviously, again, the book-to-bill softened a little bit there on the BLS side. There's a lot of focus on the early development piece. Can you just talk about the visibility on that front? And again, the expectations as we work our way through the year, maybe both on orders and the revenue side would be helpful. 
Adam Schechter: Sure. So I'll start with the book-to-bill. So the book-to-bill was 1.0 that's lower than we would typically like. However, we've got insight to the book-to-bill for second quarter already and insight to the rest of the year. And I expect the book-to-bill to continue to grow starting next quarter throughout the rest of the year. The health of the book-to-bill still looks good across the business. It's an early development part of the book-to-bill, which frankly, is a little bit less relevant because early development, a lot of the studies start in the year and finish in the year. Typically with the book-to-bill, you look for things that go more than a year or over time.
 So as I look at the early development book-to-bill, it's not where we would like it at the moment, but the RFPs are good. The win rate looks good. It's the cancellations that are driving the majority of the issues. But that can correct itself faster typically because the burn rate is so much quicker. As we go through the rest of the year, we expect that the early development business starting in the second half will begin to be stronger than the first half. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. The only thing I'd add too, Patrick, is when you put the size of the business in perspective, obviously, it's less than 10% of the company. But even within Biopharma you have 2/3 of the segment, let's say, Central Labs. And that's really where the backlog, if you will, the book-to-bill is probably more applicable because the backlog that we have in Central Lab is effectively supporting most of the revenues over the next 12 months. So to your point on visibility with early development, we have less visibility because it's a much lower percentage of the backlog with that business and much shorter lead times. So it just puts in a little bit more volatility, if you will.
 But on a positive side, as we ultimately see the rebound in that business, we'll be able to get those revenues and bring them into revenues on a quicker basis than we could have within Central Labs. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Cherny of Leerink Partners. 
Unknown Analyst: Maybe just one quick clarification on Invitae. You talked about the financial impact in the first full year post close. Is there any financial impact currently embedded in the guidance? 
Glenn Eisenberg: So Michael, this is Glenn. When you look at the guidance that we've given, and we always kind of say the midpoint of the range is what our expectation is, and then there's always going to be pluses and minuses, which is why we put a range. So at the midpoint of our guidance, the answer is Invitae is not in those numbers.
 But when you look at the guidance range, so relative to the revenues of Invitae or the potential dilution in the first year, that would be incorporated, if you will, sizing it within the range we've given. So I guess the answer is it's not in the explicit guidance, but it's captured within the range that we've provided. We're looking to close this and it will obviously depend when we do, but let's say it's in the third quarter. Obviously, when we have our announcement of our quarterly call, we will update our guidance to reflect, obviously, a half a year left. But obviously, acquisitions that would have been completed as well which, again, we may see Invitae over that time frame. 
Unknown Analyst: Okay. That's helpful, Glenn. And then maybe just on price and rev per rec. Can you just give us a sense on how it tracked over the quarter relative to your expectations? And in terms of the Base Business guidance increase for the Diagnostic Laboratories business, how much of that is the difference between improvements in volume versus improvements in price? 
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. So overall, we normally talk about our growth weighted to volume versus price mix and kind of 3:1 ratio, if you will. Obviously, it was a little different during the quarter, but strength, frankly, on both volume and on price mix. The price/mix frankly is mix related. We would normally say unit price is relatively flat. But the improvement that we saw in the quarter from a mix standpoint was the live management agreements, was the -- our test per session.
 We continue to see favorable movement and we're seeing a higher percent of our growth coming from our esoteric business versus routine. So all those three kind of improved our mix. But clearly, the growth that we expect to see is driven off of demand, which is volume. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Ann Hynes of Mizuho Securities. 
Ann Hynes: So I just want to talk about just the volume and obviously, the Diagnostics segment is very strong. And it's in line with what your largest period as reported. And I'm just -- I'm trying to figure out like how much is driven by underlying demand, which is strong, but also how much is driven by maybe the national companies taking market share? And if you are taking market share, who are you taking it from? 
Adam Schechter: Yes. So and I'll give you -- broadly speaking, and then maybe Glenn can add some details. But broadly speaking, if you look at the hospital deals that we're doing, there's a significant number of them that we had last year, at the end of the quarter, going into this year. And when you do those, those are, by definition, getting some market share. And then when you think about what's happening in the marketplace around those hospitals, you expect that you'll pick up some market share there as well.
 So I think a lot of it is that the market is strong. You're seeing a lot more people getting procedures and so forth. But in addition to that, I think there is some share gains that you're seeing because of what we're doing and the strength that we have in the hospital market sector. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, the only thing I'd add is just that we had a good quarter, and we took our full year outlook up to reflecting the stronger demand than we've been seeing. We also look back to pre-pandemic, and we're tracking well within the range that we would normally expect to be. So some of the year-over-year improvement arguably has driven a bit about and not fully recovered year -- the prior year. But to see that kind of growth, we feel very good about and expect that to continue. 
Ann Hynes: All right. And then secondly, heading into the final LDT rules from the FDA, what is LabCorp looking? Like what are the key things we should look for that you won't change in the final rule? 
Adam Schechter: Yes. So the first thing I'd say is that the LabCorp was supportive of the Valid Act, which we thought was the right way to provide oversight of the FDA of LDTs. It was legislation that was fit for purpose for our industry. We're not supportive of the current rule, although we haven't seen the final rule. We still have to see that in a whole judgment until we see exactly what's in there. What I worry about most -- and we have great quality organization. We have terrific scientists, and we do so many -- so much research and need to [indiscernible] marketplace. What I worry about is speed to market of LDTs. And patients that need these LDTs, they're typically smaller groups of patients. Other people aren't necessarily developing tests for them and they need to test as quickly as possible. 
 So the real question to me is going to be how fast the FDA will be able to review the new LDTs and get them into the marketplace. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson of Evercore ISI. 
Elizabeth Anderson: I was wondering if you could comment on the pacing of the lab management deal integration.  Anything to pick up on proceeding as sort of as you guys thought, any learnings you would say in terms of others as you continue on that path? 
Adam Schechter: Yes. So we've gotten quite good at being able to efficiently and effectively run the lab management agreements that we have. When you do 100 hospitals with one organization quickly, you become an expert pretty fast. So what I would say is we take our time because the most important thing is to ensure that there's no patient disruption. The second thing is to make sure that the physicians are very satisfied with the way in which they can order and the speed in which they get their results. And then over time, we find ways to use our size, our scale and our ability to synergize to reduce cost. And we've learned that the most important thing is to do it really well. And although the margins never get to our average margins, they start off low and they increase over time. I think you've seen with the announcement of several deals closing in the first quarter, multiple deals closing at the end of last year. There's a slight impact on our margin in the beginning. But over time, the margin is going to improve. And that's why we believe our Diagnostics margin will increase when you look at the totality of '24 versus '23. 
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. That's helpful. Anything you can comment to in the early development business about sort of non NHP growth? Because I just wanted to like sort that out in terms of the impact on the revenues in the quarter. 
Adam Schechter: Yes. So what I would say is that there's no longer a supply issue with NHP. The only thing that we're seeing with NHP is a bit of a revenue drag because the cost of NHPs when there was a supply issue were much higher. We were charging the higher price, but we weren't making a margin on that higher price. So now that the prices have come down, the actual revenue for those studies come down with the price. So you're seeing less revenue growth in that area, which I would say is probably a bit artificial because of the price of the NHPs coming down. 
Elizabeth Anderson: Yes, that makes sense. I just wanted to sort of understand that versus the dynamics in the non-NHP portion of the business. 
Adam Schechter: Yes. I would say that dynamics in the non-NHP portion you're seeing growth rates that would be a bit higher than the NHP. But again, that's more -- they're both less than what we have seen historically because of what's happening in the biotech world. We are beginning to see signs of recovery in the biotech world. So both of those parts of the business should recover over time. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo of UBS. 
Kevin Caliendo: I want to talk or ask a little bit about... 
Adam Schechter: Kevin, we can't hear you. You're breaking up pretty significantly. 
Kevin Caliendo: I'm sorry, is it better? 
Adam Schechter: No. 
Kevin Caliendo: I'll try to ask you again, why don't you talk a little bit about margin expectations in the DX segment, specifically around your expectation of labor trends and actual margin in the DX business going forward, like in the first quarter as we're jumping off [indiscernible]. 
Adam Schechter: Yes. Are you talking margins in CLS or Diagnostics? I couldn't tell. 
Kevin Caliendo: Diagnostics, sorry. 
Adam Schechter: Okay, in Diagnostics. What I would say is that if you look at the Diagnostics business, the business performed very well. We had basically 7% growth in the Base Business and volume was good at almost 5%. The margin was down versus prior year was driven by three things. It was driven by COVID. There was some impact from weather. And as I previously mentioned, there was some impact from the lab management agreements as we begin to roll those out in the fourth quarter of last year, so in the first quarter, we'll see the margins get better as we go through the year. Overall, we expect the diagnostic margins in '24 to be higher than the margins in '23. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. The only thing I'd add too is, as Adam said, margins up even despite COVID and weather and lab management agreements for the full year margins to be up slightly but also to see that expected beginning in the second quarter where you'll see nice growth year-over-year. We'll have the normal seasonality. So when you look at the absolute margins, they'll fluctuate based on seasonality, but the year-over-year improvement, you'll see pick up nicely beginning in the second quarter that gives us the confidence that the margins will be up for the full year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Brackmann of William Blair. 
Andrew Brackmann: Maybe just to piggyback off some of those margin questions on the Diagnostics front, but more specifically on the specialty diagnostics side of things. I guess, how should we be thinking about moving, the moving pieces there moving forward? Obviously, you gave some color around Invitae, but just as that entire specialty business grows, how are you thinking about its impact on total segment margins here? 
Adam Schechter: Yes. So the first thing I would say is as we look at the businesses, they're both strong right now are routine testing as well as our specialty testing. We are seeing the specialty testing grow at a slightly accelerated rate versus the routine testing, but routine testing is still the vast majority of the business that we do. A big part of the reason that specialty testing is important is, number one, they're typically very serious diseases. Number two, when people get specialty testing, they get a lot of routine tests around those specialty tests as well.
 And then third of all, they typically or show how strong you are in science and innovation, and it's got a good kind of overhang of the company because we are a scientifically based organization. So for those three reasons, you'll see specialty testing growing faster than routine testing, but routine tends to go with the specialty testing to some degree. 
Andrew Brackmann: Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess maybe a little bit unrelated, but as it relates to your Alzheimer's portfolio more specifically. Can you maybe just give us a sense of the current scale for that business today? And I guess, as you think in longer term here, just can you talk about the market opportunity that you see in that segment moving forward? 
Adam Schechter: Yes. What I would say right now, it's not a large part of our business. It's a very small part of our business. But it's an important part because there are new therapies that we believe will become available over time, it's such an important disease and it's growing in the United States and around the world. So we want to have the broadest portfolio for physicians to use to help with the diagnosis and monitoring of Alzheimer's patients. But once again, many of those patients not only need these Alzheimer's tests, but they'll use a lot of routine tests as they learn to diagnose these patients and monitor them over time.
 I would expect, over time, that market will grow, those tests will grow, but I think it will be to some degree, commensurate with how fast the overall prescription drug market grows because when diagnosed, the physicians also want to know what can I do about that. And what should I do about that. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Eric Coldwell of Baird. 
Eric Coldwell: It's going to be an embarrassing question when you're afraid to ask it. But on the NHP and the pricing comments, I'm curious if you could give us any more detail on where your pricing is today, what it looks like going forward versus the recent past? One of your smaller competitors recently shared with the Street that it saw pricing down about 18% versus last quarter. I'm curious if you could frame it for you. And then I believe at the top of the market, NHP was about half of your early development work in total. I'm curious if you could give us a sense of what that mix looks like today. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Eric, with regard to NHP pricing, we've not given what the step down in the pricing has been. And obviously, it impacts the mix and where we get the [ primates ] from and where they're used in the studies. What we've commented is that it's been a nice reduction in the price from when we were capacity constrained and obviously, the prices were significantly higher. And I think Adam referenced this earlier as well that from our perspective, while it impacts our revenues, it's really not impacting our profitability because most of the step down in the price of NHPs were pass-through. So the positive is it shows us a lower cost for our customers to get their studies done. So they're seeing the benefit of it without a negative impact from us overall. To your point, roughly half of the studies that we do are in HP based with the other half that are not, that mix really hasn't changed very much. 
Eric Coldwell: Thanks, Glenn. I appreciate that. Just maybe another macro question. The HLM deals come in at a lower margin, as you've always said, and you've done a flurry of them here recently and then the very big deal with Ascension. I know you're talking about improvements as you integrate and get those onboarded each over the next year each time. But could you give us an update on where Ascension is at this point, kind of the journey on that contract from the beginning to the present and how it's stacking up on a margin profile and possibly also a revenue profile versus your original expectations? 
Adam Schechter: Yes. I'll let Glenn answer that question, Eric, but before you guys, I think it's important to note that no two hospital deals are exactly the same, and it really it's three pieces to them, right? There's a lab management part where you run a hospital's labs. There's the outreach business and there's the referral business. Ascension was kind of an outlier to most of the deals that we do because so much of it was the lab management part of the business, and that has by far the lowest margin that starts out low and improves over time.  Most of the deals that we do, they start out with a lower margin. But overall, with the kind of portfolio of the three types of business, they get to about or average margins over time. So that's the typical deal. Ascension is a bit of an outlier, but maybe you can talk about Ascension, Glenn. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No. I think that's right, especially given the size of the transaction overall, let alone the percentage that was live management. But we normally, and Ascension was a good example. Let's say, would be starting a mid-single-digit kind of margin, obviously, mixing us down that we've talked about. And then we normally see the margin step up over the years with that one, while we expect to see a step up, probably not as strong in just the second year of ownership as relative to others is we continue to share on a value basis, if you will, some of the synergies and the savings that we get, we're obviously passing on to that our large partner there and thereafter starting to see the step up. So positive direction, but we'll see more of an incremental improvement next year. 
Adam Schechter: And the revenue for that looks very strong. It's slightly above what we had guided to originally. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Ryskin of Bank of America. 
John Kim: This is John Kim on for Mike. So you've done a lot of deals. You have Invitae, BioReference and the 3 health system agreements that you closed in the first quarter. And Glenn, you talked about how, given the range that Invitae would be included in the top end of the guidance. So could you just update us on your thoughts on the deal funnel and your capital allocation priority, are there any other larger deals, independent labs or health systems that are still coming our way? 
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. So when you think about -- to your point, the transactions that we've done this year and as we commented, embedded in our guidance is the assumption that we'll use our free cash flow for acquisitions, dividends and share repurchases. We have been -- this has been a good year for M&A. We've always talked about that we've had a strong pipeline of deals, and we're seeing them come to fruition this year. 
 But between the 3 deals that we closed in the first quarter the announcement of BioReference and Invitae, you're looking from an M&A standpoint over $700 million of capital allocated to M&A this year. And then you put that with the dividends, you're getting closer to $1 billion. So on the positive side, we had a strong balance sheet. So another $100 million of call it, free cash flow-ish that will be used between M&A and share repurchases. 
 But we're currently leveraged at around 2.5x debt-to-trailing 12 months EBITDA, and we're at the low end of 2.5x, and we give a targeted range of 2.5 to 3x. So within that, call it, 0.5 point on a, call it, a $2 billion plus EBITDA basis, we have another $1 billion of capacity. So we'll still have a lot of financial flexibility to do share repurchases, to do tuck-in acquisitions that we feel are strategic, but we feel very good about the deals that we've announced this year. Obviously, we'll spend a lot of time integrating them into the company, but we have the -- obviously, the financial flexibility as well as still a good pipeline of potential opportunities on the deal front going forward. 
John Kim: Got it. I appreciate that. And if I could ask one on the Biopharma early development. So you talked about the cancellations coming down still a little high. But I wanted to ask, you previously talked about targeting perhaps medium-sized clients. Any -- has there been any shift or your win rates are good and at least in the Central Labs, has there been any shift in that direction in terms of garnering attention or RFP from the medium-size clients? 
Adam Schechter: Yes. So we're trying to improve our mix to more larger to medium-sized clients. It takes some time because many of those clients have master service agreements and you have to wait for us to expire or find ways to be part of those. But over time, I'm confident that we'll continue to shift the mix more towards the medium to larger size pharma. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut of Jefferies. 
Brian Tanquilut: I guess my question for you guys. In the past, as we thought about hospital lab acquisitions and outsourcing contracts, the distress in the space or the pressures in the hospitals was one of the driving factors. So as we're seeing broad utilization pickup in the hospital industry health seems to be improving. Adam, have the conversations changed? Or what does that pipeline look like today? And yes, just curious what those dynamics are and how they're playing into future deals and agreements with hospitals? 
Adam Schechter: Yes. No, it's a good question, Brian. And it's good news that the systems are doing better and that the hospitals are performing better. I think that's good for all of health care, frankly. So I'm pleased that they are beginning to rebound and do better. The interesting thing was before the issues with the health systems, a lot of the discussion was can you do it and can you do it well? And should we take the risk that things aren't going to go well.
 Because we've done so many -- in so many large institutions, I don't think people have that question anymore. They realize that we are really good at this, that we can manage it better than they probably can by themselves that we'll have no physician interruption or patient interruption of note. So therefore, they're willing to look and talk to us about continuing to do these deals. Now I think there was a sense of urgency that caused these deals to move quicker in the past. So I'm not quite sure the sense of urgency is there as much as it was before. But the number of discussions and the types of discussions we're having remain very good. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Pito Chickering of Deutsche Bank. 
Kieran Ryan: You've got Kieran Ryan on for Pito. I noticed you didn't touch on waiver when discussing the diagnostic margin drivers. I think one of your peers cited some modest improvement in the environment. So can you just give us an update on what you're seeing on labor as it relates to things like wage growth and turnover? 
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I'll start with turnover. And I'll give a sense, overall, across LabCorp, our turnover is better now than it was last year or the year before that. In our Biopharma business, I'd say it's back to pre-COVID levels, maybe even a little bit better. So the turnover there has really improved. In our Diagnostics, we see in certain areas, there's still a higher turnover than what we would have seen prior to the pandemic, particularly in frontline employees, where they have not only other choices in health care, but in other industries. But even there, we start to see less turnover than what we've seen in the past. There's been a significant inflation of cost due to retaining employees in the past as we go forward, I think it will move back more towards the level of inflation of about 3% or so. 
Kieran Ryan: Got it. And then just a quick follow-up. The prior question was kind of talking about the strong demand that hospitals and some providers you're seeing now. I was just wondering, does the top line guide in Diagnostics at all contemplate a normalization in kind of broader utilization? Or are you just really not seeing anything outside of what you'd expect at this point? 
Adam Schechter: Yes. I would say that we're seeing what we would expect at this point is slightly higher, we give a range because there's a range of different things that may or may not occur. But overall, we think that the environment is healthy. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. When you look at the -- also, I guess, our implied guidance, so you're looking at a stronger top line growth than what we did in the first quarter with our guidance, but that's just really driven off of COVID becoming less of an issue. It was a bigger issue in the first quarter decline year-on-year, plus that's where we had the adverse impact from weather. So really when you adjust for that, as Adam's commented, the demand that we're seeing, which is came in a little bit stronger than we expected. We expect that to be similar demand going forward throughout the rest of the year. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Stephanie Davis of Barclays. 
Stephanie Davis: I feel bad asking about early development because I said we're all focusing on this as a really small part of your business. But I have to ask because you did talk about some risk of potential share shifts when I saw you in March. So I think about the cut, is this more a function of higher for longer environment that could be impacting biotech funding? Is it something defensive early on, just in case maybe there are some potential share shifts. And how do we think about the underlying assumptions in terms of how they may have changed in use on cancellations and biotech funding in order to kind of enter new numbers. 
Adam Schechter: Yes. So as I think about the early development business, I don't think that it's a share shifting. I think our share is remaining consistent within the parts of the market that we compete, we don't compete in all aspects of our -- we don't have a contract manufacturing organization, for example. But in the areas that we compete. Our win rates look good, our RFPs look good. So I believe that our market share is being maintained. I think we're seeing more that there's still a higher level of cancellations than what we've seen in the past. And in some instances, it's taking a bit longer for the companies to make their final decisions because they're still managing what I would say is a rather restricted budget even with the funding being better than it has been before.
 So the good news is central laboratory, which is by far the largest part of that business remains very strong. and we continue to expect it to be strong, and it's offsetting the weakness that we continue to see in ED that could go on for a bit longer. But even if it does, we feel that the strength that we're seeing in the largest part of the business offsets that. 
Operator: Thank you. I'd now like to turn it back to Adam Schechter for closing remarks. 
Adam Schechter: I want to thank you all for joining us today. And hopefully, you can see we continue to advance our strategy and make significant progress, and we're going to continue our mission to improve health and improve lives around the world. Hope everybody has a good day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-15 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Christin O'Donnell, Vice President, Investor Relations, please go ahead.
Christin O'Donnell: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to Labcorps fourth quarter 2023 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and internet. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com we posted both our press release and an investor relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures, both of which are discussed during today's call. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to statements with respect to the estimated 2023 guidance and the related assumptions, the recently completed spinoff of Fortrea Holdings Inc., the impact of various factors on the company's businesses, operating and financial results, cash flows and/or financial condition, including the COVID-19 pandemic and general economic and market conditions, future business strategies expected savings, benefits and synergies, from the launchpad initiative and from other acquisitions and other transactions and partnerships and opportunities for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements is subject to change based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control. More information is included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in the companys other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now Ill turn the call over to Adam Schechter.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Christin. Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you today to discuss our fourth quarter 2023 results and our guidance for 2024. Labcorp delivered a strong finish to what was a transformational year for the company. Looking back, we executed well on our strategic priorities. We successfully integrated the lab operations of Ascension, one of the largest health systems in the United States. We completed the spin of Fortrea, our former clinical development and commercialization services business. We announced six new laboratory partnerships, reinforcing our position as a partner of choice for health systems and regional local laboratories and we launched new innovative tests in our focus specialty areas across the business. As we begin 2024, we have momentum in both diagnostic laboratories and biopharma laboratory services. We expect to drive continued growth by expanding our base business, finalizing and integrating acquisitions and partnerships, by advancing our position in science, technology and innovation. We will continue to focus and lead in oncology, women's health, autoimmune disease, and neurology. Now, let's turn to the fourth quarter results. Labcorp performed well, driven by strong base business revenue growth in both diagnostics and bioparma. In the fourth quarter, revenue totalled $3 billion. Adjusted earnings per share was $3.30 and free cash flow from continuing operations excluding spin-related items was $422 million. Enterprise revenue increased 4% compared to fourth quarter of 2022, with diagnostics growing 3%, led by base business growth of 8% and bioparma growing 7% due to strong performance in central laboratories more than offsetting softness in early development research laboratories. Enterprise-based business margin was flat compared to the prior year despite being constrained by the mixed impact from recently closed hospital partnerships. Looking forward to 2024, we expect strong enterprise revenue growth of 4.7% to 6.5%. We expect margin improvement across both diagnostics and bioparma and we expect a adjusted EPS of $14.30 to $15.40, and applied growth rate at the midpoint of 10%. We also expect free cash flow to grow in excess of earnings. In a moment, Glenn will provide more details on our results and 2024 guidance. Turning to our enterprise strategy; in the fourth quarter, we continue to see positive momentum from our health systems and regional local lab partnership strategy. Labcorp continues to demonstrate that we are a partner of choice with several new health systems and regional local laboratory relationships. This is primarily due to our leadership in science and technology, our dedication to patients and our commitment to quality and efficiency. We announced a strategic partnership with Baystate Health in Western Massachusetts, to acquire its outreach laboratory business and select operating assets. We completed the acquisition of select assets from Legacy Health. Labcorp now manages Legacy's inpatient hospital laboratories, serving patients throughout Oregon and Southwest Washington State and we entered into an agreement to acquire Ambulatory [indiscernible] from Providence Medical Groups in California. Looking ahead, our M&A pipeline is robust and we remain focused on integrating and expanding our health system and regional local laboratory partnerships. These partnerships are typically accretive in the first year, with margins expanding over time during integration, and they return their cost of capital within just a few years. Turning now to our progress in science, technology and innovation; in the fourth quarter, Health [ph] by Labcorp, announced they will offer fertility and family building benefits. This benefit is the first of its kind that will allow employers and health plans to offer customizable solutions to employees and members to support their family building needs. Labcorp announced the availability of an ATM profile, the first blood-based test that combines three well-researched blood markers to identify and assess biological changes associated with Alzheimer's disease. Last month, we announced the launch of the new FDA-cleared blood test for risk assessment and clinical management of severe preeclampsia. Labcorp and Hawthorne Effect announced a strategic collaboration to advance decentralized clinical trial capabilities for pharma, biotech and medical device sponsors. The collaboration is expected to increase patient diversity and inclusion to decrease site burden and to accelerate enrolment and clinical study timelines. Finally, for our Central Laboratory customers, we introduced a new sample testing application to provide enhanced near real-time visibility of specimens within the Central Lab. This phase is the first of many that will be launched for Labcorp customers. The application allows users to view events in the Central Lab's specimen sample journey for each assigned protocol and to customize how their data is structured. Turning now to the year ahead, we are focused on advancing our growth drivers that are outlined in our September 2023 Investor Day. We plan to continue to be a partner of choice for health systems and regional local laboratories. We will continue to develop, license and ultimately scale specialty testing, including Companion Diagnostics. We will work to bring our specialty testing to other parts of the world, which increases our global reach by leveraging our scale. For example, we're enabling our central laboratories in China and Geneva to perform liquid biopsy tests for clinical trials and we are well positioned for long-term success in cell and gene therapy and consumerism. We see tremendous opportunity for growth as we continue to focus on bringing new innovation, technology and products to market. In closing, 2023 was a strong and transformative year for Labcorp. We executed our strategy at exceptional scale and pace. I want to thank our more than 60,000 employees for their hard work and dedication to customers around the world. This enabled us to enter 2024 with considerable momentum that we intend to capitalize on to drive further value for our customers, our shareholders and our employees as we pursue our mission to improve health and to improve lives. With that, I'll throw the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. Going to start my comments with a review of our fourth quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with our 2024 full-year guidance. For reference, we've also included additional business information that can be found in our supplemental deck on our Investor Relations website. Revenue for the quarter was $3 billion, an increase of 3.5% compared to last year, primarily due to organic-based business growth and the impact from acquisitions; partially offset by lower COVID testing. The base business grew 7.4% compared to the base business last year, while COVID testing revenue was down 73%. Organically in constant currency, the base business grew 5.2%. Operating loss for the quarter was $123 million due to an impairment charge of $334 million related to our early development research laboratory's business, as we've experienced soft biotech markets. In addition, we had $125 million of special charges related to acquisitions, COVID and the spin of Fortrea. Excluding these items in amortization, adjusted operating income in the quarter was $395 million or 13% of revenue, compared to $413 million or 14.1% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was due to lower COVID testing. Base business margins were in line with last year, as the benefit of demand and launch pad savings were offset by higher personnel and stranded costs and the mixed impact of recently completed hospital partnerships. Our launch pad and stranded cost reduction initiatives delivered around $125 million of savings this year, consistent with our long-term target of $100 million to $125 million per year. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 19.5% compared to 25.4% last year. The lower adjusted tax rate was primarily due to the geographic mix of earnings, and the benefit from increased R&D tax credits. We expect our adjusted tax rate for 2024 to be approximately 23%. Fully diluted EPS for the quarter was a loss of $1.95 due to the early development impairment charge. Adjusted EPS were $3.30 in the quarter, up 8% from last year. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was $580 million in the quarter, compared to $607 million a year ago. The reduction in cash flow was due to lower COVID testing. Capital expenditures totalled $165 million in the quarter. For the full year, capital expenditures were 3.7% of revenue, and we expect this to be approximately 3.5% in 2024. Free cash flow from continuing operations for the quarter was $414 million. The company invested $155 million in acquisitions and paid out $61 million in dividends. While we did not use any cash for share repurchases during the quarter, we completed the accelerated share repurchase program, which reduced our share count by approximately 1.1 million shares in the quarter. At the end of the year, we had $530 million of share repurchase authorization remaining. For the full year, free cash flow from continuing operations, excluding spin-related costs, was $888 million. The company invested $672 million on acquisitions, paid out $254 million in dividends, repurchased $1 billion of stock, and paid down $300 million of maturing debt. We continue to have a robust pipeline of potential acquisition opportunities that will supplement our organic growth. In addition, we continue to believe that our share repurchase program is an important part of our capital allocation strategy. At year end, we had $537 million in cash with debt of $5.1 billion. Our leverage was 2.5 times gross debt to trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA. Now, review our segment performance, beginning with Diagnostics Laboratories. Revenue for the quarter was $2.3 billion, an increase of 2.6% compared to last year, with organic growth of 0.8% and acquisitions contributing 1.8%. The base business grew organically by 5.7% compared to the base business last year, while COVID testing revenue was down 73%. Total volume increased 2.4% compared to last year, as organic volume grew 0.3%, which was constrained by lower COVID testing, while acquisition volume contributed 2.1%. Base business volume grew 5.2% compared to the base business last year, as organic volume increased 3.1%, while acquisitions contributed 2.2%. Price mix increased 0.2% versus last year, due to an organic base business increase that was mostly offset by lower COVID testing. Base business organic price mix was up 2.6% compared to the base business last year. Diagnostics' adjusted operating income for the quarter was $354 million, or 15.1% of revenue, compared to $387 million, or 16.9% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income was due to a reduction in COVID testing. Base business operating income was up due to the benefit of higher organic demand, acquisitions, and launchpad savings, which were partially offset by higher personnel costs, including healthcare related costs. The decrease in margin was due to the reduction in COVID testing and the mixed impact from recently closed hospital partnerships, which we expect to improve over time. Now review our segment performance of Biopharma Laboratory Services. Revenue for the quarter was $695 million, an increase of 7.1% compared to last year, due to an increase in organic revenue of 4% and foreign currency translation of 3.1%. The 7.1% revenue growth was driven by continued strength in Central Labs, which was up 12%, while early development was down 2% due to higher than normal cancellations. Biopharma adjusted operating income for the quarter was $109 million, or 15.7% of revenue, compared to $95 million, or 14.7% last year. Adjusted operating income and margin increased due to organic growth and Launchpad savings, partially offset by higher personnel and stranded costs. We ended the quarter with a backlog of $8.2 billion, and we expect approximately $2.5 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Book-to-bill for the quarter was $1.26 billion, with the trailing 12 months at $1.04 billion. Now I'll discuss our 2024 full year guidance, which assumes foreign exchange rates effective as of December 31, 2023, for the full year. The enterprise guidance also includes the impact from currently anticipated capital allocation, with free cash flow targeted for acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends. We expect enterprise revenue to grow 4.7% to 6.5% compared to 2023. This includes the favourable impact from foreign currency translation of 60 basis points. We expect Diagnostics revenue to be up 3.2% to 4.8% compared to 2023. The impact from lower COVID testing of around $130 million is expected to be offset by the annualization of acquisitions that were completed in 2023. We expect biopharma revenue to grow 5.5% to 7.5% compared to 2023. This guidance includes the positive impact from foreign currency translation of 220 basis points. We expect central labs and early development to both grow within the segment guidance range. We expect margins in diagnostics and biopharma to be up in 2024 versus 2023, driven by top line growth and Launchpad savings. Our guidance range for adjusted EPS is $14.30 to $15.40, with an implied growth rate at the midpoint of approximately 10%. While we do not guide the quarterly performance, it's worth noting that first quarter earnings will be below typical quarterly seasonality, due to weather disruption in January that we expect will impact earnings by $0.10 to $0.15 in the quarter. Free cash flow is expected to be between $1 billion to $1.15 billion, with an implied growth rate at the midpoint of approximately 21%. In summary, we expect to drive continued profitable growth and strong free cash flow generation that will be used for acquisitions that supplement our organic growth, while also returning capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program and dividends. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: I wanted to start with a question on capital allocation. So last year was obviously pretty active year for you guys, integrating Ascension, doing the spin. It feels like you have a little bit more bandwidth and the cash flow has been strong. I was wondering if you thought there could be any larger deals available either in the independent lab or health system space. Like I know it's tough to come up with something that's Ascension size, but what does the funnel look like?
Adam Schechter: Yeah, hi, Jack. So, if you look at the pipeline for M&A that we have, it remains very strong. As you say, there's not deals the size of Ascension necessarily in health systems, but there's quite a few health systems that when you add them up, obviously become meaningful. In fact, if you look at our longer term guidance, historically we've said that we'd have 1% to 2% growth from inorganic means. We have now said we believe it's going to be 1.5% to 2.5%, reflecting that we believe that there is significant opportunity before us. We also mentioned partnerships with regional and local laboratories, and I think that there could be some additional partnerships in that areas, but as I think about capital allocation in general, I first thought that we're committed to our dividend. We then look to do as many of these hospital, local, regional laboratory deals as we can do because they're so sensible to do. They return across the capital very quickly. They're accretive in the first year, and we know how to do them really well. And then if there's something that is strategic to us, and one of our strategic priorities, we would look to do those, albeit we're not looking at anything of massive size, but after that, we then look at our share buybacks, which we continue to believe is a good way to use our funds as well.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, Jack, the only thing I'd also add to your comment earlier is that our guidance assumes that, again, we're going to generate between $1 billion to $1.15 billion of new free cash flow this coming year, and that we'll redeploy that for capital allocation of M&A buybacks and dividends, but the balance sheet is also strong. We ended the year at 2.5 times gross debt to trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA, and we have a targeted range of 2.5 times to three times. So to your point, if there were attractive opportunities out there on the M&A front, obviously share repurchases as well in addition to the free cash flow, we also have additional financial flexibility to pursue those opportunities.
Jack Meehan: Great. And can you talk about what, on the diagnostic side, what realized unit price was in the quarter, what your expectation is for next year and the reason I ask is, I get a lot of questions on the margins in the business, and it feels like we're in this elevated inflationary environment. Just like, what do you think, do you see opportunities to kind of use price more as a lever to offset that?
Adam Schechter: Yeah, so, Jack, let me first talk about margins just in general. So if you look at 2023, the margins were basically flat versus prior year. If you look at some of the things that we had to overcome, they were pretty significant, like COVID work that was significantly less this year than the prior year, but in addition to that, the hospital deals that we've done, in particular in the fourth quarter, had an impact on our margins, because although there are freedom in the first year, they're dilutive in the first couple of months as we do the integration until we have the ability to reduce costs to a level that makes sense over time. So we saw some impact from that in the fourth quarter as well. I feel really good about our margin accretion as we go into 2024 and we've said that we expect the margins to increase, but we also expect them to increase in each of the businesses, not just diagnostics, but also biopharma. Within biopharma, we expect them to be increased not just in Central Laboratories, but also in early development. So we continue to look for ways to reduce costs through a launchpad initiative. We're committed to reducing costs by $100 million to $125 million this year and each year for the next several years. In addition to that, our volume growth is helping us significantly. In particular, as we see growth in biopharma, that's going to help us with our margins. Despite the fact that we still have COVID overhang in 2024 versus '23, that we're continuing to improve the margins in our hospital deals, we're expecting to see the margins being accretive and growing this year, which to me is just a good sense of the underlying growth. With, particular focus on price, I would say price is net neutral when you look at overall price. There is some benefit to mix, and we continue to see mix helping us there.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, Jack, the thing too, as Adam said, when you think about the Diagnostics business and the benefit, frankly, of seeing PAMA at least deferred out one year, that we expect the margins within diagnostics to be up in '24 all in, and that's even with the expectation that COVID testing is going to be down. Obviously, the underlying base business margin improvement would even be greater than that and as Adam said, the nice thing is with the growth that we expect, it's demand driven. A lot of it is the volume side. Price mix is still going to be favourable at a lesser extent than obviously the volume, but with unit prices being relatively flat, we have the opportunity, again to still see favourable mix to help, drive that improvement.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Your line is open.
Kevin Caliendo: On biopharma, I just want to understand the expectations for margin there and how much of that is improvement in early development. I know you have sort of an easy comp in 1Q versus sort of actual improvement in margin and mix. Can you just talk about the dynamics of that and sort of the cadence of that as we think about the course of the year?
Adam Schechter: Yeah, I'll talk a little bit, and I'll ask Glenn to provide some additional context. Our Biopharma laboratory service business, remains a leader in both segments. We're a leader in Central Laboratory. We're also a leader in early development. Central Laboratory performed very well in the fourth quarter, and we expect is going to continue to perform well as we look at 5.5% to 7.5% growth in 2024 across the segment. But early development, we expect to continue to improve as we go through the year and we also expect early development to grow about the same amount as the overall guidance that we're giving for biopharma. A lot of the early development growth we expect will be in the second half of the year as we continue to see improvement and ramp up. Our RFPs look good in both segments. The largest segment, obviously, by far, is the Central Laboratories. The RFPs look good. Our win rate looks good. Big Pharma is continuing to send us a lot of RFPs that feel great. If you look at early development, the RFPs look good. The win rate looks good. What we've faced are some cancellations that are well above normal levels and we expect as we go through 2024 that, that will normalize and get us back to the RFPs and the win rate being positive for us, and therefore providing us with growth.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, Kevin, just would add to that, when you look at the cadence, to your point, one, we expect Biopharma margins to be up year-over-year. Given the softness that we experienced, especially in the first half of 2023 with the supply constraints that we experienced in the early development in particular, you would expect to see the stronger part of the margin improvement in the first half of the year versus the second, but margins that would still be up year-over-year, even as we go through each quarter of the year and as Adam commented, that we expect margin improvement driven across both of our businesses. So we have early development and Central Lab both looking at revenue growth within that guidance range of 5.5% five and 7.5%. So on good top line growth, launch pad savings, we expect to see good margin improvement and to leverage that top line well.
Kevin Caliendo: Great. If I can ask a quick follow-up to that; just the outlook for NHP pricing and sort of your reliability of supply, how does the -- what's happening in the marketplace there? We've heard, pricing is coming under pressure a little bit. How does that -- how do you anticipate that helps or hurts on the margin front? Like how should we think about that impact?
Adam Schechter: Yeah. So Kevin, right now, the supply is not an issue. We have as much supply as we need. I feel very good about, as we go through this year and into the future, we have multiple suppliers now. We've certainly seen some of the pricing come down in the market, which is a good thing for us because NHP cost is largely a pass-through for us. We pass the benefit on to our clients. So you might see the revenue come down for us because the cost is coming down, but it shouldn't have any significant impact. In fact, it can help us a little bit when it comes to our margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Wright with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Erin Wright: So how would you characterize this general volume trends and utilization trends, relative to pre-COVID and just excluding COVID I knew, and if you also mentioned some of the weather impact in the first quarter, how big of an impact is that and how should we think about just volume dynamics as we head throughout the year in 2024? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Sure Erin. So first of all, I would say, we came into 2024 with significant momentum. The diagnostics-based business grew 8% in the fourth quarter. Biopharma grew 7.1% in the fourth quarter. So I feel good about the guidance that we're providing for each of those businesses. So for diagnostics, it's 3.2% to 4.8%, midpoint of 4% growth. Biopharma, it's 5.5% to 7.5%, and midpoint of 6.5% growth. So very strong revenue growth. We are comfortable also saying that there'll be margin improvement in each of those businesses. That's despite the fact that there is going to be an impact in Diagnostics from weather and we expect it to be $0.10 to $0.15 in the first quarter and, therefore, the first quarter will be the hardest quarter for us of 2024, but the numbers I just gave you and the ranges that I gave you, midpoints, already, we already know what the weather was in January. So it already contemplates what happened in January.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, Erin, a couple of comments too as well that demand utilization is positive and frankly, we're kind of at the higher end right now when you look at it year-over-year. When with the guide of, call it again, midpoint of around 4% for Diagnostics, kind of organically next year, our normal historical call it two-thirds volume, one-third price mix is probably a good indication which still speaks to the fact that volume levels are up nicely. When you compare them to pre-pandemic levels, we're within the normal range where historically we would say kind of 1% to 2% from volume, one on the price side. We're within that 1% to 2% growth rate now, cater organically compared to 2019, kind of on the lower end, but well north of kind of 1% growth. So, we're at kind of a normal level right now, a little bit higher expected than historical and the weather impact that we saw in January, to give you kind of the rounded numbers, probably impacted our revenue by around $25 million and we incrementally, the drop down on that would be at around 60% margin. So call it around 15%-ish of operating income or that $0.10 to $0.15 range that we gave in our prepared remarks from an earnings manager standpoint.
Erin Wright: Perfect. Thanks and just your quick thoughts on sort of the regulatory environment as it stands now, whether it's LBT, PAMA and SALSA. Do you think PAMA just continues to be pushed out at this point? What are your thoughts there? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Yeah. So, Erin, we continue to support SALSA, and we continue to be optimistic that SALSA will get passed. We have support from both sides of the aisle, and ACLA, our trade organization, is working really hard to get that legislation passed. If it doesn't get passed, then we'll try to see if there's a way to get another year's delay. In our guidance, longer term guidance, we assume that there will be an impact from PAMA. So therefore, we continue to say, if it's not this year, it'll be next year. If it's not next year, it'll be the following year. Until the SALSA legislation is passed, then, I'm not going to take a lot of comfort that it could be another year delay or so forth. We're going to really work hard to have that passed. With regard to LBTs, we do not support the FDA's kind of what they're currently thinking about in terms of taking legislation that was created for the device industry and applying it to the diagnostic industry. We were very supportive of that, and that was legislation that would give FDA oversight of laboratory-developed tests. We think that's the right path to go. We'll continue to work with the trade organization to see if we can make progress there, but we think legislation that is fit for purpose for the diagnostic industry is the right path forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephanie Davis with Barclays. Your line is open.
Stephanie Davis: Good morning. Congrats on the quarter. Thanks for taking my question. I was hoping you could walk us through what's driving some of your diagnostics market growth being so above market, especially on the EPS side, because I've historically attributed some of your above-market growth to the extension deal, but I also thought about the lower margin profile. So I guess I'm a little surprised at this level of profitability bifurcation versus your largest peer.
Adam Schechter: Yeah, so what I would say, Stephanie is, number one, we have momentum in the diagnostics business and the momentum is coming from our base core business. We see it in both routine and esoteric testing. We have four therapeutic categories that we focus on that have higher growth in other specialty areas and we're going to continue to focus on those areas, oncology, women's health, autoimmune disease, and neurology and I believe that those are going to help us continue to grow because those parts of the market should grow disproportionately as we continue to go into the future. At the same time, there's no doubt that the acceleration of the hospital and local laboratory partnerships has enabled us to grow faster than what we've grown in the past and the good news is we have a strong pipeline of those as we go into the future. That's why we've raised the longer-term guidance for inorganic growth to 1.5% to 2.5%. Historically, we would have said 1% to 2%. So I think all those things combined give us momentum when it comes to the diagnostic volume.
Stephanie Davis: I understand. Looking forward to it and changing gears a little bit for the follow-up, could you dig a bit more into the Ovia announcement? How much of that was driven by inbounds from your existing employer clients versus the decision to expand into the market? And what does this mean in terms of investment lists in employer-facing sales or platform tech investments and the like?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So if you look at what we've done with Ovia, we think it's a terrific way for us to have a digital capability in a very important core therapeutic area that we're focused on, women's health. And it really is what they've offered a first of its kind fertility family building benefit that we will be bringing to customers. The service offers care navigation and concierge services that helps individuals throughout their family building journey. And, we can offer it directly to patients if they like. We can offer it to employers. We have a very strong employer group, Laboratory Employer Services and this is just one of many offerings that we're going to be bringing to the marketplace, but because women's health is so important and because we are so focused on it, this is just another avenue for us to help in the women's health arena.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Thanks for taking the question. Maybe on the biopharma booking side, the book-to-bill picked up a little bit from last quarter. I know last quarter you guys were flagging, maybe some elevated cancellations and on the emerging biotech side. Can you just kind of let us know what the environment looks like now? How you're feeling about that backdrop? Again, just given a little bit of volatility there and we've seen some biotech IPOs trickle out. How are you feeling about the backdrop and how should we think about bookings this year?
Adam Schechter: Yeah, absolutely and I'll start broadly about our biopharma business and then I'll talk about the individual segments as well. So broadly, we had a good quarter of $1.26 billion, which we said in third quarter we expected the fourth quarter to be improved and obviously it was improved. If you look at our trailing 12 months, it's about $1.04 billion and we believe that that's -- you want to be around $1.05 billion to $1.1 billion and $1.1 billion is typically what we're targeting. I feel confident we'll be able to get there as we go through this year. We dropped off a really strong quarter in the fourth quarter of 2022. If I break apart the businesses and we start with a much larger business, which is the Central Laboratory business. Our RFPs are very strong. Our book-to-bill is very strong. Our win rate is very strong. We're not seeing as many cancellations as we're seeing in the other part of business because it's focused more on larger pharma. Although there are some cancellations there, there always are, it's not nearly as large as what we're seeing in early development. In early development, I feel comfortable as we go through 2024 because our RFPs coming into us are still very strong. Our win rate remains good. I feel good about where our win rate is. What's happened there is, there's been a lot of cancellations. I think there's two reasons for that. One is I think with NHP pricing the way it was, some very small biotech companies that got in line just decided to say we're just not going to do it now and then I also think that there are other pressures with smaller biotech companies that they're going through financially. As I look at this year, I feel good about both businesses and in early development, we're actually even seeing a larger amount of our business come from large and middle-sized pharma versus early pharma or early biotech and I think as we kind of make that transition to get more and more larger pharma in early development, we'll be able to even have a stronger book-to-bill moving forward, but net-net, I feel confident in both of the businesses, the ranges that we've provided and where we are today with the book-to-bills.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, Patrick, just one other thing to think through as well. Again, we had a strong fourth quarter, which obviously is very encouraging, but it was still driven more on the Central Lab side. So while the orders and the RFPs and our win rates for even early development are doing well, it's those cancellations that have impacted it. So as you think about the cadence too for next year, when you look at the biopharma, you expect to be kind of a second half-weighted year on the revenue growth. So both businesses, again, within that 5.5% to 7.5% growth, but because of those cancellations, we do expect to see early development growth rate be much stronger in the second half than the first. We're on the Central Lab. Given the continued strength of its backlog, we expect that normal cadence of improvement each quarter as we go.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a couple quick ones on the P&L for '24, Glenn, you talked a little bit about the diagnostics margins. Can you talk about what the COVID headwind is? I'm just trying to figure out maybe the core expansion versus the COVID headwind, if you have that and then just quickly, the interest expense expectations for the year and how you think about the debt load, addressing that at all during '24. Thank you.
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure. Again, expect to see margins in both businesses that are up, but specifically in diagnostics. We do expect margins to be up in total diagnostics, albeit slightly up because of the impact, to your point, of COVID still being a headwind and the underlying base business margins doing well, but overall, we would say that we're going to be down around $130 million due to COVID. From a margin standpoint, call it 20 basis points to 30 basis points of kind of headwind that we're going to get. That, again, will be more than offset by the growth of the business and our Launchpad initiative. When you look at the interest expense, you can effectively take the run rate or where we ended the fourth quarter and kind of annualize that and then we do have around $1 billion of debt that's due late in 2024. So we're on $600 million in September, another $400 million in December. So we'll look to refinance it. The absolute debt levels that we have at that $5 billion, $5.1 billion, we expect to maintain. So we'll just refinance it, obviously, slightly higher rates than what will be maturing. So if you wanted to add 10% to the annualized number on top of that to reflect the refinancings at the end of the year, that would be a decent ballpark to be in. And again, the debt load from where we stand, we'll look for refinancing. We commented a little bit earlier that the leverage that we have as a company is still within our targeted range of kind of the 2.5 times to three times, but we're at the lower end. So obviously, we could potentially use additional leverage, additional debt, as we see potential other opportunities to deploy capital above the billion plus free cash flow that we'll generate this year, plus, we're sitting on a little bit of excess cash.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian Tanquilut: So I guess my question, Glenn, as I think about the P&L lines, the cost of sales and G&A and factory and labor and obviously Launchpad, seeing that both of those lines outpace revenue growth in Q4, how are we thinking about the -- I hear you about margin improvement this year. So just curious, how you think about the labor environment and how that factors into driving margin improvement in terms of like actual dollars and the growth in those P&L lines?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, so no, Brian, we normally view, well, one obviously continues to be a tight labor market, but a market that's improved. From a nutrition standpoint, we continue to see improvement, but as a company, we're still higher than we were pre-pandemic and that varies across the segments because actually our biopharma is back to where we've been and we still see some additional pressure within the diagnostic side, but again, improving. Our general premise is that the labor market inflation for labor is around 3%, you can say 3% to 4%, but within that range. We've always commented that our Launchpad initiative was really in place to help offset that inflationary pressure. For us, a 3%, give or take, increase in our labor, call it merit in particular, would be a little bit over $100 million and again, we target that $100 million to $125 million a year. So again, we think things are levelling off, if you will, and that part of the margin improvement will be the Launchpad initiative to help offset those inflationary costs.
Brian Tanquilut: Understand. And Glenn, maybe just housekeeping, maybe I just missed this, but share buybacks, how much are -- how much share buyback activity is based into the guidance?
Glenn Eisenberg: So what we do guide to is that the free cash flow generation that we have will be used for share repo, M&A, and dividends. So it'll be across the board would be our expectation. We don't comment about how much is in each of the components, if you will, because it may vary based upon the acquisition opportunities that we see. But it'll be blended across and again, we commented as well that we have some additional balance sheet strength if we wanted to use that for additional M&A or buybacks, but the guidance that we gave and the earnings guidance, if you will, is reflected with all three of those capital allocation opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Pito Chickering: Back on the '24 guidance to diagnostic business, can you sort of quantify the margin improvements next year and any details on split between SG&A and gross margins and how much is coming from acquisitions and improving versus just pure organic improvements?
Adam Schechter: I'll give some context on that, and I'll ask Glenn to add on. So if you look at the diagnostic business, I'd say the first thing is if you look at fourth quarter, you saw very strong revenue growth, about 8%. If you look at margin versus prior year, it was down slightly, about 30 basis points. What drove that primarily was that there were some minor things like increased health care costs and so forth, but it was driven primarily by the hospital deals that we did, that although they're accretive in the first year, in the first several months, they're typically diluted and we did several of those deals at the end of last year. As we come into this year, we're confident in the margin accretion for several reasons. One is obviously PAMA's been delayed. So that would have been a real headwind that we're not facing this year. We pushed that off into 2025. If you look at our volume increases, that's going to help us. The volume is going to be strong. If you look at the hospital deals, that we said extension would continue to give us some margin improvement over the next several years. Each of the hospital deals get a bit better as you go year-over-year. So we'll get some improvement from the hospital deals continuing to improve. We're also going to be looking to reduce costs across the enterprise, but a significant amount because of the size is in diagnostics of $100 million to $125 million and when you look at all those things together, we're expecting inflation to be about 3%, which is more than a typical rate than it's been in prior years. So if you put all that in, that's for our inflation of our people costs and so forth, should be around 3%, 3.5%. You put all those together and that's why we're confident that even though we have a headwind from COVID, that's fairly significant, about $130 million, we'll still be able to get some margin improvement in the diagnostic business.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, no, I kind of think that's right. Pito, that when you look this year as COVID becomes less of an impact, still an impact, it's kind of being offset by the acquisitions that we did late in the year. Really, it's the hospital partnerships and to your point, the margin is constrained a little bit when we do the in-hospital lab management agreements, but a typical M&A for us that would include hospital labs management tend to be more weighted to frankly the acquisition component. Ascension, as we've talked about, we called out one because of its sheer size, but also was disproportionately tied to the in-hospital lab. So less of an impact, a little bit of a headwind, but less of an impact. So it's really top line growth, cost controls, Launchpad business process improvement initiatives is really what's going to help drive the margins across both of our businesses.
Pito Chickering: Okay, great. And then back on for fourth quarter on the early stage cancellations, is it the color of why you saw that spike? Was that just a single customer or is that sort of a swath of customers? And why do you think that should normalize 2024? Thanks so much.
Adam Schechter: Sure. And it wasn't specific to fourth quarter, although there was an increase in the fourth quarter. We saw it throughout last year and we think there were several reasons. One, when there was an NHP supply issue, people were getting in line to run their NHP trials well in advance of what they typically would. By the time it was their turn, they would look and say, you know what, we're not going to do that trial. Either they reprioritized the pipeline, they decided the NHP costs were higher than what they had budgeted for, they decided just not to move forward at that time. The second thing is the funding in smaller biotech has been more difficult. So they're choosing their trials very carefully in the compounds that they move forward, but as we go forward, we're seeing, the RFPs look good as well as our win rates look good. So, the cancellations we believe are going to normalize. We're also starting to see a shift in our business a bit more towards mid-size to larger pharma as some of the smaller biotech have had those cancellations. They have less cancellations typically than the smaller ones. So that's why we think, we're going to see improvement as we go through this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. So I just want to follow up on that last question. So the shift towards mid-to-larger pharma in early development, is that really solely a function of this cancellation dynamic that you're seeing over the shorter term, because I thought for maybe one of your prior comments it seems like that was also maybe more of a strategic shift moving up market there. So any additional color there would be helpful. And then secondarily on the cost improvements in BLS, I understand what you're saying about the continued revenue improvement there. Are there any other sort of cost improvements as we move further away from the spin or should we sort of think about those cost opportunities as largely you've already done them and this is really just like an organic opportunity? Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Yeah, sure. So as I came up with early development business, I've been saying for quite some time that we would like to see a shift towards more mid to larger size and I want to be clear, it's not significant. It's still more in the smaller biotech than it is to the mid to larger size. It's been something that we've been working on for multiple years now and we're seeing some progress, but also a part of it is that cancellations are occurring more often in the smaller biotech companies. So we were purposely moving that direction. There is a reason that we're able to move a little bit faster, but we still have work to do there. But over time, I would like to see that mix move more towards mid-size to larger format.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, Elizabeth, also on the cost side for BLS, it's not only the growth, but there are cost opportunities kind of in the post spin environment. We still have stranded costs that affect our Biopharma business that we're continuing to take out and obviously that's getting wrapped in our overall launchpad initiative as we talk to the $100 million to $125 million of savings each year. We did take out a meaningful amount of costs that were stranded. We had talked about having a $25 million dollar run rate of cost savings in the fourth quarter, which we achieved. So we'll get the benefit of that going forward, but there's still opportunities to consolidate. We still have a little bit of excess capacity within our early development side of the business. So we're managing that cost and the capacity, leaving ample room, though, because of the expectation that we're going to start to see good growth in that business as well. But it's not only obviously top line growth, but still opportunities to take some costs out.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. And maybe just one quick follow up. Anything that you can comment on the expected 2024 tax rate?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. So we've kind of guided that we think a 23% adjusted tax rate is reasonable for the company and what's interesting, if you think about Labcorp today post spin, we actually have a higher percentage of our earnings now that are generated in lower tax rate jurisdictions than we did when we had the clinical business. In addition, we have a higher percentage of R&D. So a higher percentage of R&D benefit than we did when we had clinical. So overall, while we historically have trended and seen our tax rate decline year-to-year over the last few years, the profile of the company gives us confidence that the 23% rate now is a sustainable rate, plus or minus going forward.
Operator: Next question comes from Eric Coldwell with Baird. Your line is open.
Eric Coldwell: Good morning, guys. Of course, all of my self-proclaimed good questions have just been asked in the last couple of minutes here, but I'm going to dive into that last one on R&D tax credit. Can you tell us what specifically might have happened in the fourth quarter to drive what appears to be some additional upside and thoughts on legal or regulatory changes and in addition to Glenn's comments here about the geographic mix and the higher proportion of revenue associated with businesses that now would get an R&D tax credit, I'm just curious on how much of a sustainable impact this might be for favorable long term tax rates.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. So, Eric, when you think about the focus of the company, one of the key areas of target is an oncology. And obviously with PGX, OmniSeq, other areas that we've acquired as well are more R&D driven than historically Labcorp was. So each year we continue to make more investments, more opportunities and with that increased investment come the tax deductibility of that. Obviously, there's still some pending tax laws that are out there right now, where you can advertise that benefit over a number of years. From a cash standpoint, we're kind of pre-funding it. So hopefully we'll get -- that will change and we'll get more. There's obviously the impact of potentially global minimum taxes that really don't affect us that much, given as we look at where, again, geographically we generate our earnings. Really not going to have any meaningful impact. So from a sustainability standpoint, we think that 23% plus or minus rate is a reasonable rate to go forward, but obviously, the more we grow, the more we grow internationally gives us an opportunity to structurally change that maybe a little bit more favorably as well.
Eric Coldwell: And Glenn, maybe education on my behalf, but are you seeing R&D tax credits on the CRO side as well, the BLS segment, or is it mostly or entirely associated with your internal investments in advanced diagnostics and LDTs, things of that sort?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, it's across the board. We have investments that span the entire company. I think the increase that we've been seeing that has been driving the more favourable amount has been driven more on the diagnostic side, but frankly, our oncology spans the enterprise. So everything that we work on and where we work on it and who's working on it, again, we would say is across the enterprise, but more weighted to diagnostics.
Eric Coldwell: Great. And if I could get one more in here, the stranded cost commentary, could you just remind us what you're sharing in terms of what those total costs were, how they phase out, and what happens at the end of 2024 when Fortrea, thinks they're going to be completing their biggest TSA transitions, particularly on the IT side? I'm just, what is the impact to Labcorp over the next handful of quarters and into 2025 as you face these stranded costs, but they start to come out, and then what happens at the end of the TSAs? Thank you very much.
Glenn Eisenberg: No, sure, Eric. So from the stranded costs, we commented that we had around $45 million of stranded costs and that our initial target was to take out that $25 million at a run rate this year, which, again, we've achieved. So there's more to come. So in the fourth quarter, call it around a $6 million headwind that we had due to stranded costs that obviously impact margins. As we go forward with the TSA support, so what we're doing to support Fortrea, IT and other areas, that's effectively a pass-through, right? We're providing the service. They're paying us for that service. Once they're fully sustainable on their own and the TSAs would go away, our costs go away because, frankly, most of the costs are contract labor-related on the IT side. So when the job's done, those costs are gone overall, but we continue to tackle the other stranded costs as well. So when you look at it, the goal was, to have all the TSAs completed within two years. I can tell you Fortrea and Labcorp are both very motivated to see and incentivized to see that transition happen as soon as possible. The good news is that both are focused on it. We're making good progress. Fortrea is making very good progress and we would expect to hopefully see those TSAs expire earlier than what we had planned or at least what we had planned for, but again, the costs will go with that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: Thanks for taking my question. I first wanted to start with the guidance range. Glenn, can you help us understand, it's a pretty wide range. What's in the low end of the range and what gets you to the upper end of the range would be my first question. And then secondly, I just want to understand managed care contracting and pricing for 2024. You talked about volume and pricing mix, but just curious as to do you have many contracts that are up for renewal? Is there anything that's different when we think about contracting with managed care entities?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I'll take the second one first, which is, we feel confident in our contracts that we had put a few in place last year, but this year, there's no major expiration. So we feel good about where we are and there's not much risk in the guidance range as we go through this year and the next. But with regard to the ranges and certain things that go to the upper end of the funnel, obviously, the bottom of the revenue range, obviously, the diagnostic volume looks great and we're expecting that to continue. The weather is a bit of what's taking us a little bit back to the midpoint. So the weather is 10% to 15% impact, but the volume continues to be very, very strong. The rate in which we integrate the hospital deals will help us and we have very good track record of doing that. But the good news is there's not as much volatility this year as there's been in years in the past with COVID. So I feel good about the range. And in fact, the EPS range, we've narrowed it versus what that means would have been last year, the year before that, because there is less volatility and then I'd say in the biopharma services business, I would say that the strength we have and momentum is great. The thing that we're watching carefully are when the cancellations, in particular in early development, start to come back to more normal.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah. And Lisa, I think on Adam's comment that when you look at the profile of Labcorp now that we've spun the clinical development business, it has taken out some of the volatility and variability, if you will. So the guidance ranges really across the businesses and the enterprise are actually a little bit tighter than what we normally do. Obviously, we're just starting out the year. The midpoint, obviously, our guidance is our best expectation that we have, realizing obviously higher demand would promote more on the upper end or softer demand down below, but needless to say as we go through the year, we'll continue to tighten the ranges with less time left in the year.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our next question comes from Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Kim: Hey, good morning. This is John Kim on for Derek. I think a lot of the key questions I had have been answered, but I wanted to ask about the esoteric versus routine testing you laid out or you reaffirmed your focus on the four therapeutic areas and it seems like the esoteric had a pretty good growth in the fourth quarter. But going forward, can we continue to expect that high single digit, low double digit growth in the esoteric and then the rest of it would be made up in routine?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So if you look at the esoteric testing volume, we continue to have a significant focus on the four therapeutic areas that we talked about. And we did, in fact, see in the fourth quarter and the full year that esoteric testing volume grew slightly faster than the routine, but it's strong to note that both of them grew strongly and we expect them to continue to both grow strongly, but we would expect esoteric to grow at a slightly higher rate in both volume and the volume obviously is at higher dollars. So maybe a little bit faster in the dollars.
John Kim: And then in terms of pricing, you mentioned that you're expecting mostly flat pricing in 2024. There are no major contract renewals coming up and PAMA has obviously been pushed out, but if I look at the margins between biopharma and diagnostics, biopharma had a pretty strong margin compared to the diagnostics in the fourth quarter and you mentioned that there's going to be a slight expansion in diagnostics. What's going to be the dynamic between the two for the full year 2024? Can we -- is the fourth quarter a good jumping off point for the biopharma margins?
Adam Schechter: Yeah, no, I wouldn't use any one quarter for the margins. We expect the margins to actually improve across the business, across both diagnostics and biopharma. Diagnostics in the fourth quarter was impacted to some degree by the hospital integrations that we're doing, that there were several new ones. And although they're accretive in the first year, they were dilutive in the first couple of months. We expect that to improve as we go into next year. As we go to next year, there's still a COVID overhang in the diagnostic business, probably about $130 million or so, but even with that, we expect to get some slight margin improvement in that business and overcome that.
Adam Schechter: Okay. So in closing, I know we're at the end of the hour. I just want to thank everybody for joining us today. I want to thank our team here at Labcorp for their focus and dedication and everything that they do to serve the patients that we all are trying to do the best we can to improve health and to improve lives. And we look forward to sharing more with you as we go through the year. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in listen only mode. After the speaker's presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program. Christin O'Donnell, Vice President of Investor Relations, please go ahead.
Christin O'Donnell: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome the Labcorps third quarter 2023 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and internet. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com we posted both our press release and an investor relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call. Additionally, we are making forward looking statements. These forward looking statements include but are not limited to statements with respect to the estimated 2023 guidance and the related assumptions, the impact of various factors on the company's businesses, operating and financial results, cash flows and or financial condition, including the COVID-19 pandemic and general economic and market conditions, future business strategies expected savings and synergies, including from the launchpad initiative, acquisitions and other transactions and opportunities for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements is subject to change based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control. More information is included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in the companys other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now Ill turn the call over to Adam Schechter.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Christin. Good morning, everyone. Today I'll cover our third quarter performance, and I'll discuss strategy which we reviewed at a recent investor day. In the third quarter Labcorp delivered strong year-over-year growth across the enterprise with acceleration or diagnostic laboratories and biopharma laboratory service businesses. Our growth is fueled by our ability to execute well and to deliver greater value for our customers, through our leadership in science, innovation and technology. We see strength in our businesses. We have enhanced financial flexibility, and a clear strategic focus, all of which enable us to end the year with significant momentum. Labcorp will continue to drive growth by expanding our base business, finalizing and integrating our hospital and health system and our local and regional laboratory transactions. And by advancing our leadership and high growth strategic areas, including specialty testing. Moving to our third quarter results in the third quarter revenue totaled $3.1 billion. Adjusted earnings per share was $3.38. And free cash flow from continuing operations, excluding spin related items was $227 million. Enterprise revenue increased 7% compared to their prior year. Diagnostics laboratories based business revenue continued exceptional year-over-year growth with a 16% increase driven by organic growth and progress in our hospital and health system strategy, including retention. Biopharma Laboratory Services had a strong growth in the third quarter of 8%. Enterprise based business margin was down 50 basis points compared to the prior year, primarily due to the mixed impact of retention. We continue to expect full year-base business margins to be flat to slightly up versus prior year, implying an increase in fourth quarter margins year-over-year. Then we'll provide more detail on our quarterly results, as well as a 2023 outlook in just a moment. Turning now to our Enterprise Strategy in the third quarter, we have significant momentum in our health system, and local and regional laboratory partnership strategy. I believe the momentum is due to our leadership in science and technology in our dedication to patients, and in our commitment to quality and efficiency. With the most recent partnership announcement, we strengthened our presence and scale in the Northeast and West Coast. In the Northeast, we advanced three partnerships during the quarter. In July, we finalized a strategic relationship with Jefferson Health, one of the largest and most prominent health systems serving the greater Philadelphia area and southern New Jersey. In August, we forged a strategic partnership with Tufts Medicine, a leading health system in Massachusetts, patients and providers of Tufts Medicine now have improved access to standardized laboratory testing throughout the Tufts Medicine system. We recently finalized our initial agreement with Tufts Medicine, and we reached agreement to expand the relationship to manage Tufts Medicine in-patient hospital laboratories later this year. And earlier this month, we announced the strategic relationship with Baystate Health, in which we would acquire its outreach laboratory business and select operating assets, including laboratory service centers, operated throughout Western Massachusetts. On the Northwest, we announced a comprehensive lab relationship with Legacy Health in Portland, we will acquire select assets of its outreach laboratory business, and manage its inpatient hospital laboratories. We also finalized our acquisition of Providence, Oregon's outreach laboratory business in September. The depth and the breadth of opportunity and the quality of our pipeline is robust, and we are optimistic about continued expansion. The partnerships meet our financial criteria, including being your creative in the first year, and return your cost of capital within three years. While the first-year margins are typically lower than Labcorps historical margin levels, there was a clear path to improvement. Turning now to our advancements in innovation in technology. In late September Labcorp became the first company to broadly offer an ATN profile, a blood-based test that combines three well researched blood biomarkers to identify and to assess biological changes associated with Alzheimer's disease, Amyloid-Tau Alzheimer's and neurodegeneration targeted for patients who are being evaluated from mild dementia. This new test builds the Labcorps leadership in new neurodegenerative testing options, and gives physicians and easily accessible and interpretable blood test to assess pathologies associated with Alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative conditions. Turning to women's health, we announced the new consumer offering for menopause in the quarter. Lapcorps on demand menopause test, aims to help women understand symptoms and hormonal factors related to menopause so they can have more informed conversations with their providers. Finally, our Biopharma Laboratory services team opened two new international facilities in China, a new kit production facility, and an immunology and immune toxicology laboratory. Before I turn the call over to Glenn, as we discussed at Investors Day, we are excited about the future of Labcorp and our strong financial outlook on a CAGR basis to 2026. We expect overall enterprise revenue growth of 5% to 8%, including 1.5% to 2.5%, from acquisitions. For Diagnostic Laboratories, we expect organic growth of 2.5% to 4.5%. We expect Biopharma Laboratory services to grow organically between 4.5% to 7.5%. We're focusing on two significant drivers of near-term growth and differentiation as we move towards those target ranges. The first is to be the partner of choice for health systems, and local or regional laboratories. And the second is to develop to license and ultimately to scale specialty testing, including companion diagnostics. I mentioned the momentum that we have in our health system strategy earlier. We've announced five new agreements this year. Additionally, specialty testing, we are focused on four primary areas, oncology, woman cell, autoimmune disease, and neurology, which we anticipate will outpace the growth of other therapeutic areas. The development of Specialty Tests and Companion Diagnostics makes us attractive partners to health systems and biopharma as they continue to develop more therapies and highest specialty areas. Our scale and our geographic presence will be differentiators for both growth initiatives. We're also well positioned for long term success in Cell & Gene Therapy, expanding into consumer market and international growth through our innovative specialty testing and biopharma business. All this will culminate the top line performance that we expect will exceed $14 billion by the end of 2026. To close, our team of over 60,000 global employees is executing Labcorps global strategy at scale, and then an exceptional pace repose. As we post 2023, we will continue to capitalize on the momentum that we've created, and drive further value creation for our shareholders. This year has been transformational for Labcorp. We're focused on our growth strategy. And we plan to finish strong as you pursue our mission to improve health and to improve lives. With that, I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our third quarter results, followed by discussion of our performance in each segment, and conclude with an update on our full year guidance. For reference, we've also included additional business information that can be found in our supplemental deck on our Investor Relations website. Revenue for the quarter was $3.1 billion, an increase of 6.6% compared to last year. Primarily due to organic based business growth and the impact from acquisitions, partially offset by lower COVID testing. The base business grew 14% compared to the base business last year, while COVID testing revenue was down 87%. Organically in constant currency, the base business grew 10.8% benefiting from the Ascension lab management agreement, which contributed approximately 4% of the organic growth. As a reminder, the Outreach business that we acquired from Ascension is treated as an acquisition while the lab management agreement is treated as organic growth, Ascension annualized on September 30th. Operating income for the quarter was $252 million, or 8.3% of revenue. During the quarter we had $56 million of amortization and $116 million of restructuring charges and special items due to the spin of Fortrea, COVID acquisitions and Launchpad initiatives. Excluding these items adjusted operating income in the quarter was $424 million, or 13.9% of revenue, compared to $491 million, or 17.1% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income was due to lower COVID testing. The margin decline was also negatively affected by the mixed impact from the Ascension lab management agreement. Excluding these items margins would have been flat as the benefit of demand and Launchpad savings were offset by higher personnel expense. Our Launchpad initiative continues to be on track to deliver $350 million of savings over the three-year period ending 2024. The tax rate for the quarter was 23.1%. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 24% compared to 19.4% last year. The increase in the adjusted rate was primarily due to higher R&D tax credits realized last year. We continue to expect the fourth quarter and full year adjusted tax rate to be approximately 24%. Net earnings for the quarter from continuing operations were $184 million, or $2.11 per diluted share, adjusted EPS were $3.38 in the quarter, down 16% from last year to the lower COVID testing earnings, as base business adjusted EPS was up approximately 10%. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was $276 million in the quarter, which was burdened by approximately $56 million of spin related items. Operating cash flow of $276 million is up from $253 million a year ago due to higher cash earnings. Capital expenditures totaled $105 million, up from $83 million last year. For the full year we continue to expect that capital expenditures will be approximately 3.5% of base business revenue. Free cash flow from continuing operations for the quarter was $171 million, which was burdened by approximately $56 million of spin related items. The company invested $380 million in acquisitions, paid out $64 million in dividends and used $1 billion for an accelerated share repurchase program that we expect will be completed by year end. At quarter end, we had around $725 million in cash, while debt was $5.4 billion. Our leverage was 2.7 times gross debt to trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA. Now review our segment performance beginning with diagnostics laboratories. Revenue for the quarter was $2.3 billion, an increase of 6.2% compared to last year, driven primarily by organic growth of 3.4% and acquisitions of 3%. The base business grew organically by 12.8% compared to the base business last year, while COVID testing revenue was down 87%. The Ascension lab management agreement contributed approximately 6% of the growth. Total volume increased 2.3% compared to last year, as acquisition volume grew 3.4% primarily offset by organic volume of minus 1.1% due to COVID testing. Base business volume grew 7.2% compared to the base business last year, as organic increased 3.6% for volume, while acquisitions also contributed 3.6%. Price mix increased 3.9% versus last year primarily due to an organic base business increase partially offset by lower COVID testing. Base business organic price mix was up 9.2% compared to bass business last year, benefiting from the Ascension lab management agreement of approximately 6%. Diagnostics laboratories adjusted operating income for the quarter was $386 million, or 16.5% of revenue compared to $440 million or 19.9% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income was due to reduction in COVID-19 testing. While the margin was also affected by the mix impact from Ascension. Base business margin excluding the mix, impact of Ascension was up approximately 30 basis points as the benefit of organic growth and Launchpad savings were partially offset by higher personnel expense. Now review our segment performance of Biopharma Laboratory Services. Revenue for the quarter was $719 million an increase of 7.9% compared to last year, primarily due to an increase in organic revenue of 4.9% and foreign currency of 3.3%. The 7.9% revenue growth was driven by continued strength in Central Labs which was up 9%, while early development was up 5.7%.  While early development is no longer constrained by NHP availability, it has experienced higher than normal cancellations and lower orders, primarily due to small biotech funding. Biopharma Laboratory Services adjusted operating income for the quarter was $109 million, or 15.2% of revenue, compared to $105 million or 15.8% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating margin was due to stranded costs as a result of a spin of Fortrea which is timing related.  Excluding stranded cost margins were up in the third quarter. As the benefit of top line growth and Launchpad savings were partially offset by higher personnel costs. We expect margins in the fourth quarter to be up sequentially and year-over-year. We ended the quarter with a backlog of $7.8 billion, and we expect approximately $2.4 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Trailing 12 months book-to-bill was 1.12. Now discuss our 2023 full year guidance which assumes foreign exchange rates effective as of September 30, 2023 for the remainder of the year. The Enterprise guidance also includes the impact from currently anticipated capital allocation with free cash flow targeted for acquisitions share repurchases and dividends. In addition, the guidance includes the impact from the $1 billion accelerated share repurchase program, which was funded with proceeds from the spin.  With regard to our 2023 full year guidance, we've narrowed the ranges but have maintained the same midpoint from our prior guidance for Enterprise revenue, earnings and cash flow. We expect Enterprise revenue to grow 1.9% to 2.7% compared to 2022. This increase reflects the base business growing 11.5% to 12.2%. While COVID testing is expected to decline 85% to 86%. We expect Diagnostics Laboratories revenue to be up 1.5% to 2% compared to 2022. This guidance includes the expectation that the base business will grow 14.1% to 14.6%, which includes approximately 5% growth from Ascension. The base business has improved from our prior guidance as acquisition related revenue that was forecasted at the enterprise level is now reflected in the segment as we've closed those transactions. We continue to expect Diagnostics Laboratories base business margin to be up slightly in 2023 versus 2022 including the unfavorable mix impact from Ascension. We expect Biopharma Laboratory Services revenue to grow 3.1% to 4% compared to 2022. Excluding the change in currency translation at negative 20 basis points, the midpoint of the guidance range remains unchanged from our prior guidance, we expect the revenue growth rate to continue to improve in the fourth quarter. In addition, we expect margins for the full year to be flat to slightly up, while the fourth quarter is expected to see both sequential and year-over-year improvement. Our guidance range for adjusted EPS is $13.25 to $13.75, unchanged at the midpoint from our prior guidance. Free cash flow from continuing operations, excluding spin related items is expected to be between $850 to $950 million. Also unchanged from our prior guidance at the midpoint. In summary, we expect to drive continued profitable growth in our base business, we expect to continue to use our free cash flow generation for acquisitions that supplement our organic growth will also returning capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program, and dividends. Operator well now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo from UBS. Your question please.
Kevin Caliendo: Sure. Guess I want to go into the book-to-bill in the sequential -- the commentary about Biopharma and cancellations. When did you start to see that? How meaningful is it? Is it across multiple customers? Any more color around what's happening with the orders in the Biopharma business cancellations, as much color as you can provide would be super helpful?
Adam Schechter: Sure, good morning, Kevin. So, if you look at the third quarter book-to-bill it was a bit light versus the prior quarter. And it was mostly due to small and emerging biotech. And it was mostly due to those customers in our early development, research laboratories. Large pharma, middle sized biotech, which is the majority of our customers in our central laboratories, which is the largest part of our biopharma segment, remain strong. And as I look at fourth quarter, I expect the book-to-bill in fourth quarter to be better than it was in the third quarter. If you look at the trailing 12 months, it was 1.12. And to me, that still remains pretty healthy. If you remember, last quarter, I mentioned that with a clinical development business now being a separate company. You would expect the book-to-bill to be lower. In particular, because in early development, most of those trials are very short-term, they can be one month, three months, they usually start and end in the same year that you have them. So, that's why I feel confident that we'll continue to see progress. I feel that the largest part of our business Central Laboratories remains very strong in RFPs, book-to-bill, and we just have to continue to try to find a way to change our mix a bit in early development. I'd like to move early development to work more with the midsize biotech, maybe some of the pharma companies versus having too much reliance on smaller emerging biotech companies. If you look at the revenue, I felt very good about the revenue in the bio pharma business with 8% revenue growth in the segment for the quarter. And we accept expect to see continued strength in revenue growth.
Kevin Caliendo: And just the confidence that it gets better next quarter, is that visibility? Is that just basically writing off some of the stuff that the cancellations are going to improve? Like what gives you that sense? Obviously, you can see more than we can, I'm just wondering what that is, that we can sort of rely on?
Adam Schechter: So, again, I'm just looking at the number of RFPs coming through our run rate, and so forth. And based upon what I see, as I sit here today. I expect us to have a better quarter and fourth quarter for book-to-bill in the third quarter. And sometimes book-to-bill is timing related you think you might get a trial the third quarter ends up falling to the fourth. I've always said to be careful to look at any one quarter when it comes to book-to-bill. And that's why we also provide the trailing 12 months. Yeah,
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks so much. Super helpful.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan, your question please.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much. Good morning. The other side of the business. Good morning when I think about the diagnostic side of business and the strong core growth. Just two questions there one, can you talk about where you are on managed care contracting and, you know, in helping them and the shift inside of care go into lower cost? Lab services like Labcorp versus, you know, and have inpatient etcetera. And then secondly, as we think about routine testing, are you seeing an increase in metabolic testing specifically, like A1c, as you think about the GLP, one praise?
Adam Schechter: Sure, this first one, you know, we're very pleased with the performance in the diagnostic sector, not just when you look at overall revenue, which includes Ascension. But when you look at the base business volume, if you look at that the base business volume was up 7.2%. And about 3.6% was from acquisition. So, it just tells you that the organic base business remains very strong. Our managed care contracting, we're in very good position. We've there finalized or are close to finalizing all of the contracts that were large and need to be renewed. And I would say, you know, there'll be a basically flat to slightly positive, which is a good place for us to be as we move into next year. So, I feel very good about that. You know, we look at metabolic testing. And then we look at all the different types of routine testing. And we haven't, yet we see that growing, but it's growing at consistent rates as it's grown before. And we still see our esoteric testing growing a little bit faster, but almost about the same as our routine testing. And if you look at like our metabolic testing, and so forth, we don't really see an acceleration there. And a lot of the metabolic testing is done in panels. And it's done with other tests, and so forth. So, I wouldn't expect to see a significant change necessarily, with the GLP ones moving forward. But the growth is very broad based. It's across geographies is across routine and esoteric testing. It's across all the different types of testing that we have. So, the underlying dynamics are very strong.
Lisa Gill: Its very helpful.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly from Citi. Your question, please.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the questions. Good morning, just a follow up on the early development side, you know, interesting to hear kind of maybe shifting towards a little bit new, newer of a customer base more towards the midsized. Does that, I guess, what does that entail? You just have to cater the offering a little bit more towards that customer base? And is there a little bit of disruption as that happens? Maybe just talk through how you think about moving the portfolio more towards that client base?
Adam Schechter: Yeah, absolutely. One of the things Patrick we're trying to do is to focus more on the specialty testing, and also thinking about how to expand internationally on things like companion diagnostics. When you think about a mid to large pharma company, as they develop more personalized medicine, they're going to want to have some type of diagnostic tool or companion diagnostic that they can use to develop to identify which patients are most apt to respond to the medicine, but also have it available ultimately, in the marketplace. So, where we're trying to go is to show pharma that they work with us early. We can help them develop their diagnostic tests. We have very strong capabilities and companion diagnostics, and developing specialty diagnostic tests. We can help them do their clinical trials to our Central Laboratories, and do all the companion diagnostic testing, and specialty testing. And ultimately, we want to be able to offer to them, that we can launch that test not only in the United States, but we can help them bring those specialty and companion diagnostic tests to other parts of the world. I think it'd be a very compelling discussion to have with pharma. And we're having some of those discussions as we speak.
Patrick Donnelly: Understood, thanks. And then maybe just on the margin piece, you know, obviously, you guys gave a pretty detailed guidance at the Analyst Day, maybe just near term, if you could talk through the moving pieces that sounds like you know, pricing relatively stable, but just the moving parts as we work our way into the end of the year, and then 24. And then just think high level about the margin piece. Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Thank you. Yeah, I'll ask them to jump in as well. I'd say the largest impact of margins, as I think about 2024 is PAMA. And we've built in about $80 million, almost $80 million of downside into our base case, assuming that PAMA comes next year. We're still trying to see, working with our trade group if there's a way to get the SALSA legislation approved. We have bipartisan support, but we had that last year. So, it's very hard to get things approved right now. We're also going to see if there's a way to delay for another year the implementation, but for our base case, we're assuming that there's about an $80 million impact that would negatively impact the margins next year. That's why we gave the long-term guidance. And we said it's 100 to 150 basis point increase over the time period. We said most of that will be after 2024. Because in 2024, we have to overcome PAMA. Let's wait and see if PAMA doesn't come or if it's delayed, then we'll have some upside there for sure.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, Patrick, just I guess, as you look to the two businesses, we feel good about where we are with the margins, they continue to improve on a base business level. As we think about going into the fourth quarter. We commented that within the biopharma side, we expect margins to be up in the fourth quarter and year-on-year, such that for the full year, there'll be flat to slightly up. In diagnostics, obviously, we have seasonality that impacts margins of fourth quarter sequentially, margins will be down, but they'll still be up year-over-year. So, that we expect diagnostics margins for the full year, to be up slightly, even after absorbing the negative impact from the Ascension mix. As Adam commented in the 100, to call it 150 basis point margin improvement that we expect over the next three years. We commented that the first-year margins would be relatively flat, we have around a 70-basis point headwind, if you will, between the combination of lower COVID testing, as well as the PAMA headwind that that Adam commented, but that's reflected still in the three-year expectation that margins would grow that 100 basis points to 150 basis points.
Patrick Donnelly: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Nephron Research. Your question please.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Meehan: Good morning, want to stick with the macro environment on the diagnostic lab side, Adam, are you seeing any recessionary signals at all in terms of the testing getting ordered? And then maybe on the flip side, hearing any change in the tenor of your hospital conversations around consolidation opportunities?
Adam Schechter: Yeah, Jack. So, you know, when you look at the macro dynamics, I would say for testing, it remains strong. And when you look at the volume that we're seeing, it remains very strong as well. And it's broad based across the country and esoteric and routine testing. If you go back to historical recessionary periods, the diagnostic business tends to continue to do well through those periods. So, I feel pretty confident that we're going to continue to be see strength there. When it comes to hospitals. You know, I've talked about how the hospital health system but also local and regional laboratory acquisition possibilities remain extraordinarily strong. And I think it's because they're struggling in the economic environment, with reimbursement with wages, and other things. And they're looking for ways that they can get some capital, but also look for people that are like experts in hiring, the types of jobs that we hire for managing the type of people that we manage. So, I think the macro environment for the health systems and for these local smaller regional laboratories is very strong for us to continue to find ways to do business development and find visual partnerships. So, it's actually a good environment for us to compete. But obviously, we want our hospital systems to remain solvent and, you know, they have a lot of things that they have to do to continue to be successful.
Jack Meehan: Great. And, Glenn, at the Analyst Day for 2024. You laid out some initial thinking it would be slightly below the 8.5% to 11%. EPS CAGR range. Just curious if anything, you know, in terms of the orders on the biopharma lab side or just anything else changes the way you're thinking about that? Thanks.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, no, Jack. Again, when we basically reaffirmed kind of our outlook for this year as well as our three years when we were at the Analyst Day, we knew there was some softness we had experienced within early development earlier. So, that continues, but as Adam said, kind of offset by the strength that we're seeing with on the Central lab side. So, for Biopharma, and for Diagnostic segments, we feel very good. So, if you look at call it that 8.5% to 11.5% EPS target over the next three years, the CAGR, we still feel very good about that, realizing that for 2024, because again of the headwinds from less COVID testing and PAMA, you'd have around 800 basis point headwind to EPS in 2024. So, still positive EPS growth year-on-year even with those headwinds, but lower than, if you will, the range that we had, but again, that three-year range includes that expectation for 2024.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Coldwell from Baird, your question, please.
Eric Coldwell: Good morning. Thank you I have two, the first one may be a bit confusing. So, bear with me, your largest competitor and early developments given some interesting color around their cancellations, and talked about how a majority of those cancellations they've experienced were predicated on awards that were made a year ago, two years ago stuff that was, you know, clients pre booking stuff when they were concerned about capacity and access in the future. You're talking more about small clients. And it sounds like maybe this is more recent stuff. But I'm curious if you could talk at all about the aging of the cancellations, how long ago were these awards made? And is this something more in the moment? Or perhaps just clean up from past client activity that was abnormal? And then --
Adam Schechter: Thanks for that clarification, we're seeing a similar thing that primarily with NHP trials that were, when there was supply issues, people started to get in line much earlier than they typically would to ensure that they could run their trials as fast as they could. Now that we have supply and so forth, as those clients studies are ready to go, they're not necessarily ready to go. Or they're thinking about their pipeline and other priorities, and so forth, because they booked these spots so far ago. So, that's the primary reason that we believe we're seeing these cancellations in early development.
Eric Coldwell: And then can you talk at all about gross awards in early development was that book-to-bill above one or below one this quarter?
Adam Schechter: So, if you look, overall, if you just look at the quarter would have been below one. But as again, with early development, I don't think book-to-bill is really a good way to look at that business. Because when it comes to early development, they're one month trial, three months trials, maybe six-month trial, so you can burn through those in the same year. Very quickly, I look at the book-to-bill, you know, because I think it's a historical way to look at the business. But EPS is very small compared to Central Laboratory and the vast majority of our Accentual laboratory work remains very strong. So, that's why I feel confident, as I look at the numbers of the future, because of the size of our Central Laboratory, the mix of customers and Central Laboratories more towards pharma, and big biotech and the book-to-bill it remains pretty good.
Eric Coldwell: Okay, thank you for that, Adam. And I was just hoping you could talk a bit about the FDAs LDT proposal here and maybe help us with some quantification of what your LDT mix looks like by revenue or volume or any color, commentary on what you see progressing with the proposed rule at the FDA. Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Yep, absolutely. So, you know, we were supportive of legislation called valid last year that would have given FDA oversight for laboratory developed tests. And it was unfortunate that it didn't get passed last year, had bipartisan support, we were supportive. It's disappointing that legislation didn't go through. So, we're supportive of working with the FDA to find ways for them to give appropriate oversight. We think that our science or innovation or technology capabilities actually differentiate us. And if you look at the rigor that we go through with our laboratory developed tests, we think we do the vast majority of what they would be asking for anyway. Working with ACLA, our trade organization, what we're worried about is if you take legislation that had an intended purpose, for one thing, and then you try to apply it to another thing, you have to be very thoughtful about that. The good news is the FDA has asked for comments, and we're going to provide comments and thoughts. At the end of the day, if it's fairly done, meaning that all laboratory developed tests have to do the same thing across big labs, small labs and everything else, as long as they can get these filings done quickly so that people have access to new innovations in a timely manner, like they do today. We believe that it will be minimal impact to us in terms of the amount of money or spend because we do a lot of that work anyway. With that said, it's less than 10% of our volume. So, laboratory developed tests are not a significant portion of our volume. But sometimes they are the most important test for new specialty areas. And trying to get those to patients quickly is what's most important for them.
Eric Coldwell: Adam with less than 10% of volume, I would assume the revenue contribution would be higher because they are as you just stated, a bit unique at the testing so could you talk --
Adam Schechter: It's less than 10% of the dollars to when I say less than 100% of the value is. It's less than 5%, frankly. And then the dollar is less than 10%.
Eric Coldwell: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tim Daley from Wells Fargo, your question please.
Tim Daley: So, first one on diagnostics, I think organic bass, this price mix, excluding Ascension was roughly 320 bits, if I just kind of back out the numbers. You know, if you break that out from like, like-for-like price versus mix impact for us in the quarter? And how is, standalone price been trending versus last quarter last year? I mean, healthcare would be great.
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure. Hey Tim, this is Glenn. That's right, we would agree that your 320 is in line with the, call it the organic price mix favorability excluding the impact that we would get from Ascension. You know, from a pricing standpoint, we continue to say pricing is kind of flat, maybe a little bit of a headwind. You heard Adam earlier in the future with the renewals of the managed care contracts, you know, that actually is a positive for us. But most of the time that favorability in our price mix continues to be on the mix side, we continue to see favorability in our tests per session, you know, whether the payer mix test mix with a lot of things esoteric relative to routine. So, we continue to experience good favorable price mix, but more on the mix side.
Tim Daley: Appreciate that. And then my second question is on the direct consumer, so good to see a continued menu and expansion. This quarter with the announcement, just can you update us on the revenue mix within consumer? Where was it this quarter? What are you expecting, as a piece of that 23 guidance? Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Yeah, no problem, Tim. So, direct to consumer advertising remains important. Wait for us to enable consumers to monitor and take care of the health. If you look at the dollar volume, especially if you take out the testing for COVID is still very small, and it's not worth it's not material enough to actually break out the numbers. We see it growing very substantially. But it's not necessarily at a point where we would break it out and give specific numbers for it. I think when it comes to consumer testing, we're going to see a lot more rope as we go through the years. At some point, if it reaches that material threshold, Tim will certainly start to break it out.
Tim Daley: Yeah, I appreciate time. Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright from Morgan Stanley, your question, please.
Erin Wright: Thanks. Hi, good morning. I know you mentioned the base margin improvement sequentially in the fourth quarter. But are you seeing the need in one of your competitors, as mentioned in that mentioning this, but stepped-up investments in labor? And just the current utilization environment? Maybe that some of the seasonality you were talking about in the fourth quarter, but how are you just thinking about the labor environment right now? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Yeah thanks, Erin. So, labor environment is tough across industries, across countries. I mean, there's no doubt that the good news is, you know, I look at our retention rates. And if you look at retention from 2019, we saw a significant loss of people and our actual turnover rate was up substantially in 2021 and 2022. If we now look at 2023, we've seen those rates come down in our biopharma business, they've come down almost to the 2019 levels. If you look at our diagnostic business, they're not yet at our 2019 levels, but they're getting closer. And you know, we expect there to be continued progress there. But we have had to pay a bit more in certain areas, we've had to be competitive in the marketplace. It does impact the margins. But at the same time, that's why we've been so aggressive with Launchpad. And we're on track to deliver the $350 million of Launchpad savings that we discussed in the past. We also at Investor Day talked about a $100 million to $125 million year reduction through Launchpad.  And we also mentioned that we have an increase in our margins over the 23 to 26 period of 100 to 150 basis points, mostly coming after the PAMA year in 2024. So, most of that in 25 and 26. So, at the end of the day, we realized we've got to find ways to reduce costs. So that we can offset some of the pressure that we're facing when it comes to, you know, the wages and so forth.
Erin Wright: Okay, thanks. That's helpful. And then on the early development business, just to enlighten the environment in some of the volatility you've been there. And what you've been talking about in terms of the Biopharma landscape, but you know, has anything changed in terms of your commitment to the business at this point? Is that an area that you'll continue to evaluate? Thanks?
Adam Schechter: Yeah, thanks Erin. You know, again, it is a very small part of our business. I mean, if you look at the business as a percent of Labcorp, it's very small, it's less than 10%, frankly. And if you look at it as a percent of the biopharma business, it's maybe 30% or so. So, at the end of the day, it's really Central Laboratory that drives our success and Biopharma. At the same time with the strategic things that we're trying to do with companion diagnostics. And work with pharma earlier, bringing those companion diagnostics to Central Laboratories, and then ultimately bring them to the marketplace. Strategically, I still think it makes sense. And I still think that we could do a lot of other things with our early development that helps us in the broader, bigger business that we have. And we continue to evaluate all things.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Kieran Ryan: You've got Kieran Ryan on for Pito. Thanks for taking the question. Just a quick one here. I just wanted to see how you guys are tracking on taking out some of the stranded costs after the span, I believe you were talking about targeting 25 million of the 45 million at the industry rate. So just wanted to see if there's any update there?
Adam Schechter: Yeah. All right. So, we're on target, we said we have this 25 million by the end of this year. So the runway next year, that would be taken out. But I think the most important piece is that that's not enough. And if we're going to do that, plus, we have to do more. So, as I said, we're on track for a $350 million Launchpad initiative. And we've committed to 100 million to 125 million per year, in the outer years, as we look at a long term forecast that includes $25 million of stranded costs, but it just tells you we've got to do a lot more.
Kieran Ryan: Got it. Thank you. And then just real quick on the Biopharma side, just wanted to check is there as we head into 24, is there any seasonality that we should be aware of there? And does that change at all after the spin versus pre spin or not? Not too much call out? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Yeah, I like to that answer question. In general, I don't see that there'll be a significant shift, in terms of we've always had some seasonality. And if you look at like Central labs, for example, they always start off a little bit slower in the first quarter, because a lot of pharma are starting to get their studies running in third quarter, sometimes a little slower as Europe comes back after vacation. But net-net, you know, there shouldn't be any significant changes to what we've seen in the past.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, that's right. And the numbers that we've provided historically have been restated for the company we are today. So, you can look at our enhanced disclosures that we have that you'll see some historical numbers. But the other interesting thing is, the seasonality of the two segments are a little bit counter to each other. So, it actually when you look at it from an enterprise level, mutes the seasonality for each of the businesses.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin from Bank of America, your question, please.
Unidentified Analyst : Good morning. This is John on for Derek. Wanted to revisit the PAMA issue there. I recognize that your guidance is assuming the PAMA impact as a base case, and you've talked about the 70 basis points of headwind between PAMA and COVID. But in the case of a delay, would you allocate that 80 million benefit that will turn into a benefit now between maybe letting it trickle down to margins versus investments?
Adam Schechter: Yeah, we're going to push for the vast majority of it to come down to margin. I mean, there might be some incremental minor investments, but we've got almost $80 million into the plan, and I would expect the vast majority of that to come down.
Unidentified Analyst : Appreciate it. And then with the ATN profile, could you comment on? What sort of reimbursement you've been able to negotiate with the payers versus what you're getting from the CMS? And I know, early earlier, you talked about the LBT tests as a volume, it's less than 5% and a sale that's less than 10%. But still curious if you plan on taking it for the FDA approval, or if there's going to be any sort of disruption there. Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Yeah. So, at this point, we don't think there'll be any disruption to the ATN profile, we've launched it into the marketplace. You know, some managed care organizations are starting to reimburse others we're in discussions with, but a lot of the reimbursement in that area is from providers and the health systems and so forth. So, we expect we'll have good reimbursement from those areas as we go forward. It's still relatively new tasks, were still have physicians, learning about the panel and so forth. So, it will take time, but over time, we expect it to be reimbursed well.
Unidentified Analyst : Thank you. That's all.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Tanquilut from Jefferies. Your question, please.
Brian Tanquilut: Good morning. I guess I'll start, Adam, as I think about a comment that your competitor made yesterday, like contract renewals. Just curious what you're seeing on your side in terms of contracting with payers, and your kind of like rate trends there as we think about upcoming rehabs and contracts?
Adam Schechter: Yeah, absolutely. Brian. So, you know, we've renegotiated the majority of our contracts were really, really finished. And, really close on one last one. But they ended up being very good negotiations, very good discussions, we think that ultimately, it will be flat, maybe slightly positive. So, I feel really good about that.
Brian Tanquilut: Got it. And then Glenn, you've talked about a three-year kind of like margin goals of 100 basis point to 150 basis point improvement, as we think about the moving parts between labor Launchpad. And I think we're getting questions from people asking, you know, when do we see the flow through of all that, and improving it in volumes to the margin line? How should we be thinking about that?
Glenn Eisenberg: Well, again, a lot of the, the expectation is that we're looking at good top line growth. So, we would expect to leverage off of that Launchpad savings that we've identified as well, and then being offset by labor and potentially continued inflationary environment. You know, for us, we talk a lot about labor, because it represents around 50% of our cost structure. So, we're very focused on it. And as Adam said, we are seeing some improvement in the attrition levels, but it's still higher than where it's been in the past. And there's a cost to that, let alone just the labor wage rates inflation, if you will, but all that's been factored in. So, to the extent we can continue to drive the top line that we feel confident about, and realize the Launchpad savings, which we feel confident about, we equally expect to see that margin improvement.
Brian Tanquilut: Awesome. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program, I'd like to hand the program back to Adam Schechter for any further remarks.
Adam Schechter : Thank you. Thank you all for joining us today. Hope you can tell that we remain very optimistic about the prospects for Labcorp as we continue to execute, and we execute well on our strategy, and that we believe our strategy is going to continue to drive substantial shareholder value. Hope everybody has a good rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Labcorps Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Chas Cook, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Chas Cook: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to Labcorps Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. As detailed in todays press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com, we posted both our press release and an Investor Relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the GAAP financial measures discussed during todays call. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the estimated 2023 guidance and the related assumptions, the impact of various factors on the companys businesses, operating and financial results, cash flows and/or financial condition, including the spin-off of Fortrea and its treatment as discontinued operations and general economic and market conditions, future business strategies, expected savings and synergies, including from the LaunchPad initiative, acquisitions and other transactions and opportunities for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements are subject to change based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control. More information is included in our recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in the companys other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now Ill turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Chas. Good morning, everyone. Before I cover our second quarter results, I want to first thank Chas for his leadership in Investor Relations over the last several years. Chas will be moving into the role of Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis effective in August. I also want to take this opportunity to welcome Kristin ODonnell, an accomplished leader in our finance organization, who has been appointed to Vice President of Investor Relations. Both Chas and Kristin will be in attendance at our upcoming Investor Day on September 14, and we look forward to seeing many of you in person. Beginning this quarter, Labcorp is reporting results without the inclusion of Fortrea, which is now an independent, publicly held company as a result of our successful spin on June 30. Moving forward, well report our laboratory services business under two segments, LabCorp Diagnostics Laboratories and Labcorp biopharma laboratory services. Biopharma laboratory services consists of two businesses: our Central Laboratories business, which represents about 70% of segment revenue and Early Development Research Laboratories, which although smaller, is also a leader in the market. In the second quarter, Labcorp delivered exceptional year-over-year growth in our Diagnostics Laboratories base business and generated strong growth in Central Laboratories. Early Development Research Laboratories continue to be constrained by industry-related supply chain issues that we expect to be resolved in the third quarter. We entered the second half of the year with clear operational focus and enhanced financial flexibility to advance our strategy. We see strong momentum in the base business and are excited about the growth opportunities before us. Now lets discuss our second quarter performance. In the quarter, revenue totaled $3 billion, adjusted earnings per share was $3.42, and free cash flow from continuing operations was $177 million. Our business is performing well with overall revenue increasing 4% compared to prior year. Base business revenue grew 13% to prior year. Diagnostics Laboratories base business revenue grew 16%, driven by both strong base business volume and Ascension. For Biopharma Laboratory Services, Second quarter revenue grew 3%, driven by Central Laboratories business, which grew 9%, partially offset by Early Development Research Laboratories, which was down 7% due to NHP supply constraints. We expect Early Development Research Laboratories to grow in the second half of the year versus prior year, and we do not expect impact from NHP supply constraints for the rest of the year. Enterprise base business margin was slightly down compared to the prior year due to the impact of Ascension, which we discussed previously. Diagnostic Laboratories base business margin increased versus prior year if you exclude Ascension. And Biopharma Laboratory Services margins expanded, benefiting from Central Laboratory strong volume increases. Glenn will provide more detail on our quarterly results as well as our updated 2023 outlook in just a moment. As we mentioned at the top of the call, we completed the spin of Fortrea business on June 30. We I want to thank both the Labcorp and Fortrea teams for their tireless efforts in achieving this milestone that positions us to better meet customer needs and delivers immediate value to our shareholders. We announced that well begin an accelerated $1 billion share repurchase program. Well pay off $300 million in maturing debt and well utilize the remainder of the $1.6 billion dividend to Labcorp from Fortrea to be returned to shareholders through additional future share purchases and/or cash dividends. The completion of the spin brings the growth opportunities of our laboratory businesses into full focus. We are poised to leverage our deep science, technology and innovative laboratory network to drive growth, and to deliver superior solutions to our customers. We are also in a very strong position operationally to advance our laboratory business. Here are several recent examples where we progressed our enterprise strategy in the second quarter. We continue to drive growth through health care system partnerships. Earlier this month, we finalized our strategic relationship with Jefferson Health, one of the largest health systems serving the Greater Philadelphia area in Southern New Jersey. This new collaboration will focus on future research and innovations to improve health outcomes. In May, we announced the next step in our long-standing relationship with Providence Health and Services to acquire its outreach laboratory business and select assets in Oregon. This transaction builds on our more than 20-year history with the Providence family of organizations. Finally, earlier in July, we announced a comprehensive lab relationship with Legacy Health in Portland, Oregon. Under this agreement, Labcorp will acquire select assets of its outreach laboratory business, including laboratory facilities and equipment and manage Legacys inpatient hospital laboratories. These relationships create immediate value for hospital systems for patients, for communities, while also providing significant growth opportunities for Labcorp. The partnerships meet our criteria of being accretive to earnings and cash in the first year. Although the margins are typically lower than the company average early on, they do improve over time. We are also pleased with our progress integrating hospital partnerships and acquisitions. For example, with Ascension, which we announced in 2022, we continue to see reduced employee turnover and improved performance due to our partnership. This scalable model connects our two mission-driven organizations to provide care teams with information to make the best possible decisions for patients. We continue to look for regional laboratory acquisitions in geographies where we can increase access to diagnostics and expand capabilities. As an example, this week, we completed our acquisition of certain assets of Enzo Biochems Clinical Laboratory division in New Jersey, which serves the New York tristate health care communities. We have a very robust pipeline of potential hospital and local laboratory acquisitions and well continue to focus energy and resources on this important opportunity for growth. Additionally, were investing in innovation and technology that supports diagnostic and drug development testing across disease areas, including cancer, Alzheimers and other diseases. In May, we commercially launched a new liquid biopsy test, enabling target therapy selection for patients with advanced or metastatic solid tumors. The Labcorp Plasma Focus test allows oncologists to better evaluate tumor cells and manage the care of patients through a precision therapy plan. Additionally, our portfolio of kits [ph] solutions from the acquisition of PGDx is gaining momentum with major health systems and academic centers. Our solutions can enable operational and financial efficiencies that are making us a key partner for hospital and health systems as they execute on their precision medicine programs. Recently, we were first laboratory to launch a test for pTau-181 in plasma, an important blood test for potential Alzheimers patients demonstrating symptoms of dementia. Our teams are at the forefront of Alzheimers testing as the number of people impacted by this disease is expected to double over the next two decades. In April, we broke ground on the expansion project of our new Central Laboratory facility in Japan. When complete at the end of 2024, the facility will enhance our Central Laboratory testing capabilities to support drug development. We also opened two new facilities in China, a new kit production facility in Suzhou and an immunology and immunotoxicology lab in Shanghai. In addition, we delivered impactful digital solutions to help our customers understand, manage and improve their health. As part of our commitment to improving the customer experience, we launched an advanced e-commerce platform to improve consumer engagement with Labcorp. The platform will support all of our businesses including Labcorp on demand, which offers consumers access to many of Labcorps innovative tests online nationwide. Lastly, I speak on behalf of the entire management team, when I say that we are excited about our upcoming Investor Day on September 14 in New York City. This event will highlight our go-forward strategy, offer business overviews and provide a longer-term financial outlook. We have a value creation road map that we are excited to share. Today marks a new chapter in our companys history. We have a team of more than 60,000 global employees with united focus. Labcorps base business is performing very well. Were executing on our growth strategy, and were leveraging Labcorps financial strength as well as operational focus to improve health, to improve lives while also increasing shareholder value. With that, Ill turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. Im going to start my comments with a review of our second quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with an update on our full year guidance. For reference, weve also included additional business information that can be found in our supplemental deck on our Investor Relations website.  With the spin completed on June 30, we have treated Fortrea as discontinued operations in the second quarter. All of my comments will reflect the current business and have been adjusted to exclude Fortrea in prior periods for comparative purposes. Revenue for the quarter was $3 billion, an increase of 3.8% compared to last year, primarily due to organic base business growth and the impact from acquisitions, partially offset by lower COVID testing. The base business grew 12.7% compared to the base business last year, while COVID testing revenue was down 88% and as we performed an average of 3,000 PCR tests per day in the quarter. Organically, in constant currency, the base business grew 10.8% and benefiting from the Ascension lab management agreement, which contributed approximately 5% of the organic growth. As a reminder, the outreach business that we acquired from Ascension is treated as an acquisition, while the lab management agreement is treated as organic growth. Operating income for the quarter was $266 million or 8.8% of revenue. During the quarter, we had $52 million of amortization and $131 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily related to the spin of Fortrea acquisitions and LaunchPad initiatives. Excluding these items, adjusted operating income in the quarter was $448 million or 14.8% of revenue compared to $548 million or 18.7% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income was due to lower COVID testing. The margin decline was also negatively affected by the mix impact from the Ascension lab management agreement. Excluding these items, margins would have been up slightly as the benefit of demand and LaunchPad savings were partially offset by higher personnel expense and increased R&D investments in oncology. Our LaunchPad initiatives continues to be on track to deliver $350 million of savings over the three-year period ending 2024. In addition, the company is implementing actions in the third quarter to take out $25 million of annualized stranded costs throughout the enterprise as a result of the spin. The tax rate for the quarter was 24.3%, the adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 23.9% compared to 25.3% last year. The lower adjusted rate was primarily due to R&D tax credits. We continue to expect our full year adjusted tax rate to be approximately 24%. Net earnings for the quarter from continuing operations were $155 million or $1.74 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS were $3.42 in the quarter, down 15% from last year due to lower COVID testing earnings as base business adjusted EPS was up approximately 18%. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was $280 million in the quarter, which was burdened by approximately $65 million of spin-related items. Operating cash flow of $280 million is down from $548 million a year ago, primarily due to lower COVID testing earnings and spin-related items. In addition, higher working capital requirements that are timing related were partially offset by higher base business earnings. Capital expenditures totaled $103 million, down from $140 million last year. For the full year, we continue to expect that capital expenditures will be approximately 3.5% of base business revenue. Free cash flow from continuing operations for the quarter was $177 million, including approximately $65 million of spin-related items. The company invested $137 million in acquisitions and paid out $65 million in dividends. While the company did not repurchase shares in the second quarter, we announced a $1 billion accelerated share repurchase program that we expect to put in place in the third quarter and be completed by year end. At quarter end, we had $1.9 billion in cash, including the $1.6 billion dividend from Fortrea spin, while debt was $5.3 billion. Our leverage was 2.6 times gross debt to trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA. Now Ill review our segment performance, beginning with Diagnostics Laboratories. Revenue for the quarter was $2.3 billion, an increase of 3.8% compared to last year, driven primarily by organic growth of 1.8% and acquisitions of 2.2%. The base business grew organically by 13.5% compared to the base business last year, while COVID testing revenue was down 88%. The Ascension lab management agreement contributed approximately 7% of the growth. Total volume increased 1.4% compared to last year as acquisition volume grew 2.5%, partially offset by organic volume of minus 1.1% due to COVID testing. Base business volume grew 8.1% compared to the base business last year, including the benefit from acquisitions of 2.7%. The strong year-over-year growth rate was also aided by lower-than-normal volume in the second quarter of 2022 due to Omicron. Price/mix increased 2.4% versus last year, primarily due to organic base business growth of 6.8%, partially offset by lower code testing of 3.9%. Base business organic price/mix was up 8% compared to base business last year, benefiting from the Ascension lab management agreement of approximately 7%. Diagnostics Laboratories adjusted operating income for the quarter was $410 million or 17.5% of revenue compared to $516 million or 22.9% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income was due to lower COVID testing, while the margin decline was also negatively impacted by the mix impact from Ascension. Base business margin, excluding the mix impact of Ascension was up approximately 40 basis points as the benefit of organic growth and LaunchPad savings were partially offset by higher personnel expense. Now Ill review our segment performance of Biopharma Laboratory Services. Revenue for the quarter was $699 million, an increase of 3.1% compared to last year, primarily due to an increase in organic revenue of 2.1% and foreign currency of 1.5%. The increase in organic revenue was negatively impacted by approximately 5% due to the previously communicated NHP related supply constraints in our Early Development Research Laboratories business. Adjusted operating income for the segment was $105 million or 15% of revenue compared to $93 million or 13.7% last year. The increase in adjusted operating income and margin was due to organic demand and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel expense. We ended the quarter with backlog of $8 billion, and we expect approximately $2.5 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Now Ill discuss our 2023 full year guidance, which assumes foreign exchange rates effective as of June 30, 2023, for the full year. The enterprise guidance also includes the impact from currently anticipated capital allocation, with free cash flow targeted for acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends; in addition, the guidance includes the $1 billion accelerated share repurchase program with proceeds from the spin. Excluding Fortrea, our current enterprise guidance for revenue, earnings and cash flow remains unchanged from our prior guidance given in April. Enterprise revenue is in line with Diagnostics Laboratories slightly up while Biopharma Laboratory Services is slightly down. We expect Enterprise revenue to grow 1.5% to 3% compared to 2022. This increase reflects the base business growing 11.3% to 12.6%, while COVID testing is expected to decline 85% to 89%. We expect Diagnostics Laboratories revenue to be up 0.5% to 1.5% compared to 2022. This is a 25 basis point increase at the midpoint from our April guidance as the base business outlook has improved, partially offset by lower COVID testing. This guidance includes the expectation that the base business will grow 13.2% to 14.2%, which includes approximately 5% growth from Ascension. The base business has improved from our April guidance based on stronger demand. We continue to expect Diagnostics Laboratories base business margin to be slightly up in 2023 versus 2022 and including the unfavorable mix impact from Ascension. We expect Biopharma Laboratory Services revenue to grow 3% to 4.5% compared to 2022. This guidance includes the positive impact from foreign currency of 150 basis points. The midpoint of our guidance range is down approximately 75 basis points from the midpoint of our April guidance, but implies around 9.5% growth in the second half of the year as we expect favorable growth in both Central Laboratories and Early Development Research Laboratories. We also expect that the segment margin will be flat to slightly up in 2023 compared to 2022. Our guidance range for adjusted EPS and is $13 to $14, which is consistent with our April guidance, excluding Fortrea and including the impact from the accelerated share repurchase program. Free cash flow from continuing operations, excluding spin-related items, is expected to be between $800 million to $1 billion, in line with our prior guidance, excluding Fortrea. In summary, we expect to drive continued profitable growth in our base business. We expect to continue to use our free cash flow generation for acquisitions that supplement our organic growth, while also returning capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program and dividends. Operator, well now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] One moment for our first question. And our first question will come from the line of Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Meehan: My questions are on the new Biopharma Lab Services segment. So number one, was curious if you could comment on just how much visibility you have into the improvement youre looking for in the second half of the year for Early Development Research Labs? And just give us an update in terms of the supply situation for NHPs.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So, first of all, Ill answer the second part first. So, were in good shape for the rest of the year with NHP. We dont expect any additional impact as we go through the second half. And then to answer the first question, if you just look at the midpoint of our guidance, it would imply about a 9.5% increase year-over-year. And thats going to come from both segments, the NHP segment as well as from the Clinical Laboratory  the Early Development Research Laboratory as well as the Clinical Research Laboratory segments.
Jack Meehan: Great. Okay. And then maybe for Glenn, just for the segment overall, could you talk about expectations for the second half margin ramp in Biopharma Lab Services and just how we should be  if you can hear me any thoughts on the leaping off point for 2024?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, hi Jack. So, when we think about margins, again, specifically for Biopharma, obviously, we expect to see a second half margin year improve over the first half and improve year-over-year. So, again, benefiting from the top line growth that Adam said was kind of in the implied revenue growth of 9.5% for the segment, well get good leverage over that as well as benefiting from LaunchPad. We said that for the full year for Biopharma, margins will be flat to slightly up, again, consistent with, frankly, Diagnostics margins being up a little bit and for the enterprise as well, including the negative impact from Ascension. So, we feel good about margins driven off of the top line. When you look at the quarter, we felt actually very good with a 15% margin in the quarter for Biopharma, realizing that we had very strong growth coming from Central Lab that really helped it, but also we had negative growth from Early Development Research, which constrained it. So, we feel good about where we are kind of as a run rate. And if we can maintain that level of margin, that will get us, again, higher margins for the full year as well as year-over-year.
Jack Meehan: Thank you, Glenn.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Lisa.
Lisa Gill: Good morning. Its nice to talk to you guys again. Thanks for taking my questions. When I look at your expectations and I look at the revenue growth rate, can you talk about utilization trends? Do you think that there is still some level of pent-up demand? How do I think about this versus 2019 baseline would be kind of my utilization question? And then secondly, how do I think about reimbursement trends, especially on the managed care side. I know two years ago we talked a lot about shifts towards some type of value-based economics. Are we finally there? And if so, can you maybe talk about some of the things that you're seeing in the market?
Adam Schechter: Yes. I'll let Glenn answer the first question. I'll take the second one. Lisa, if you look at the reimbursement trends, what I would say is that it continues to be a relatively stable environment. And I feel good about our interactions with the payers, I feel good about our contracts that we have in place. I wouldn't say yet we're there for value-based contracts and so forth. I think there's still a lot of experimentation that happens, but we don't see a lot of significant progress. With all that said, I believe that we're in a very good position moving forward with the payers, and there's nothing that I would expect to be unexpected. What we're watching closely obviously is PAMA to see what happens there and government reimbursement on certain areas. But overall, it remains a pretty healthy environment.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. And Lisa, on the utilization; so as you think about the quarter, obviously from a base business organic standpoint we were up 13.5%, so obviously very strong growth when you look year-on-year, but including the benefit from Ascension. So think about kind of the same-store sales, if you will, growth, excluding the impact of Ascension we're up around 7%, so higher than normal growth rates in part given the comp that we would have had a year ago. And of that around 5.5% of that is coming from our volume and the other 1.5%, call it from favorable price mix. So as you think about it relative to 2019 kind of pre-pandemic, are we tracking at a more normal level, we would say we are now. If you look at the compound annual growth rate compared to 2019, again that 7% year-on-year growth this year would have been more like around a 4% compound growth rate compared to 2019, with volume in between, call it, 1%, 1.5% growth rate compared to 2019. So as we think about volume normally historically at 1% to 2%, we're kind of sitting squarely in the middle of that. So it says we're tracking more normal, but the year-over-year is benefiting from some softness last year.
Lisa Gill: That's helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Your line is open/
Adam Schechter: Good morning, A.J.
A.J. Rice: Hi everybody. Maybe just asking, I know a discussion point over the last year has been labor. I just wondered if there is updated thoughts on whether the pressure points in the last year are still the same. Is there any updated thoughts on general average wage increases? And I wanted to just make sure I understood on that $25 million of stranded cost; is that in the Biopharma Lab Services? Or is that how somewhere else? And what's the time frame for winding that down?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I'll start with labor, A.J. I mean, obviously labor has been an issue that I think all of health care has been struggling with a bit since COVID. What I would say is if we look at our turnover rates, although they're still higher than they were prior to COVID, they actually look better this year than they did last year, and we're seeing some improvement. Wage inflation continues to be an issue, and we continue to use LaunchPad savings to offset that as best we can. As we look at the $25 million stranded costs that we're going to be removing, it's enterprise-wide. By the end of this year we'll be on the run rate to remove that for next year. But importantly, we're still committed to the $350 million of LaunchPad savings that we've talked about in the past despite the fact that we no longer have the clinical business, where some of that cost savings obviously would have come from. So we are going to continue to look for ways to reduce costs across the enterprise to offset some of the other pressures that we've talked about.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. A.J., just adding to that and more specifically, the $25 million of annualized cost, stranded costs that will take out this year to your point, while it will be throughout the whole enterprise. Obviously, a lot of it initially will come from the Biopharma segment. So this is the, call it the support that we have at the segment level that's supporting was all three of the businesses that included the Fortrea business now supporting the two. So we'll look to take out a lot of those stranded costs. In addition, we'll take out some stranded costs that's in corporate unallocated that wouldn't have been allocated to any of the businesses. Having said that, when you look at our corporate unallocated number we did around $66 million in the quarter, we have been seeing an increase in that relative to the R&D investments we're making in oncology. So very targeted investments that will kind of be offset that growth by some of the costs coming out of corporate and allocated due to stranded. So as we think about the run rate of corporate unallocated, that $66 million should still hold true, so it's roughly around 2.2% of our revenues. So as we think longer term, in addition to the $25 million that we're taking out, which is more of a short-term cost to take out of the stranded, we feel there's also some other opportunities to take out additional costs within the corporate unallocated as we go forward and then obviously look to see the company through organic growth as well as acquisition growth. As we grow as a company, we'll be able to leverage the infrastructure and the cost structure we have there even more.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Eric Coldwell with Baird. Your line is now open.
Adam Schechter: Eric, good morning.
Eric Coldwell: Hey good morning. First, if you don't mind, I'm going to ask two. On the $25 million cost action, the incremental does that represent  what portion of the stranded cost does that represent? I assume it's not the full amount, but could you tell us how that stacks up compared to the total?
Adam Schechter: Yes. There's about $45 million of stranded cost, give or take a couple of million. And we're going to  we have a path forward, and we've identified the $25 million of that.
Eric Coldwell: Okay. Perfect. And then my first question was really going back to the NHP. Surprising to hear you say you don't expect a headwind or have no issues there in the back half. I'm curious how that is? Is it due to new supply access that you've been able to get your hands on? Is it pricing? Has something changed in the market that's allowing you to work around the obvious Cambodian issue? Just curious more on the mechanics of how you do not see a headwind from NHPs in the back half?
Adam Schechter: Yes, Eric. First thing I'd say is as we look at the studies that we have for the back half, we already have the NHPs that we need to support the studies. When we first realized this issue, we immediately began to look for alternative suppliers to ensure that we would have capacity. The reason it took us through the first half of this year is because even when you receive the NHPs, there's an acclimation period before you can utilize them in study. So we've worked through that and based upon what we have today, we feel confident in NHP trials going through the second half of the year, which is why at the midpoint of the guidance, we feel comfortable of 9.5% for the Biopharma Laboratory business.
Eric Coldwell: Is there a  Adam, is there a pricing component on top of that, that would be incremental year-over-year that perhaps the volume is not quite equivalent to last year, but with additional pricing you're getting to, you're able to not have- a year-over-year headwind?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So what I would say is it is more costly today for NHPs than it was in the past. Much of that cost can be passed on to the customer. With that said, however, the margin on that cost is not able to be passed along. So it does impact margin a bit, but it doesn't impact us negatively. We can pass upon the increased cost.
Eric Coldwell: Okay. Thank you very much.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you, Eric.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brian Tanquilut: Hey good morning, guys. Just one question. I really appreciate the color that you've shared on the  on your progress or success with hospital partnerships. Just curious what those incremental conversations are with, and what the pipeline looks like? And what are hospitals looking for now as they try to figure out lab strategy and who to partner with because obviously you're not just the only one looking for deals in this space? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thanks Brian and good morning. We're excited about the success that we've had with the hospital partnerships. I mentioned the three just in this last quarter that we were able to move forward with Jefferson legacy and an additional part of Providence. And the pipeline remains very strong. As I look at the pipeline of potential hospital [indiscernible], I'm excited about the opportunities before us. I think the hospitals are looking for several things. First and foremost, you have to be able to give them patient continuity. They need to make sure that there's no impact to their patients if they do a laboratory agreement. Second thing is science innovation technology; they want to find ways to actually get better science, get better information faster so that they can get better patient care as they move forward. The third thing that they're obviously looking for is to ensure that there is the ability to kind of have a long-term relationship. So I mentioned Providence, a 20-year relationships, these are long-term deals. They take a long time to get up and running and you want to make sure you choose the right partner that's going to be a long-term partner. And as I look forward into the future, this will be a significant area of focus for Labcorp as I think it represents a tremendous growth opportunity.
Brian Tanquilut: Awesome. Thank you, guys.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Caliendo: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to make sure I understand the bridge. You said that your guidance is unchanged, excluding Fortrea and excluding the ASR, which is going to start sometime in the third quarter. But that also includes $45 million of stranded costs, $25 million of which are going to come out, and maybe higher labor expenses. I guess is there anything else? Is there any contribution from Enzo or lower COVID or anything else that's changed from your assumptions when you provided it in April? Just trying to bridge to get to where we are and if those are the only inputs that we should be thinking about?
Adam Schechter: Yes, go ahead, Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. So, hi, Kevin. So you're right. So as we went back and obviously looked at the current outlook, we said that overall at the enterprise level consistent at the midpoint with revenues, earnings, cash flow and we obviously talked a bit about some pluses and minuses within the businesses that made up that at the enterprise level, where we were excluding Fortrea, when you work down to the earnings similar. So we had the earnings that we would have had in our outlook. We backed out the earnings in April, if you will, taking out Fortrea, but obviously we had the cash from the spin that we added back in there. And so from an earnings and then similar cash flow at the $900 million free cash flow from continuing ops, again, excluding spend, excluding Fortrea; so all of those would have been in line with the expectations that we had in April. When you look at acquisitions to Enzo in particular. So Enzo, we talked about that free cash flow in our guidance, the free cash flow we generated in the year is between M&A, share repurchases and dividends. So there's a portion of that capital, that's an M&A that we include in the enterprise revenues and that we don't include it in the segment revenues until those transactions are actually completed and then we move them down, wouldn't change the enterprise number, but it will affect if you will kind of a segment. Similarly, with lower COVID than what we were expecting in April, that's being absorbed by stronger base business demand in diagnostics. So favorable diagnostics on the upside, a little softness within the biopharma services and a little softness in COVID, but netting out to the enterprise. So that's how we kind of come back to the consistency, if you will, if they're in lines with the pluses and minuses. And LaunchPad again we talked about is continuing on track. So when we think about the labor markets, really no change in our viewpoint from labor. I mean, frankly, our attrition rates are tracking better than they have been a year ago, even though it's still higher than what we would have seen pre-pandemic. The cost  the inflationary costs really haven't changed much from where we were thinking they would be in April. So that's, frankly, we would say kind of in line with where we would have thought. So overall, we feel, again, good about what we thought our businesses were going to do this year continues to be that same pace.
Kevin Caliendo: That's super helpful. If I can ask a quick follow-up to Eric's question. I understand that you have visibility on the second half for NHP in early stage and that may have been a run through from the first half and with some of the delays in the supply. I guess my question is what's happening to demand going forward? Like I know you had visibility on these contracts. But what's happening with demand beyond that as you look forward into 2024 or the second half of the year for new business? And what's happening with the pricing in that market now with the supply coming back online?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So let me give you some context, and I'll start broad, but then I'll narrow it down to the exact answer your question. Broadly, if you look across Biopharma Laboratories, we feel good about the book of business that we have. We have a book-to-bill of 1.22 trailing 12-month book-to-bill of 1.22. And it's important to note with the new mix of business that we have, having early development and having our essential laboratories, a book-to-bill 1.1 to 1.2 is healthy. So the book-to-bill is healthy. If we look at our central laboratory business and orders and RFPs, it continues to be very strong and robust. If we look at our early development, we still continue to have a significant number of RFPs about the same as what we've seen before. But in the very emerging and smaller biotechs, we are seeing some pressure particularly as some of them are canceling studies and so forth. Overall, we continue to see very good demand as we walk into next year. When we look at our trailing 12-month book-to-bill, it gives us significant confidence as we go into next year. And the good news is that if you look at the business overall, we are very much skewed towards large pharma, large biotech when you look at the overall laboratory business.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Derik.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey. Good morning. This is actually John on for Derik.
Adam Schechter: Hello John.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey. Good morning. So you talked about your capital allocation. Of course, there's a share repurchase of $1 billion, there are dividends to be paid, and you've talked about the outreach labs and inpatient hospital labs that you've acquired. I wanted to ask what other kinds of assets you're looking at, perhaps in terms of the field in advanced diagnostics beyond PGDx.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thanks for the question. And you're exactly right, our capital allocation, we focus right now we have a $1 billion accelerated repo program. We've got our dividend that we're committed to. We're going to pay down some maturing debt. And at the same time, we have significant opportunity with hospital laboratories as well as local laboratories as well. And that's the primary focus of what we see in the near-term. I don't see us doing anything that would be a significant deal outside of our core expertise. We're focused on our core and maximizing our core. And as I look at the other parts of our business, I feel like we have a good portion of what we need. There doesn't seem to be anything strategically that we're missing. So it's really going to be about the hospital, local laboratories primarily.
Unidentified Analyst: I appreciate that. And you briefly mentioned PAMA. So wanted to ask what your expectations for PAMA for the forthcoming years? And any updated thoughts on SALSA as well?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So we are hopeful that there's a path forward on SALSA. ACLA, the trade organization is working on that. But at the same time we realized that we've got to be prepared in case PAMA does get implemented again next year. So when we think about next year, we've built into a plan about $75 million of downside due to PAMA. I'm hoping that we won't realize that, but we have to create our business model, assuming that does occur and have our cost base reflected what we would do if that does happen. I am optimistic that people realize the importance of our industry, the importance of what we do. And therefore, PAMA will not be implemented in the way it has in the past, but that's not what we're planning for as we look forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is now open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Patrick. Thanks for the question.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey. How are you? Maybe just a quick one on Ascension; can you just talk about how that's tracking both on the revenue side? And then you mentioned, obviously the margin piece, I know it's a big focus in terms of ramping that up to corporate average and then some. So I would love just an update on Ascension, how you're tracking and the cost side as well?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I'll start, and then Glenn can add some commentary. So we're very pleased with the relationship that we have with Ascension and how the deal is progressing. In particular, the integration is going very, very well. We've given kind of a sense of $550 million to $600 million is what we expect the revenue to be. I would say it's probably contributing more towards the higher end of that than the lower end of that. And if you look at the margins, we said it was going to start up at the low-single-digits and then get to the mid-single digits after the first year, and it's certainly on track to do that. And then we expect next year and the following years for the margin to continue to improve. Ultimately, because of the mix of Ascension being heavily towards managing their laboratories, the margin will never get to our average margin, but it will continue to improve over time.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, the only thing I'd add is that when you think about, again what's changed in our outlook a little bit, part of that is the benefit of Ascension. As Adam said, we're clearly towards the upper or at the upper end of the expectations we had, so improved on the volume side. And then in addition from a margin standpoint, while we're initially expecting, call it that low-to-mid-single digits we're tracking well there as we get that additional volume coming through with momentum taking us into the rest of the year.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] [Technical Difficulty] Pito, your line is now open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Pito.
Kieran Ryan: Hi there. Hi there. You've got Kieran Ryan on for Pito. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to go back to the biopharma book-to-bill real quick; it sounds like you're happy with where that metric is. I know the quarterly number came in at 1.06, so up a little bit sequentially, still down versus kind of historical. But it sounds like from the commentary you gave that maybe we shouldn't expect much like a huge rebound in that metric in the back half even as early development starts to accelerate?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So if you look at our trend in 12 months, it's 1.23; and that's a very healthy book-to-bill, particularly for the businesses that we have. Early development typically would have a lower book-to-bill because the studies burn much faster and you can actually have studies that start and finish within a given year. So anything between a 1.1 and a 1.2, we consider to be healthy. And as we look forward, we continue to feel that there's plenty of opportunities, the RFPs continue to look good, so we're optimistic about where we're seeing the book to-go.
Kieran Ryan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our final question comes from the line of Tim Daley with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Tim.
Tim Daley: Hey, thank you. Hi, everybody. Just wanted to get a bit more detail on the capital deployment strategy, specifically related to international. So highlighted the Biopharma Lab services expansion in Japan and China, adding footprint on central lab and early development there. I think just using some of the previous disclosures, I know it's tough to get to, but it does seem like a lot of the Asia exposure went with the clinical business. Is this a pointed strategy that try to gain some footprint back in Asia? Is this longer term, where  what do you  how do you think about the international footprint of the Bio segment; where you want to be capability-wise and scale?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you, Tim. And the things that we announced today, obviously we had those underway for quite some time to plan and prepare for, so that's irrespective of the clinical business or not. At the end of the day when you think about China, Japan, that's the second and third largest market in the world for pharma. So you need to have a very strong presence to have the capability to meet the needs of the pharmaceutical clients and the biotechnology clients. So it's just our way for us to continue to meet those customer needs. And we've done a lot in the past in terms of ensuring that we have a global presence, and I feel good about the global presence that we have today. We are significantly further ahead, particularly with our central laboratory business than we were before.
Tim Daley: All right. Got it. And then just a kind of housekeeping one here. Now that we've got the new structure for the segments, how should we be thinking about communication guidance for the two thinking about growth, sub-segments, margins, any  any color kind of regular KPIs for us going forward?
Glenn Eisenberg: Hi, Tim. What you'll see is that consistent with what we've done before. So the same metrics that we provided for the two segments will continue. Obviously, Biopharma Laboratory Services now consists of the two versus the three businesses. But you'll see in the enhanced disclosures that we provided, we continue to do a breakout of the individual businesses. And that from the segment standpoint we give guidance for their top line for the year. We provide, obviously in our remarks the trailing 12 months, which is really where we focus on book-to-bill and backlog and orders. But in the enhanced disclosures, we also provide that on a quarterly basis, so none of the changes from where we've been providing before.
Tim Daley: Alright. Great. And congrats, Chas. I look forward to working with you, Christen [ph].
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference back over to Mr. Adam Schechter for closing remarks, please.
Adam Schechter: All right. Thank you, everybody for joining us today. And we really do look forward to sharing more with all of you at our Investor Day in September. So we look forward to that time. We wish you, in the meantime a very happy and healthy summer, and we'll see you in September.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Labcorps Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Chas Cook. Sir, you may begin.
Chas Cook: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to Labcorps first quarter 2023 conference call. As detailed in todays press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com, we posted both our press release and an Investor Relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the GAAP financial measures discussed during todays call. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the estimated 2023 guidance and the related assumptions, the proposed spinoff of the clinical development business, the impact of various factors on the companys businesses, operating and financial results, cash flows and/or financial condition, including the COVID-19 pandemic and general economic and market conditions, future business strategies, expected savings and synergies, including from the LaunchPad initiative, acquisitions and other transactions and opportunities for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements are subject to change based on a use factors, many of which are beyond our control. More information is included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in the companys other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now Ill turn the call over to Adam Schechter.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Chas. Good morning, everyone. It is great to be with you today to discuss the start of 2023 and the progress that were making. Our first quarter results set the foundation for a strong 2023. Performance this quarter was driven by very strong momentum across our diagnostic business, continued industry leadership in central laboratories, solid fundamentals and staffing improvements and early development and a mixed quarter for clinical development. For drug development, we expected the first half of 2023 to be more challenging than the second as the first half continues to be impacted by NHP shortages, the previously noted loss of an FSP contract and lower COVID-related work. We are on track to complete the spin of our clinical development business midyear, and we anticipate the business to accelerate in the second half of 2023, once Fortrea is officially launched. Customers have been positive about the transaction and our progress with some short-term customer delays as well as a slightly slower backlog burn rate compared to previous years. Sometimes they are waiting until after the transaction is complete to award new business, but our dialogue remains encouraging as we approach the close as evidenced by a renewal of an FSP contract with a large pharma customer this quarter. In the first quarter, revenue totaled $3.8 billion, adjusted earnings per share was $3.82 and free cash flow was $27 million. Overall, our base business is performing well. Excluding COVID testing revenue, enterprise-based business revenue grew 10% in the first quarter versus the same period of prior year. Since 2019, prior to COVID, both diagnostics and drug development based businesses have grown revenue at approximately 7% CAGR. The Diagnostics Base Business revenue grew 20% year-over-year in the quarter. This strong top line performance continues to be driven by both routine and esoteric testing as well as a benefit from hospital deals, including our Ascension partnership. For Drug Development, first quarter revenue declined 4% versus prior year. Drug Development ended the quarter with a trailing 12-month book-to-bill of 1.27. Enterprise Base Business margins were lower than prior year. However, we still anticipate slight margin expansion for 2023. As we continue the Ascension integration, we overcome NHP supply issues, and we realized benefits from the LaunchPad initiative. We are continuing to implement cost controls across both businesses to offset inflationary pressures. Finally, COVID PCR testing volumes declined during the quarter, more than expected, totaling more than 870,000 tests performed and averaging 10,000 tests per day. We expect COVID testing to continue to decline. Glenn will provide additional detail on our quarterly results as well as our 2023 outlook in just a moment. Moving now to an update on the planned spin of our Clinical Development Business, we are on track to complete the spin midyear, subject to the regulatory approval process. We have confidence in the foundation that has been established despite short-term pressures. Fortrea will benefit from the leadership of Tom Pike as CEO. We plan to announce the leadership team and the Fortrea Board of Directors in the near future. We encourage you to visit fortrea.com to learn more. Upon completion, well create two strong independent companies through a tax-fee transaction. Both Labcorp and Fortrea will emerge from a transaction with their ability to better meet customer needs, to drive sustainable and profitable growth, and to deliver attractive shareholder returns. Ill now move to our enterprise strategy. We are laying the groundwork for the future by executing against our strategic initiatives. We continue to integrate Ascension assets and operations in the first quarter. Labcorp is now managing laboratories in nearly 100 Ascension hospitals. Ascension health system laboratories and other deals including our previously announced strategic relationship with RWJ Barnabus Health are strong proof points of our ability to generate growth through future healthcare system partnerships. Health systems are adapting to financial pressures, inflation, labor shortages, and other challenges, and theyre seeking the right laboratory partner amidst these headwinds. We are working with our health system partners to develop tailored, innovative and cost effective solutions that meet the unique needs of their patients and providers. Last month, we entered into agreement with Enzo Biochem to acquire the assets of its clinical laboratory division. Today, we are in active discussions to expand relationships and execute new engagements with other partners. The pipeline for hospital and local lab acquisition and investment is robust. And we look forward to updating you on existing in new partnerships throughout the year. Turning to oncology, we partnered with ImmunoGen on an Immunohistochemistry sponsored testing program to increase access for patients with ovarian cancer. Additionally, Labcorp added HER2 low reporting to the IHC test for breast cancer. This test is the only FDA-approved companion diagnostic of HER2 low status for patients with metastatic breast cancer, impacting patient eligibility for treatments and therapies that can improve outcomes. Labcorp also entered into a strategic collaboration with VieCure to provide clinicians greater access to precision oncology decision support. This collaboration builds on our capabilities to improve access to high quality care for cancer patients and their community cancer care providers. We continue to expand our digital health platform Labcorp OnDemand. We launched three new tests in the first quarter, including a PSA prostate cancer screening test, a hepatitis B immunity test, and a fatigue test for people with chronic fatigue systems including post-COVID fatigue. Before I wrap up, we are looking forward to two upcoming events though provide investors more color on our near to mid-term future. We have Fortrea Investor Day tentatively scheduled for June 6 in which well discuss the exciting opportunities ahead. We expect the Form 10 to be available in advance of the meeting. Additionally, we are planning a Labcorp Investor Day, which is tentatively scheduled for September. Labcorp is strong today and will emerge from the completion of the upcoming spin even stronger. Our diagnostics laboratory, early development research laboratory and central laboratory businesses are market leaders with solid fundamentals. Were executing against our long-term strategy that will position these businesses for continued growth in the future. I want to take a moment to thank our team for their continued contributions to Labcorp and our customers. The team is generating strong base business performance while preparing for transformational transaction mid-year. At more than 80,000 strong, our team works every day to find new ways to harness science, innovation, and technology for the betterment of our stakeholders. Labcorp is well-positioned to progress our mission to improve health and improve lives while generating attractive returns for shareholders. With that, Ill turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. Im going to start my comments with a review of first quarter results followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with an update on our full year guidance. For reference, we have also included additional business information that can be found in our supplemental deck on our Investor Relations website. Revenue for the quarter was $3.8 billion, a decrease of 3.1% compared to last year due to lower COVID testing and the negative impact from foreign currency. This was partially offset by organic based business growth and the impact from acquisitions. COVID testing revenue was down 84% compared to COVID testing last year, while the base business grew 9.8% compared to the base business last year. Organically in constant currency, the base business grew 9.2%, benefiting from the Ascension lab management agreement, which contributed approximately 4% of the organic growth. As a reminder, the outreach business that we acquired from Ascension is treated as an acquisition while the lab management agreement is treated as organic growth. Operating income for the quarter was $341 million or 9% of revenue. During the quarter, we had $69 million of amortization and $83 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily related acquisitions, LaunchPad initiatives, and the proposed spin of Fortrea. Excluding these items, adjusted operating income in the quarter was $494 million or 13.1% of revenue compared to $794 million or 20.4% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income was due to lower COVID testing demand. The margin decline was also negatively affected by the mixed impact from the Ascension TSA and NHP related constraints. Excluding these items, margins wouldve been up slightly as the benefit of demand and LaunchPad savings were partially upset by higher personnel expense, inflationary costs, and increased R&D investments in oncology. Our LaunchPad initiative continues to be on track to deliver $350 million of savings over the three year period ending 2024. The tax rate for the quarter was 23.2%. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 22.9% compared to 23.4% last year. The lower adjusted tax rate was primarily due to the benefit from increased R&D tax credits. We continue to expect our full year adjusted tax rate to be approximately 24%. Net earnings for the quarter were $213 million or $2.39 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS were $3.82 in the quarter, down 37% from last year due to lower COVID testing earnings as base business adjusted EPS was up 10%. Operating cash flow was $121 million in the quarter compared to $356 million a year ago. The decrease in operating cash flow was due to lower COVID testing earnings and spin related costs, partially offset by higher base business earnings. Capital expenditures totaled $94 million down from $117 million last year. For the full year, we continue to expect that capital expenditures will be approximately 3.5% of base business revenue. Free cash flow for the quarter was $27 million and the company paid out $64 million in dividends. The first quarter is generally the companys softest quarter for free cash flow. We continue to expect our full year free cash flow to be between $1 billion to $1.2 billion. Now review our segment performance beginning with diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $2.4 billion, a decrease of 2.9% compared to last year, driven by organic revenue being down 4.7%, which was due to COVID testing, partially offset by acquisitions of 2%. COVID testing revenue was down 84% compared to COVID testing last year, while the base business grew organically by 17.5% compared to the base business last year. The Ascension lab management agreement contributed approximately 7% of the growth, while the impact of weather and revenue days benefited growth by approximately 2%. Total volume decreased 3.3% compared to last year, as organic volume decreased by 5.6%, partially offset by acquisition volume of 2.3%. The decline in volume was due to COVID testing. Base business volume grew 11% compared to base business last year, including the benefit from acquisitions of 2.6% and favorable weather and revenue days of approximately 2%. The strong year-over-year growth rate was also impacted by lower than normal volume in the first quarter of 2022, due to Omicron. Price mix increased 0.4% versus last year as the base business improved 6.6% and was partially offset by lower COVID testing of 5.7%, currency of 0.3% and acquisitions of 0.2%. Base business price mix was up 8.8% compared to base business last year, benefiting from the Ascension lab management agreement of approximately 7%. Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $442 million or 18.5% of revenue compared to $683 million or 27.8% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was due to a reduction in COVID testing, which carried a margin of approximately 50% for the quarter. Going forward, we expect a lower margin for COVID testing, but still above the segment average. Base business margin was up approximately 80 basis points driven by organic growth and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel expense and the mix impact from the Ascension TSA. Now review the performance of drug development. Revenue for the quarter was $1.4 billion, a decrease of 4% compared to last year, primarily due to decreased organic revenue of 2.4% and foreign currency of 1.5%. The decrease in adjusted organic revenue was negatively impacted by approximately 8% due to NHP related constraints, reduced COVID vaccine and therapeutic work, and the previously mentioned FSP contract loss. The early development business was the most constrained by these items. Excluding these impacts, organic base business revenue for the segment grew approximately 6% with early development up 17%, central lab up 6% and clinical development up 3%. Reported first quarter drug development revenues on a compounded annual basis grew 6.9% compared to the first quarter of 2019. Adjusted operating income for the segment was $124 million or 8.8% of revenue compared to $169 million or 11.6% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was due to NHP-related constraints, reduced COVID vaccine and therapeutic work and the FSP contract loss, which negatively impacted margins by approximately 350 basis points. Excluding these items, margins would have increased primarily due to demand and LaunchPad savings being partially offset by higher personnel expense, inflationary costs and a write-off of receivables related to small biotech customers. We ended the quarter with backlog of $16.6 billion, and we expect approximately $4.9 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Now Ill discuss our updated 2023 full year guidance, which assumes foreign exchange rates effective as of March 31, 2023 for the full year. The enterprise guidance also includes the impact from currently anticipated capital allocation, with free cash flow targeted for acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends. Also, our guidance assumes that Fortrea will be part of Labcorp for the full year. Following its spin currently anticipated in the middle of the year, we expect to provide updated guidance. We expect Enterprise revenue to grow 1.5% to 4% compared to 2022. This is an increase at the midpoint from our prior guidance of 25 basis points. This increase reflects the base business range increasing to 9.5% to 11%, while COVID testing guidance range has been lowered to minus 80% to 90%. We continue to perform well in diagnostics and are taking up our full year guidance range. We expect diagnostics revenue to be down 0.5% to up 2% compared to 2022, this is an increase at the midpoint from our prior guidance of 100 basis points, primarily due to stronger base business volume. This guidance includes the expectation that the Base Business will now grow 12.5% to 14%, which has approximately 5% growth due to Ascension. We expect Diagnostics Base Business margin to be up in 2023 versus 2022, including the unfavorable mix impact from Ascension. We expect drug development revenue to grow 3.5% to 5.5% compared to 2022. This is a decrease at the midpoint from our prior guidance of 150 basis points due to slower-than-expected backlog conversion, primarily due to investigator site constraints and lower-than-expected first quarter orders. This guidance includes the positive impact from foreign currency of 60 basis points. At the midpoint of our guidance, the compound annual growth rate compared to 2019 is 6.8%, primarily due to organic growth. We also continue to expect that the drug development margin will increase slightly in 2023 compared to 2022. Our guidance range for adjusted EPS is $16.25 to $17.75. This is a tightening of the range from our prior guidance, while the midpoint is unchanged. This guidance reflects lower earnings from COVID testing; while Base Business adjusted EPS is expected to increase 15% at the midpoint. Free cash flow guidance is $1 billion to $1.2 billion, unchanged from our prior guidance. In summary, we expect to drive continued profitable growth in our Base Business, while COVID testing volumes are expected to continue to decline through the year. We expect to continue to use our free cash flow generation for acquisitions that supplement our organic growth, while also returning capital to shareholders through a share repurchase program and dividends. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ann Hynes with Mizuho Group. Your line is open.
Ann Hynes: Hi. Good morning.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Ann.
Ann Hynes: Good morning. Can you just provide some more color on the NHP issue? I think you said in your prepared remarks, you think it would get better in the second half or maybe the CRO in general improvement in the second half. Maybe what gives you that confidence? And when do you think we get some type of resolve with this NHP issue? And if it doesnt resolve by year-end, when do you think it could impact maybe late-stage business? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you, Ann, and good morning. So Ill give you some additional context on NHPs and where we stand. If you look at the first quarter, the NHP impact of early development was approximately $50 million to $60 million. But its important to note that, that does not leverage well because were continuing to hire people, and were continuing to keep people because we now have enough supply that we feel confident in the second half of the year, and we feel confident as we go into next year. If you look at the underlying demand of the early development business, excluding that impact, it looks good. It actually grew 15% to 17%. So we feel good about the second half of the year for that reason. We said that the first quarter would have the highest impact of NHPs and therell still be some impact in the second quarter. In the second quarter, we expect the impact to be between $30 million to $40 million. The reason why is, as we get supply in, it still takes time to acclimate and to train and to be ready for the new study starts. So we feel good about our supply situation. We feel good about the second half of the year. We feel good about going into next year. The first quarter was certainly the biggest impact of $50 million to $60 million. Second quarter would be less of an impact of $30 million to $40 million. But most importantly, the underlying early development business would have grown 15% to 17% had it not been for the NHPs.
Ann Hynes: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Meehan: Good morning. So my questions are going to be focused on the diagnostics business. The first one is, if I look at base sales in the first quarter, sequentially they were up 7% which is really strong versus what weve seen historically. So I heard calendar days and weather were favorable, Im guessing the Medicare drop view was probably helpful there, too. Is there anything else you would call out to explain sort of the sequential pickup?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So Jack, first of all, Id say were very pleased with the performance in diagnostics, every which way you look at it whether you look at esoteric, routine, look at our hospital, ex-hospital, if you look at our mix, were looking very, very strong in the diagnostic business, and that enabled us to up the guidance range for that base business. If you look at volumes, specifically, the base business last year compared to this year, were up 11% this year versus last year. About 2.5% of that was acquisitions, and then it was favorable weather and revenue days that was about 2%, but also remember comparing to last year where Omicron was impacting our business. So when you look, its still very, very strong but its a little bit more typical to what you would expect. As we look at the sequential difference, I feel really good about where we are with Ascension and things that are happening with not just the TSA, but also the acquisition part of Ascension in the business that we bought. But Ill see if Glenn wants to add some additional color.
Glenn Eisenberg: No. I think that hits it in. I think anytime you look especially in the diagnostics business, weve talked about the seasonality of the business. So looking at sequential, you do have to factor in those issues of days, if you will, obviously the impact of acquisitions that are annualizing as well as the  I guess, the fundamental issue that Adam spoke to is just we continue to see strong demand as we go forward. And the year-over-year comps look good and sequentially, similarly we expect the growth to continue throughout the year.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then on the margin front in the Diagnostics segment, can you share like what was the Ascension business margin in the first quarter? How is that trending? And can you quantify how big the TSA is?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So Ill give some context and Glenn, if you could jump in as well. But we always said that the beginning when we first were doing the integration, the margin will be at the lowest point, which will be in the low-single digits. Were actually saying getting closer to the mid-single digits now, although not quite there. Over time, the margin will continue to improve. It will never reach the average margin of our current business. But we have already started to see some margin improvement, and we expect that thats going to continue as we go through this year into next year.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Just, and it speaks a little to the early  the earlier question two [ph] on the sequential. We continue to see revenues within Ascension continue to grow. So it grew sequentially. Were still, as youll recall when we announced the transaction, expected around $550 million to $600 million in revenue based upon our current guidance, our revenue would be at the upper end or maybe even slightly above it. Its going to contribute around 5% of our growth this year, and as you know, it will annualize after the third quarter. So the fourth quarter comp will have it in both periods. So were seeing good growth. Obviously, it impacted our revenue in the first quarter, call it around 7.5% year-on-year. So the revenues are coming in nicely. And as Adam said, while we talked about mid-to  were low-to-mid-single digit margins, were kind of at the upper end of that range right now with the expectation that margin growth or improvement will continue as we go forward through the year, but especially beyond that.
Jack Meehan: Thank you, Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Caliendo: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I want to understand the margin progression on the CRO business. I understand sort of what youre guiding for year-over-year margin expansion a little bit. How do we get there? Whats the cadence of that? Like what drives that? Can you just talk through sort of the execution of how we get the year-over-year margin expansion in that segment of the business?
Adam Schechter: Yes, glad to. And Ill first start off by saying that if you look at early development, as I said before, excluding the NHP constraints, the underlying business is strong. Same thing, I mean, if you look at our central laboratory business that looks very strong. And especially when you look at it in the CAGR, you can see strength in that business as well. It was a mixed quarter for the clinical development business, which I can talk about. But there are three things that impacted our margin significantly in the quarter that we think as we go through the year; at least two of them will start to look much better. The first one is NHP revenue. I already stated that was a $50 million to $60 million impact in first quarter. We expect it to be $30 million to $40 million in second quarter. That loss falls to the bottom line. It doesnt leverage well because were continuing to hire people, and were continuing to run that business like we didnt have the constraints. Its been hard to find people. It takes time to train people. It was one of the issues we faced last year. So we purposely decided to manage that business differently. Even though the revenue was down for the NHP constraints, we continue to hire people, and we continue to run the margins at a very low rate for that reason. The second thing is there was a write-down of bad debt for a small biotech company. It was one small company that actually went bankrupt and we had a write-off was about $10 million to $12 million. And then the third thing is we are seeing a bit of a lower burn rate in clinical. Its not surprising overly because weve seen kits coming back, not where they were prior to 2019. We think thats now flowing through a bit to the clinical business. But those three things we expect will get better the first two, certainly. The third one we think will continue to improve as we go through the year.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Id say the other thing, too, Kevin, if you look at the first quarter, and again, it goes back a little bit to the seasonality question; first quarter margins for drug development are historically the lowest. And if you looked at what we did last year, we did around 11.6% in margin. But for the full year, we delivered 14% margins. When you look at this year, obviously, we have a low first quarter margin. But our expectation is that it will be slightly above next year, in part, the constraints that I have said, but the top line growth that we expect in the business thats implied in our revenue guidance would get you roughly around 7.5% for the remaining nine months. So, top line growth, LaunchPad savings, not having the constraints will drive the margin improvement.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks. Thats helpful. Can I ask a quick follow-up just on the clinical backlog? How has that changed by segment maybe year-over-year or the like? Im not trying to ask for any forward look on the Form 10 and what the backlogs are going to look between the two businesses. But maybe if you can describe how the backlog has changed in terms of customer or type or even duration? Any color on that year-over-year or even sequentially, would be really helpful.
Adam Schechter: Yes, I would say, in general, if you look at early development, we do much more of our backlog in small to medium biotech business, less as a percent in pharma. If you look at our clinical business, we do more in pharma, less in small biotech than we do in our fully development business. And then if you look at our Central Laboratory, its pretty evenly split, but its much more  I mean its in between the two, but its more towards large pharma than it is to small, medium-sized biotech. So I would say large pharma, middle-sized pharma is the majority of our book-to-bill in the clinical business as well as the central lab business. And its much more skewed to small to medium-sized biotech in the early development business. And overall, the book-to-bill was 1.27 for the trailing 12 months.
Kevin Caliendo: When I say the mix, that hasnt changed at all like that backlog or the book-to-bill between the clinical stage and the early stage, has that migrated in any way over the last 12 months, meaning is there more in clinical now less in early stage or vice versa?
Adam Schechter: Yes, we dont really break it out that way. Obviously, as we get closer to spin, we will be breaking out differently than we do today. But at this time, we really havent broken it out by the different business segments.
Kevin Caliendo: I appreciate that, thanks guys.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Tanquilut: Hey, good morning. Good morning guys. Maybe just to follow-up on Kevins question from earlier, as I think of your comment, Glenn, in the prepared remarks about book-to-bill conversion being a little slower than you expected, maybe what gives you the confidence and the visibility to the improvement as we think about the back half of the year on book-to-bill? Thanks.
Glenn Eisenberg: So no, we have seen the trend go down. If you look at the fourth quarter, we were rounding around 30% backlog conversion where this quarter, were kind of at the 29.5%. So, we have seen kind of the trend down. Wed assume that this level going forward. So, when you look at the call down in our revenue outlook for the year, that effectively was half of the reason for the decline with the other being a little bit of softer orders that we had in the first quarter that, as you know, we still need roughly around 20% of current year revenues to come from new orders as we did see a little bit of a softness there. But overall, were looking at the backlog, were looking at the contracts that we have, the burn rate that we currently see from those contracts, and we feel comfortable with the current expectation. Frankly, theres always a range that you can say that we can see it pick up a bit. There were a couple of large contracts in particular that caused the conversion to come a little bit lower. So once those burn through a little bit or the mix improves, hopefully, well see a little bit of a pickup. But for right now, that kind of 29.5-ish kind of percent conversion is what were assuming.
Brian Tanquilut: Awesome, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Please standby for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning Patrick.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey good morning. Thank you guys for taking the questions. Maybe one on the Diagnostics business, just on the price mix that continues to be a pretty nice story for you guys. Can you just give a bit more color there in terms of how we should expect that to trend the remainder of the year? Any change to the tone with payers? I know things have improved a bit there, but would love to kind of give a bit more color in terms of payer conversations? Any change there? And again, what we should be thinking for the rest of the year on that front?
Adam Schechter: Yes, hi Patrick, Ill start, and Ill ask Glenn to give some specifics. But in terms of payers, we have very good conversations with the payers, very constructive. I feel good about our access and the continued access that we will have. You continue to see price pressure in every single part of health care. But at the same time, were not seeing any significant changes to the trends of whats happened in the past. So I feel good about price and price mix as we go through this year to next year. Maybe you can give some specifics, Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure, Patrick. When you look at the  we talked about the 7.5% kind of growth this year organically in diagnostics. The price mix benefit from that was a little over 9%, 9.2%. We commented that extension the TSA we treat as all price. So that was 7.5%, if you will. So we did around, call it 1.7% in price mix, which is not too dissimilar when you back out the ascension to where weve done  where weve been. We continue to track well. When you look at even our guidance for the full year, which will help kind of convey what we continue to expect, at the midpoint of our revenue guidance, we have around 13.25% growth. Were picking up around close to 5% from Ascension as well as probably around 1.5 points from M&A. So overall, call it, that midpoint, excluding Ascension and acquisitions, wed be up around 7%. So were tracking similarly. We expect roughly around 6% of it from volume, 1% of it from price, again, now that it doesnt include the Ascension. So historically, we would have said organic revenue or volume of, call it, around 2%. You pick up a point from a price mix of 3%. So where we see price right now continues to be pretty consistent with that. And as Adam said, the payer mix has helped. We continue to see a positive trend in our tests per Ascension. We continue to see a positive trend with our esoteric growing faster than routine. We also picked up a little bit on the draw fee, but we continue to do headwinds from unit pricing. So the fact that we continue to see price mixed favorable is really the mix impact of our business more than offsetting any pricing headwinds.
Patrick Donnelly: Yes. No, thats helpful. And then maybe a quick one just on the drug discovery side. You mentioned to write down one biotech contract. Can you just talk about any change in tone from those early biotech customers as the quarter progressed? Obviously had a little bit of the banking fallout mid quarter. Just wondering if you sensed the change in tone, a change in appetite for spend from that customer base as the quarter progressed? Thank you, guys.
Adam Schechter: Yes. What I would say there is overall, they represent a smaller part of our business, obviously than the mid to large size pharma and biotech. Some small companies are struggling a bit right now with cash, and you hear that a little bit, but it hasnt really impacted the flow of our RFPs or the dollar amount of our RFPs at the moment. But thats something that were watching very closely. And obviously in the market environment that were in, its harder for these very small startup companies which represent a pretty small amount of our business frankly.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. The only thing, Id add too is which to your point, so the large or the small but biotech customer that went bankrupt was around $5 million of the $12 million that we put in place. So we built up reserves just given the current environment to make sure that if were there any other issues that we would have that we feel that were adequately reserved for. But as Adam said, small part of the business were just being hopefully prudent in establishing the reserve for the potential that some other smaller players could have some issues.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you, guys.
Adam Schechter: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Derek DeBruin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Derek.
Derek DeBruin: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Hey, just want to follow-up on Patricks question there. You talked about 6% volume, 1% price this year, historically 2%, 1%. How do we think about that in going forward? Does it revert back to historical levels? Is the 6% volume  is that a high  is that just off of the easier comps? Just sort of like some color on how to think about it going forward?
Adam Schechter: So Derek, I guess in February this year, we kind of gave our longer-term outlook of what we felt for diagnostics that wed see kind of 2.5% to 4.5%. So little bit better than what weve done historically, again in that 3%-ish range. So to your point, the fact that we had such a strong quarter. In the first quarter to some extent, we had a soft quarter of a year ago because of Omicron. So we would expect volumes to be higher. But frankly, one of the reasons we talked about what our full year guidance is that were tracking really well, we continue to see that favorable kind of 6%-ish number throughout this year as a base volume. But I think at this stage, when you look at the call it the CAGR to 2019 lets say how are we tracking were doing around a 7% CAGR in diagnostics revenue compared to 2019 thats at the call the midpoint of our guidance. Ascension this year is going to benefit us around a couple of points, and we always have around a point for acquisition. So from a revenue standpoint, this year compared to pre-pandemic, were growing it around 4%. So again, call it the middle to upper end of our targeted range. So again, part of the issues on a year-on-year comparison is that last year in diagnostics, given all the issues with COVID was softer than we expect. So now as were coming through the recovery, we would expect the stronger growth rate, which is what were experiencing.
Glenn Eisenberg: And the only thing I would add to that is, with the health systems that were winning and the pipeline that we have, I do believe that theres spillover that occurs in the surrounding geographies when you win those health systems. Its very hard to quantify. But I believe that it helps with our underlying demand.
Derek DeBruin: Great. Thats really helpful. And just this one quick follow-up. Have you seen any business shifts in the NHP  given that youve got some NHP supply from the back half of the year and your main competitors still sort of a question mark, have you seen any sort of like contracts moving over any business moving over?
Adam Schechter: At this point, we have not, but were in a lot of discussions.
Derek DeBruin: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Tim Daley with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Tim.
Tim Daley: Hey, thank you. Just quickly on their class question there, the supply NHP potential share gains. Are you guys seeing any customers pushing back? I know that supply was prob  I think it was domestically bread and probably at elevated levels. Is pricing still an issue or is we in the situ  are we in the situation where supply being available is overcoming any price headwinds for price concerns on the customer angle?
Adam Schechter: Yes. I mean, the customers want to get their studies done and they understand the pricing issues that were all facing. So they continue to fill the pipeline with studies that they want to complete, even though there are pricing issues that were all facing.
Tim Daley: All right. No, appreciate that. And then just the obligatory SALSA question here. With the noise in Washington, not really looking to calm down anytime soon. How can you give us an update of PAMA, SALSA progress there? Thatd be great.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I was very happy about the one year of PAMA reprieve. I wish we wouldve had legislation passed at the end of last year. SALSA certainly has bipartisan support and Im glad it continues to have bipartisan support. So anybody I talk to, anybody that you give them the understanding of SALSA, I havent read into anybody that doesnt understand the issues and isnt supportive. So I feel like we still have a good chance to get SALSA approved. I know our trade group, ACLA is working very hard to make sure that we continue to have our voice heard. And although, I continue to put in our base case that PAMA will impact us next year. I continue to be cautiously optimistic that well find a way to get some type of legislation approved as we go through this year. But I agree with you. Its not easy in the current environment.
Tim Daley: All right. Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Eric Coldwell with Baird. Your line is open.
Eric Coldwell: Thank you, and good morning. I want to hit first on the bio  small biotech bad debt right down. I have to say, however, many decades of watching this space. Its pretty rare to see a small client get talked about as a $10 million plus write-down. Im just curious how did the receivables expand to that level in this case? And what kind of an outlook is there for other clients that might be similarly exposed?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. This is I think we commented on  I believe on the last question or two, the $12 million that we took was both a write-down of a receivable from a customer that went bankrupt as well as a buildup of reserves. So the $5 million exposure we did have to a small biotech customer that obviously had gone on for a while before they obviously went bankrupt. And so that was the write-off. The other $7 million again, which is unusual to your point, we normally dont speak about bad debt with regard to our drug development business, but in the current environment, we felt it was appropriate to build up an additional reserve just given whats going on rather than just do it once and then if something occurs later, we do it again. So we feel were adequately reserved in the current environment, but again, which is unusual, but thats the  extent is the $12 million is a total and the $5 million is unique to that one customer.
Adam Schechter: And Eric, I dont think this is a new trend
Eric Coldwell: Thanks. Yes.
Adam Schechter: Eric, I dont think this is a new trend or something that I think this was a very specific thing that happened here.
Eric Coldwell: Im sorry, I missed the follow-up on that. I was  Im juggling a couple of calls here.
Adam Schechter: No problem.
Eric Coldwell: So the  I had a couple of quick follow ups, hopefully. First on COVID PCR, you mentioned the adjusted margin around 50% in Q1 I believe, and again signaled it would be lower the rest of the year. Can you give us a sense on directionally where youre thinking this COVID margin plays out in LCD? And is there any phasing we should be aware of 2Q may be better than 3Q given make quarter timing on PHE, et cetera. Im just curious if you could give us a bigger ballpark of what you think a sustainable COVID operating margin might be particularly in the back half of the year when everythings perhaps more normal on the reimbursement front.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. So overall, we talked about the CMS reimbursement at around a $100 and obviously our average is probably in the low to mid-80s overall. But weve talked about that post public health emergency that we expect that the CMS reimbursement rate will call it drop in half. So ultimately, thats where were coming down on pricing. And then the volumes we spoke to, we did around 10,000 PCR tests per day in the quarter. Really, were currently at a rate thats closer to 5,000 and thats really our expectation going forward. So youre looking at relatively low volumes at kind of half of the pricing. So its going to come off of the 50% thats benefiting from full pricing and stronger volume. But we do believe that the overall margin, if you look at the base businesses in the high teens, you should  we currently expect that to call it the COVID margins will at least start with the two. So itll be greater than the margins that we have for the overall segment, but again, at lower volumes.
Eric Coldwell: Okay. Thats helpful. And then last one for me, I know theres  its been hit on a few times, but could you be more specific on clinical development net book-to-bill in Q1? Just  was it above one? Was it significantly below the overall average? Just trying to get a sense on what kind of a hole it might be digging out of if you progressed towards the spend.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. So when we provided the book-to-bill, yes, we normally focus on the trailing 12, which as Adam said was a 1.27. We do in our supplemental information provide the quarterly, which was at a 1.18. So overall, the orders or the book-to-bill continues to be what we feel healthy overall, again, focusing more on the trailing 12. We did comment on the  in Adams remarks that we did have the benefit of an FSP renewal contract in the  of the quarter. So, which again, periodically comes up. But overall, the backlog looks good, the conversions a little bit lower, but we also spoke to that in the first quarter, we saw orders come in softer than what we expected. And to your point, its really all driven on our clinical business, which again, in part is the issue with spending all this time on the spin. Adam commented that some of the customers are waiting before giving us orders until after the spin is up and running independent and very focused going forward. But the overall, book-to-bill, we always try to shoot for a 1.2 to be able to support mid to high single digit growth rates. And currently, even for the quarter, were at a 1.18, but again, benefiting with a renewal of an FSP.
Adam Schechter: Yes. The only thing I would add, Eric, is that the customers Ive spoken to are pleased with the work were doing. Theyre actually excited about the increased focus that will occur after the spin. Its temporary. Theyre just saying, youve said the spin is mid-year, get that done and then come back. So I think theres this short-term issue that were facing. I dont get any sense that theres anything other than a short-term issue. In fact, the customers are excited about overall the spin.
Eric Coldwell: Okay. Thank you very much.
Adam Schechter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Erin.
Erin Wright: Great. Good morning. On the M&A pipeline in core diagnostics, how is that shaping up relative to maybe what you were seeing a year ago or how would you characterize the M&A pipeline now?
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Erin, for the question. I mean, the pipeline is robust. I would say, its better today than it was a year ago. I mean, theres not too many deals the size of Ascension. But when you look at the number of deals and the number of health systems that were talking to, Im very pleased with where we are. Well have more to announce as we move forward this year, so stay tuned. But its a very robust pipeline of health systems and local laboratories that were looking at.
Erin Wright: Okay, great. And a quick one on the CRO side, can you describe a little bit more of the nature of the  I think you mentioned a new business win in large pharma on the CRO side of the business. Was this FSP contract or was this something else or anything that you can describe on that front in terms of the nature of that new business win? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Yes. It was a renewal of a large pharma FSP. And the reason I think its important is because as were going through the spin, I mentioned that some customers are excited about the spin, but theyve said, lets wait until after the spin, well talk about more business. This large pharma company said, no, were so pleased with the work that youve done that we want to renew that FSP now. So it just gives you a sense that we are continuing to have good momentum as we go into the spin and through the spin, despite some short-term pressures there.
Erin Wright: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Im showing no further questions in the queue. I will now like to turn the call back over to Adam for closing remarks.
Adam Schechter: Well, thank you for joining us today. Were continuing to drive performance across our businesses, while were making great progress towards completing the planned mid-year spin of clinical development. We look forward to updating you further at our upcoming Fortrea Investor Day in June. And I cant wait to provide you with additional information about Labcorp and the bright future, I believe we have in September. Talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q4 and Full Year 2022 Labcorp Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Chas Cook, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Chas Cook: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to Labcorp's fourth quarter 2022 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com, we posted both our press release and an Investor Relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the estimated 2023 guidance and the related assumptions, the proposed spinoff of the clinical development business, the impact of various factors on the company's businesses, operating and financial results, cash flows and/or financial condition, including the COVID-19 pandemic and general economic and market conditions, future business strategies, expected savings and synergies, including from the LaunchPad initiatives, acquisitions and other transactions and opportunities for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements are subject to change based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control. More information is included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in the company's other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now, I'll turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Chas. Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be here with you today to discuss our fourth quarter results as well as the progress that we've made towards our strategy. 2022 ended strong for Labcorp with accelerated revenue growth in Diagnostics and continued strong underlying fundamentals in drug development. Drug development continued to have a tough year-over-year comparison, mostly due to less COVID-related work. In 2022, we took decisive actions to navigate a challenging operating environment. We advanced our strategy with the announcement of the planned spin of our clinical development business, and we closed several important hospital laboratory partnerships. I'll now discuss our fourth quarter performance. In the quarter, revenue totaled $3.7 billion. Adjusted earnings per share was $4.14 and free cash flow was $536 million. The base business remains strong. On a constant currency basis, excluding COVID testing revenue, enterprise base business revenue grew 6% in the fourth quarter versus prior year. Growth in diagnostics-based business revenue in the fourth quarter was strong due to both routine and esoteric testing and revenue from the Ascension partnership. COVID PCR testing volumes declined during the quarter as expected, totaling 1.4 million tests performed and averaging 16,000 per day. Looking forward, our Diagnostic business will accelerate with 10.5% to 12.5% base business growth, benefiting by around 5 percentage points with a full year of our Ascension partnership. For Drug Development, fourth quarter base business revenue in constant currency declined 1% versus prior year. Early development and clinical development both grew but were offset by lower central laboratory revenue due mostly to COVID-related work. Drug Development ended the quarter with a strong trailing 12-month book-to-bill of 1.27. Looking forward, we expect the momentum to continue in drug development orders, and we expect that site enrollment in kids returns will continue to increase throughout the year. We also anticipate the drug development business to return to 5% to 7% growth with a stronger second half than first half due to early development and the annualization of an FSP contract loss. Finally, in the quarter, the Board authorized a $1 billion increase to the company's share repurchase program bringing our remaining total share repurchase authorization to $1.5 billion. Glenn will provide more detail on our quarterly results and will review full year 2023 guidance in just a moment. Moving now to an update on the planned spin of our clinical development business. We have been pleased with the positive response from customers and employees, and we remain on track to complete the spin in mid-2023, subject to satisfying certain customary conditions. Recently, we unveiled Fortrea as the name of the clinical development business post spin. You can learn more by visiting fortrea.com. Also, in January, Tom Pipe joined Labcorp as President and CEO of our Clinical Development business. Tom will serve as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Fortrea, upon completion of the spin. Tom brings significant CRO experience, including serving as CEO of a public CRO. He has worked with many of our customers, and he knows the business well. We welcome Tom and look forward to working with him as we continue making progress towards the completion of the spin. Upon completion through a tax-free transaction, we will have 2 strong independent companies, Labcorp and Fortrea, which will emerge to the transaction with the ability to better meet customer needs to drive sustainable and profitable growth and deliver attractive shareholder returns. In the coming months, we plan to announce the Board of Directors of Fortrea, including the lead independent Director and other members of the executive leadership team. We also intend to host an Analyst Day in advance of the spin, and I look forward to working with Tom on timing. I'll now move to our enterprise strategy. We made significant advances on our strategy in 2022. We accelerated and closed several hospital and health system partnerships and acquisitions during the year. Most recently, we completed the integration of certain Ascension assets and operations. Labcorp now provides laboratory management services for nearly 100 hospitals across the Ascension hospital system. We are pleased with the smooth transition, and we want to thank our partners at Ascension for enabling our teams to help deliver the best patient care possible. In addition to Ascension, we entered strategic relationships with RWJBarnabas Health, AtlantiCare, Prisma Health and St. Dominic's during the year. The pipeline for hospital and local laboratory acquisition and investment is robust and will be a key area of opportunity for growth in 2023 and beyond. We also made progress in using digital technology and data to deliver better outcomes for patients. By significantly improving our web, mobile and digital channels, we've made it easier for customers to access critical data and health information. Using digital technology and artificial intelligence, we are reimagining our result reports to provide deeper insights, scientific expertise and clinical information to guide patient care. Additionally, we're encouraged by increased customer adoption of Labcorp's Diagnostic assistant, a tool that eclipse positions with the information they need to improve tariffs. Also, our investment in call center automization is improving the customer experience by enabling patients and providers to get answers faster through self-service features. Turning to oncology. We continue to expand our oncology capabilities to serve clinicians and drug development customers. In the fourth quarter, we launched a liquid biopsy test called Labcorp Plasma Focus. This test is used to match cancer patients with FDA-approved therapies using the patient's circulating tumor DNA taken from a blood draw. This is the first new product coming from Labcorp's acquisition of Personal Genome Diagnostics in 2022. Today, Labcorp offers customers and patients access to the most comprehensive oncology portfolio in the market. Our teams are evaluating and executing our growth opportunities in areas such as neurodegenerative, autoimmune and liver disease as well as cell and gene therapy and more. In 2022, our team supported over 5,000 clinical trials, work at over 90% of new FDA approvals and launched over 130 new tests. In the area of neurodegenerative disease, for example, we launched new tests to assist the diagnosis and treatment of Alzheimer's, multiple sclerosis and Parkinson's disease. We anticipate more innovative launches in 2023. Finally, we made progress in our direct-to-consumer business. In 2022, we introduced Labcorp On-Demand, a platform aimed at providing consumers with easy and convenient access to our leading diagnostic tests. We now offer over 45 tests that cover over 100 biomarkers to help consumers monitor their health, stay current with wellness screening, plan for families and manage a broad range of chronic culturation. The progress we made this year is a direct result of the commitment of our employees who fuel our confidence in the outlook for 2023. We are recognized by Forbe's list of the world's best large employers in 2022, and we also earned the top score into 2022 Disability Equality Index. Attracting and retaining the best talent is key to our success, and we remain focused on being an employer of choice and destination for talent. As I look to 2023, I'm optimistic about the growth and strategic opportunities before us. Our business fundamentals remain strong, and we are well positioned for the future. With that, I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our fourth quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with our 2023 full year guidance. For reference, we've also included additional business information that can be found in our supplemental deck on our Investor Relations website. Revenue for the quarter was $3.7 billion, a decrease of 9.4% compared to last year, due to lower COVID testing and the negative impact from foreign currency. This was partially offset by organic base business growth and the impact from acquisitions. COVID testing revenue was down 79% compared to COVID testing last year, while the base business grew 4.8% compared to the base business last year. Organically in constant currency, the base business grew 4.7%, benefiting from the Ascension lab management agreement, which contributed approximately 4% of the organic growth. While the outreach business that we acquired from Ascension is treated as an acquisition, the lab management agreement treated as organic growth. Operating income for the quarter was $91 million or 2.5% of revenue. During the quarter, we had $61 million of amortization and $88 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily related to acquisitions, LaunchPad initiatives and the proposed spin of Fortrea. In addition, the company recorded $270 million of goodwill and other asset impairment primarily related to the early development business, due to short-term labor and supply constraints. This impairment represents approximately 2% of Labcorp's goodwill and intangible assets. Excluding these items, adjusted operating income in the quarter was $510 million or 13.9% of revenue compared to $902 million or 22.2% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was due to a reduction in COVID testing. The benefit from LaunchPad savings and lower personnel expense were essentially offset by lower COVID-related demand and inflationary costs. Our LaunchPad initiative continues to be on track to deliver $350 million of savings over the 3-year period ending 2024. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 20% compared to 24.6% last year. The lower adjusted tax rate was primarily due to the geographic mix of earnings as well as the benefit from increased R&D tax credits and year-end true-ups for completed tax returns. We expect our 2023 full year adjusted tax rate to be approximately 24%. Net earnings for the quarter were $76 million or $0.86 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS were $4.14 in the quarter, down from $6.77 last year due to lower COVID testing earnings. Operating cash flow was $654 million in the quarter compared to $698 million a year ago. The decrease in operating cash flow was due to lower COVID test and earnings, partially offset by higher base business earnings. Capital expenditures totaled $118 million, down from $150 million last year. For the year, capital expenditures were 3.5% of base business revenue, and we expect that to continue into 2023. Free cash flow in the quarter was $536 million, bringing our full year free cash flow generation to $1.5 billion. During the quarter, we invested $150 million on acquisitions paid out $64 million in dividends and repurchased $300 million of stock, representing approximately 1.4 million shares. At the end of the quarter, we had $532 million of share repurchase authorization remaining. The Board recently approved an additional $1 billion for share repurchases, taking our total available authorization to approximately $1.5 billion. For the full year, we invested $1.2 billion on acquisitions, paid out $195 million in dividends and repurchased $1.1 billion of stock. We continue to have a robust pipeline of potential acquisition opportunities that will supplement our organic growth. In addition, we continue to believe that our shares are undervalued and that our share repurchase program is an important part of our capital allocation strategy. At year-end, we had $430 million in cash, while debt was $5.3 billion. Our leverage was 1.9x gross debt to trailing 12 months EBITDA. Excluding COVID testing earnings, our leverage was around 2.5x, in line with our targeted range of 2.5 to 3x. Now I'll review our segment performance, beginning with Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $2.3 billion, a decrease of 12.8% compared to last year, primarily due to organic revenue being down 14.3%, which was due to COVID testing, partially offset by acquisitions of 1.7%. COVID testing revenue was down 79% compared to COVID testing last year while the base business grew organically by 8.6% compared to the base business last year. The Ascension lab management agreement contributed approximately 7% of the growth while the negative impact of weather and fewer revenue days constrained growth by approximately 1.2%. Relative to the fourth quarter of 2019, the compound annual growth rate for base business revenue was 6.9%. Total volume decreased 11.8% compared to last year as organic volume decreased by 13.8%, primarily offset by acquisition volume of 2%. The decline in volume was due to COVID testing. Base business volume grew 3% compared to base business last year, including the benefit from acquisitions of 2.4% but was constrained by unfavorable impact from weather and fewer revenue days of approximately 1.2%. Price/mix decreased 1% versus last year due to lower COVID testing of 6.4%, currency of 0.3% and acquisitions of 0.2%, partially offset by base business growth of 5.9%. Base business price/mix was up 7.6% compared to base business last year, benefiting from the Ascension lab management agreement of approximately 7%. Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $387 million or 16.9% of revenue compared to $776 million or 29.6% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was due to a reduction in COVID testing as the COVID margin was approximately 50% for the quarter, down from approximately 70% last year. We expect the COVID margin to be approximately 50% through the duration of the public health emergency, at which point we would expect the margin to decline but still be above the segment average. Base business margin was down approximately 30 basis points due to the impact from Ascension, higher personnel expense and other inflationary costs, partially offset by organic growth and LaunchPad savings. Excluding Ascension, margin would have been up approximately 50 basis points. Now I'll review the performance of Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $1.4 billion, a decrease of 4.1% compared to last year, primarily due to foreign currency of 3.1%. Organic base business revenues declined 1.4% compared to last year, due to the negative impact from lower COVID-related work and the Ukraine-Russia crisis. Excluding these impacts, organic base business revenue grew 3.7%. The central ad business continued to be the most constrained by these impacts. Central ad-based business revenues were down 11.5%. However, excluding these impacts, organic constant currency revenue was up 4.7% and -- while on a comparable basis, early development was up 3.4% and clinical development was up 3.2%. Reported fourth quarter Drug Development revenues on a compound annual basis grew 5.1% compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. Adjusted operating income for the segment was $209 million or 15% of revenue compared to $206 million or 14.2% last year. The increase in adjusted operating income and margin was due to LaunchPad savings and lower personnel costs, partially offset by lower COVID-related demand, the Ukraine-Russia crisis and inflationary costs. We ended the quarter with backlog of $16.3 billion, and we expect approximately $4.9 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Now I'll discuss our 2023 full year guidance, which assumes foreign exchange rates effective as of December 31, 2022, for the full year. The enterprise guidance also includes the impact from currently anticipated capital allocation, with free cash flow targeted for acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends. Also, our guidance assumes that Fortrea will be part of Labcorp for the full year. Upon its spin currently anticipated in the middle of the year, we expect to provide updated guidance. We expect Enterprise revenue to grow 1% to 4% compared to 2022. This guidance includes the expectation that the base business will grow 8.5% to 10.5% and while COVID testing is expected to decline 75% to 90%. This assumes a PCR volume range of 5,000 to 12,000 tests per day on average for the year. We expect Diagnostics revenue to be down 2% to up 1.5% compared to 2022. This guidance includes the expectation that the base business will grow 10.5% to 12.5%, which has approximately 5% growth due to Ascension. At the midpoint of our base business guidance, the compound annual growth rate compared to 2019 is 6.4%, including the benefit from Ascension of approximately 2%. We expect Diagnostics base business margin to be slightly up in 2023 versus 2022, including the unfavorable mix impact from Ascension. We expect Drug Development revenue to grow 5% to 7% compared to 2022. This guidance includes the positive impact from foreign currency of 20 basis points. At the midpoint of our guidance, the compound annual growth rate compared to 2019 is 7.2%, primarily due to organic growth. While we have increased the number of NHP vendors with multiyear agreements to secure supply, lead times are projected to negatively impact drug development revenue between $80 million to $100 million early in the year. As a result, we expect drug development first quarter revenue growth to be lower than the average for the year. We also expect drug development margin to increase in 2023 compared to 2022, with the first quarter coming in comparable to the first quarter of 2022 due to the early development supply constraint. Our guidance range for adjusted EPS is $16 to $18 compared to $19.94 in 2022. Adjusted EPS is expected to be lower compared to 2022 due to COVID testing while base business adjusted EPS at the midpoint of guidance implies approximately 13% growth. Free cash flow guidance is $1 billion to $1.2 billion compared to $1.5 billion in 2022. The decline in cash flow was due to lower COVID testing. In summary, we expect to drive continued profitable growth in our base business. While COVID testing volumes are expected to continue to decline through the year, we expect to continue to use our free cash flow generation for acquisitions that supplement our organic growth, while also returning capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program and dividends. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Kevin Caliendo of UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: There's a lot to unpack here. I guess I'll start with a couple. Is there any cost being built into the business right now ahead of the spin? I don't want to say the stranded costs or IT costs, but there's a couple of line items. It looks like corporate has been higher. The intersegment eliminations are -- seem to be a lot higher as well. I'm just trying to understand what's driving that, and if there's any investment being made there, that would show up there in a way that we can't necessarily see? And then secondly, I guess, -- this is such a wide range of earnings. Can you tell us, is it all just based on COVID? Is it based on the spin timing? It's unusual to have such a wide range. And I'm wondering what would be sort of low end versus high end, what would be driving that?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Kevin, and I'll take the second question first. I'll ask Glenn to provide some impact on the -- your first question. So the range that we gave is $16 to $18, a midpoint of $17. And we kind of focus and targeting on that midpoint. But there are things, particularly around COVID, that could still happen where we've given a pretty broad range of COVID coming down between 75% and 90% is still very difficult to predict that. The second thing is we gave a range for NHP of $80 million to $100 million. Good news is we've started to receive supply, and we started to receive shipments, but it's still early as we get those shipments in and it takes time to get the steady starts up. And then the third thing I would say is, while we're waiting for supply, we're still hiring people. As you recall, last quarter, we noted that in early development, we needed to hire more people. So I'm not slowing down the hiring process, while waiting for some of the supply shipments that we have. So we're going to hire people while we can't yet run some of those trials. So those are some of the pushes and pulls, but I would focus on the midpoint more so than the lower end of the range, I think, is highly unlikely.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, just to follow-up on that. When you look at the guidance ranges for both of our base businesses, we keep those rates within, call it, 2 percentage points. And it's really the COVID given the volatility in COVID, we provide a wider range, which causes that overall EPS number to be a little bit wider. Kevin, when you talk about the spin costs, you'll see that we treat that as kind of an unusual item. Obviously, we're going through a spin. These are onetime costs. You'll see that in the reconciliation between, call it, our GAAP and our adjusted earnings, you'll see in the footnotes that we incurred around $29 million of cost during the quarter related to the spin. So again, those would be backed out of our adjusted numbers when you look at our enterprise and segment performance.
Kevin Caliendo: Great. Can I ask a quick follow-up just on PAMA, the benefit you saw from PAMA and also the change in the code that occurred in December. That was obviously a positive benefit to the company. Did you reinvest those dollars? Or is all of that sort of you're letting that fall to the bottom line? How should we think about that in terms of the way you accounted for it or thought about it?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So again, when we gave our range, we're -- 2 things. One, for diagnostic business, 10.5% to 12.5% growth, I think is pretty extraordinary. But if you look at PAMA, we've included when we talk about margins, that we expect margins to be slightly to improve even with the impact of Ascension. And if you just look at fourth quarter, for example, our margins were down 30 basis points. Ascension was a negative 80 basis point hit. So you can see the impact from Ascension -- for us to be able to offset that impact on margins, it's due to the lack of PAMA being implemented this year as well as some of the benefits from the draw fees.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jack Meehan of Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan: My question is on just commercial payer negotiations. We're coming up on the 5-year anniversary of UnitedHealth announcement. I don't know if you want to address that directly, your national payers kind of broadly speaking, but are there any notable shifts you're seeing in the structure of your contracts? And just how do you feel about the ability to maintain price?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So obviously, we work with the payers all the time. Whether it's a year we have a negotiation with them or not. We're constantly in contact and working very closely with them. And we've seen continued pressure over the last 5 years, and I think that pressure will continue, but it's not accelerating. It's kind of very steady. And where we can get price concessions, we do -- but in general, I would say that there's continued pressure, but no different than what we've seen in the past.
Glenn Eisenberg: Jack, just to add on that, too, is that when we think about price/mix, we've always talked about unit pricing being a headwind, but the favorability of our mix of esoteric growing faster than routine or test per Ascension. And so when you look at the growth rate that we have in vision for '23 in our guidance, it assumes both -- and mostly by favorable volume appreciation but also favorable price/mix even with unit pricing headwinds.
Jack Meehan: Got it. And I heard your commentary, Glenn, on some of the revenue pacing to start here. So a finer point you can draw on EPS, just either expectations, percentage of the full year or -- just any color to help on that would be great.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. It's interesting. If you go back and look to even pre-pandemic levels, 2023, even though we have some pluses and minuses, the trend in the earnings would come in similar. So I think that will give you roughly a good approximation. Interestingly enough, plus or minus, it comes in fairly quarter each time, but you'll see it's a little bit different in the first quarter, a little bit lower, a little bit higher throughout the rest of the year, but I think it will give you a good proxy.
Operator: Our next question will come from Erin Wright of Morgan Stanley.
Erin Wright: Great. Could you give us a little bit more of a breakdown of what you're seeing across the different subsegments at Covance, the central lab business in terms of volume trends, RFP flow at the clinical level. And then on the early development side, what's your level also of commitment to early development business as you kind of retain that as part of your spin process here?
Adam Schechter: Sure. Thanks for the question. So I'll start with drug development and performance. What you saw for the fourth quarter was early development grew 5% on a constant currency basis. And I always give the CAGR as well from 2019 because that's before all the COVID-related work, it was about 6% CAGR from fourth quarter of 2019. If you look at the clinical business, we saw about 2.5% growth in the quarter on a constant currency basis. If you compare that to the fourth quarter CAGR of 2019, it was about 5%, but both of those were offset by a 9% decline in the central laboratory business versus prior year. That's, again, constant currency. But if you look at the business for the central laboratory on a CAGR basis in 2019, it actually grew about 5%. So it sums you that, that business remains healthy. It's just as you recall, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we were doing a huge amount of -- for boosters for vaccines because that was right when the Omicron variant hit. So that's why you see such a tough year-over-year comparison for the central laboratory business. As I look at RFPs across the segments, meaning I look at them in total, the RFPs remain very strong and very consistent. So we haven't seen a change. As I look through last year on cancellation rates, I haven't seen a change. The cancellation rates remain low. They're up a little bit from 1 quarter down a little bit in the next quarter, but relatively flat and remain very low. And then to me, the most important thing is the book-to-bill. And as you see, the book-to-bill was very strong. It was a 1.27. And if you were to look at each of the individual segments for the quarter, although we don't typically give individual segment book-to-bill, you would see that they are all above the 1.2. So we feel good about each of the segments about the book-to-bill as we move forward. In terms of -- I'm sorry, go ahead, I'll answer the second question after you follow-up.
Erin Wright: Oh, no, go ahead. Go ahead.
Adam Schechter: Okay. And then in terms of -- if you look at the ED business, we think it's a good business. It's a global business. We're looking to bring our innovative diagnostic test globally, and we think that they'll be able to help us do that with their global laboratory footprint. So we remain committed to that business, and we think it's a good business.
Erin Wright: And I guess, just my follow-up, as you prepare for the spin, how we should be thinking about the priorities around capital deployment, the M&A pipeline as well as buybacks and how we should be thinking about that?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So we're -- after the spin, which we are on track for the middle of this year, we will continue to provide a dividend. We expect to get dividends approved moving forward for Labcorp. And then we would continue to look to do these hospitals and local laboratory deals, of which our pipeline is very full. And there's a significant number of those that we're looking at evaluating it, we will win some of those this year. And then we believe our shares are still significantly undervalued. So we have now $1.5 billion of authorization for share repurchases, and we'll use those as appropriate.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tim Daley of Wells Fargo.
Tim Daley: Great. On the first one, I'm not trying to step on Tom's toes or anything here, but just isolating the drug development assets that will stay part of RemainCo. Could you just give us some color directionally as live magnitude, anything here on the EBITDA margins for early development in central lab, just how they looked at '22, not trying to ask for stranded cost adjustments or anything like that?
Glenn Eisenberg: Tim, this is Glenn. As you know, we break out the 2 segments and then with that, revenue, OI and margins. So for drug development, we provide that. We haven't broken out the pieces, if you will, because, again, of all the interrelationships and shared services and so forth. So part of the issue of doing the spin, obviously is now we're standing an independent company with where we have a lot of direct costs, but then we also have a lot of indirect costs. And we're working through, obviously, all those costs and including transition services that we would be providing for a period of time. So we're currently in the process of getting all the numbers done once we're complete with that, we'll obviously be sharing kind of the spinco view, both on the top line and the bottom line at the appropriate time, including in an anticipated investor Analyst Day, if you will, prior to the spin. And obviously, to the extent we have those financials done prior to that, we can also share them. But at this point, we've talked in the past about here's the segment average and that the businesses are for the plus or minus in line before you get to those independent standup costs.
Tim Daley: All right. Appreciate it. I thought I'd give it a shot. And then secondly, on the -- just sitting here on the early development business, so if we were to exclude the $80 million to $100 million NHP headwind you guys are baking into the guidance would be growing in FY '23? And what's the price assumption embedded in there for the year?
Adam Schechter: So the short answer is yes, it would be growing for the year with the $80 million to $100 million in there, growing nicely. And what was your second question, the...
Tim Daley: The pricing assumption embedded in the EB business for '23?
Adam Schechter: In terms of the pricing -- so first thing I'd say is that we expect the priming pricing to go up significantly because of the supply issues. And I think, therefore, there you would expect to have better pricing overall. Yes. And just to be clear, that pricing, especially primary that does get passed on to customers -- so it doesn't impact our margins and -- it affects the margins because we don't get a margin on that, but the pricing can be passed on to the customers.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Labcorp Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chas Cook. Sir, please begin.
Chas Cook: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to Labcorp's Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com, we posted both our press release and an Investor Relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the estimated 2022 guidance and the related assumptions; the proposed spin-off of the Clinical Development business; the impact of various factors on the company's businesses, operating and financial results, cash flows and/or financial condition, including the COVID-19 pandemic and general economic and market conditions; future business strategies; expected savings and synergies, including from the LaunchPad initiative, acquisitions and other transactions; and opportunities for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements is subject to change based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control. More information is included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in the company's other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now I'll turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Chas. Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you today to discuss our progress and our performance in the third quarter. I'll start with a few high-level comments about the quarter, then provide a brief update on the planned spin of our Clinical Development business before turning to our quarterly results and progress against our strategy. Diagnostics performed very well with Base Business revenue growth of 3.7% over the last year and a 4% CAGR versus 2019. With Ascension in the fourth quarter, we expect full year revenue growth of 6% to 7%. Drug Development Base Business fundamentals remain strong. And our expected full year CAGR of almost 8% since 2019 is consistent with how we expect the business to perform. There are what we believe to be temporary issues that impacted our Drug Development performance in the quarter, which I'll discuss in more detail when outlining our results. Turning now to the spin of our Clinical Development business. We are off to a strong start since announcing the planned spin back in July. We were quick to establish a spin management office made up of dedicated people and external advisers with significant spin transaction experience.  In addition, working with advisers, we're in the process of identifying members of the executive team, the CEO and the Board of Directors of the new company. And finally, we are making good progress to finding their transition service agreements and preparing the audited financial statements. With the progress to date, we are targeting completion of the spin with an accelerated time frame of mid-2023, subject to satisfaction of certain customary conditions, including those related to the tax-free nature of the separation and the SEC process. Upon completion, we will create 2 strong independent companies through a tax-free transaction. We are excited by the opportunities this spin represents for the Clinical Development business. The new company will have the enhanced strategic flexibility and operational focus to grow, invest, pursue its priorities and address market opportunities. Further, we believe both Labcorp and the new Clinical Development business will emerge from this transaction with the ability to better meet customer needs, drive sustainable and profitable growth and deliver attractive shareholder returns. We plan to provide more information on our progress, including key leadership appointments, in the coming months. I'll now turn to third quarter performance. In the quarter, revenue totaled $3.6 billion, adjusted earnings per share was $4.68, and free cash flow was $270 million. Base Business organic revenue for the enterprise, excluding COVID testing revenue, is up 1.4% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. This demonstrates the strength of our underlying business, particularly in Diagnostics, in a very challenging operating environment marked by rising labor costs, labor shortages and other inflationary pressures. In Diagnostics, Base Business revenue increased about 4% year-over-year due to an uptick in demand in both routine and esoteric testing. We continue to see momentum in our hospital system business. And later, I'll give an update on the Ascension integration, which is off to a very good start. In Drug Development, quarterly Base Business revenue in constant currency is flat versus the prior year. This is driven by a tough year-over-year comparison with less COVID-related work and the impact from the conflict in Ukraine. In central laboratories, there were timing-related challenges when looking at kits out, those that we sent to investigator sites; and kits returned, those that investigators sent back to us to be analyzed. We believe investigators ordered significantly more kits than normal in the third quarter last year to overcome supply issues. This was in addition to the kits for COVID trials. The pace of investigators returning kits has not rebounded as quickly as we expected. We believe this is largely due to COVID-related impacts and the macro environment, and that will return to normal levels over time. Both demand and orders in central laboratories continue to be very strong. In early development, we have strong demand for trial work as well as adequate capacity. However, the impact from our business was due to labor constraints. We are hiring as fast as we can. But like in many parts of the economy, finding labor has been difficult. Drug Development Base Business margins for the quarter were 15%, an expansion from last quarter but lower than anticipated due to the revenue in central laboratories and labor shortages in early development. We continue to see a healthy order flow and backlog in Drug Development, and the segment ended the quarter with a 1.25 trailing 12-month book-to-bill. Across Diagnostics and Drug Development, our margins were negatively impacted by rising labor costs and other inflationary pressures. We are taking cost actions, and we're focused on improving margins. In addition, LaunchPad savings continue to help offset the impact of near and expected midterm headwinds. Glenn will provide more detail on our quarterly results in just a moment. COVID PCR testing volumes continued to decline during the quarter, totaling 2.2 million tests performed and averaging 24,000 per day. As we enter the winter amid concerns about rising COVID, flu and RSV cases, we're maintaining adequate supply and capacity to accommodate current and future testing needs. Also, our scientists stand ready to respond as new variants arise. I'll now move to our enterprise strategy against which we're executing well by harnessing science, innovation and technology and capitalizing on key opportunities to help us deliver for all stakeholders. Earlier this month, we announced the completion of transactions that established our comprehensive laboratory relationship with Ascension. Our strategic collaboration includes an agreement for Labcorp to manage hospital labs in 10 states and to acquire certain lab assets. At its core, the collaboration expands access to Labcorp's comprehensive capabilities and laboratory services for communities served by Ascension. I'm pleased to report that the transition and the integration are going well, and we are now performing thousands of tests across the health system. This was a big undertaking, and I'd like to thank employees and leadership from Ascension and Labcorp who make the changeover as seamless as possible. In addition to the Ascension agreement, we're focused on accelerating our hospital and health systems business. We completed our acquisition of the outreach lab business and related assets of New Jersey-based RWJBarnabas Health during the quarter, and that integration is also progressing well. Our hospital and local lab acquisition and investment pipeline is very robust, and we see major opportunity now through 2023. Turning to oncology. We're furthering our position as a leader in this space through the addition of new testing and screening capabilities. We continue to see benefits from the Personal Genome Diagnostics, an omni portfolios, including their leading liquid biopsy, tissue-based diagnostics and kitting solutions. We have the broadest portfolio and capabilities in oncology diagnostics today, and we are well positioned for growth. We are also pursuing relationships that accelerate our growth and enhance our portfolio. This quarter, the company formed a strategic partnership with MD Anderson Cancer Center Foundation in Spain to increase access to early-phase oncology clinical trials. We also entered a collaboration with Becton, Dickinson and Company to help match patients with critical and potentially life-changing treatments for cancer and other diseases. In addition to our progress in oncology, Labcorp is relentlessly focused on innovating and delivering our customers valuable solutions across all areas to help them achieve their goals. We enhanced our neurology offering in the quarter through the launch of a pan-neoplastic and other neuro autoimmune panels, Together with our previously announced test for brain injuries and neurodegenerative disease, these panels round out our portfolio and give us a leadership position in neuro biomarkers to support customers. The company has seen growing demand for our at-home testing and collection options through Labcorp OnDemand, and our consumer product pipeline is strong. Our FDA authorization, combination COVID, flu, RSV at-home collection test continues to be important with the rise of respiratory virus cases expected this fall and through the winter. Lastly, Labcorp's commitment to its employees continues to be recognized. We recently were named by the Forbes to its list of World's Best Employers, and we also earned a top score on the 2022 Disability Equality Index. In summary, our base business fundamentals remain strong, and we are well positioned to deliver sustained long-term value and growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our third quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with an update on our full year guidance. For reference, we've also included additional business information that can be found in our supplemental deck on our Investor Relations website. Revenue for the quarter was $3.6 billion, a decrease of 11.2% compared to last year due to lower COVID testing and the negative impact from foreign currency translation. This was partially offset by organic Base Business growth and the impact from acquisitions. COVID testing revenue was down 70% compared to COVID testing last year, while the Base Business grew 0.7% compared to the Base Business last year. Organically, in constant currency, the Base Business grew 1.4%. Operating income for the quarter was $469 million or 13% of revenue. During the quarter, we had $65 million of amortization and $54 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily related to acquisitions, the proposed spin of the Clinical Development business, facility rationalization and other LaunchPad initiatives. Excluding these items, the adjusted operating income in the quarter was $589 million or 16.3% of revenue compared to $907 million or 22.3% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was primarily due to a reduction in COVID testing and the impact from acquisitions. The benefit from organic Base Business growth and LaunchPad savings were essentially offset by higher personnel expense and other inflationary costs. The tax rate for the quarter was 16.2%. The adjusted tax rate was 22.8% compared to 24.4% last year. The lower adjusted tax rate was primarily due to benefits from increased R&D tax credits. We now expect our annual adjusted tax rate going forward to be approximately 24%. Net earnings for the quarter were $353 million or $3.90 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS were $4.68 in the quarter compared to $6.82 last year. Operating cash flow was $374 million in the quarter compared to $767 million a year ago. The decrease in operating cash flow was primarily due to lower cash earnings. Capital expenditures totaled $104 million, down from $118 million last year. We continue to expect full year capital expenditures to be approximately 3.5% of Base Business revenue. Free cash flow was $270 million in the quarter. During the quarter, we invested $459 million on acquisitions, paid out $65 million in dividends and repurchased $400 million of stock, representing 1.5 million shares. At the end of the quarter, we had over $800 million of share repurchase authorization remaining. We continue to believe that our shares are undervalued, and our share repurchase program is an important part of our capital allocation strategy. At quarter end, we had $400 million in cash, while debt was $5.3 billion. Our leverage was 1.7x gross debt to trailing 12 months EBITDA. Excluding COVID testing earnings, our leverage was 2.5x, in line with our targeted range of 2.5 to 3x. Now I'll review our segment performance, beginning with Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $2.2 billion, a decrease of 15.7% compared to last year due to organic revenue being down 16.4%, partially offset by acquisitions of 0.9%. COVID testing revenue was down 70% compared to COVID testing last year, while the Base Business grew 3.7% compared to the Base Business last year. Relative to the third quarter of 2019, the compound annual growth rate for Base Business revenue was 4.3%, primarily due to organic growth. Total volume decreased 10.3% compared to last year as organic volume decreased by 10.9%, partially offset by acquisition of 0.6%. The decline in volume was due to COVID testing as Base Business volume grew 3.1% compared to the Base Business last year. Price/mix decreased 5.4% versus last year, primarily due to an organic decline of 5.5%, partially offset by acquisitions of 0.3%. The lower organic price/mix was due to COVID testing. Base Business price/mix was up 0.6% compared to Base Business last year, benefiting from higher esoteric test mix. Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $440 million or 19.9% of revenue compared to $775 million or 29.6% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was due to a reduction in COVID testing as lower COVID volumes caused margins to decline to approximately 50% for the quarter. We expect this margin level to continue through the rest of the year, which would put full year margin at approximately 60%. Base Business margins were flat versus last year as organic growth and LaunchPad savings were offset by higher personnel expenses and other inflationary costs. Now I'll review the performance of Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $1.4 billion, a decrease of 3.7% compared to last year, primarily due to foreign exchange translation of minus 3.4%. While acquisitions contributed 0.5% of growth, organic Base Business revenues declined 0.7% compared to last year due to the negative impact from lower COVID-related work and the Ukraine-Russia crisis. Excluding these impacts, organic Base Business revenue grew 3.8%. The central lab business continues to be the most impacted by lower COVID-related revenues and the impact from Ukraine-Russia crisis. Central lab Base Business revenues were down 9.8%. However, excluding these items, organic constant currency revenue was up 4.1%. While on a comparable basis, early development was up 8.6% and Clinical Development was up 2.3%. In addition, Clinical Development was impacted by the loss of an FSP contract outside the U.S. earlier this year, affecting third and fourth quarter revenue growth. However, recent wins, including a large Phase IV market access program, will support a return to higher growth in 2023. Reported Drug Development revenues grew 3 -- or 6.1% on a compounded annual basis compared to 2019. Adjusted operating income for the segment was $211 million or 15% of revenue compared to $226 million or 15.5% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was due to the reduction of COVID-related work in the Ukraine-Russia crisis. Excluding these issues, margins would have been up approximately 100 basis points compared to last year as the benefit from organic growth and LaunchPad savings were partially offset by inflationary costs and the negative mix impact from acquisitions. We ended the quarter with backlog of $15.2 billion, and we expect approximately $4.7 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Now I'll discuss our updated 2022 full year guidance, which reflects our year-to-date performance and fourth quarter outlook and assumes foreign exchange rates effective as of September 30, 2022, for the remainder of the year. The enterprise guidance also includes the impact from currently anticipated capital allocation with free cash flow targeted to acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends. We expect enterprise revenue to decline 6% to 7.5% compared to 2021. This is a decrease at the midpoint from our prior guidance of 275 basis points, primarily due to the slower pace of central lab kits shipped and kits received, early development labor constraints, lower COVID testing, the delay in the Ascension transaction and currency. This guidance now includes the expectation that the Base Business will grow 3% to 4%, while COVID testing is expected to decline 57% to 59%. We expect Diagnostics revenue to decline 10% to 11.5% compared to 2021. This guidance reflects a 25 basis point increase at the midpoint as the benefit from Ascension will be mostly offset by lower COVID testing demand. Diagnostics Base Business revenue is expected to grow 6% to 7%, an increase of 150 basis points at our midpoint due to Ascension now being reflected in the segment outlook, while it was in our enterprise guidance prior to closing the transaction. At the midpoint of our Base Business guidance, the compound annual growth rate compared to 2019 is 5%. Note that Ascension will be dilutive to Diagnostics AOI margin of approximately 100 basis points in the fourth quarter, but we expect margins to improve going forward as they are fully integrated. COVID testing is now expected to decline 57% to 59%. We expect PCR volume to be between 15,000 to 20,000 tests per day in the fourth quarter. We are currently tracking at approximately 15,000 PCR tests per day. We expect Drug Development revenue to decline 1.5% to 2.5% compared to 2021. This is a decrease at the midpoint from our prior guidance of 450 basis points, primarily due to the slower pace of kits shipped and kits received in central labs, labor constraints in early development and further currency translation headwinds. We expect the Base Business to decline 1% to 2% compared to 2021. Foreign currency translation negatively impacts our growth rate by 280 basis points. In addition, the growth rate is constrained by lower COVID-related work in the Ukraine-Russia crisis. At the midpoint of our Base Business guidance, the compound annual growth rate compared to 2019 is 7.7%. Our guidance range for adjusted EPS is $19.25 to $20.25, a narrowing of our prior guidance range of $19 to $21.25. At the midpoint, our guidance is lower by $0.38 due to lower COVID testing. In the Base Business, the decreased revenue outlook for Drug Development is being offset by additional cost control measures and the low effective tax rate. Free cash flow guidance is now $1.25 billion to $1.4 billion, down from our prior guidance of $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion. The decline in the cash outlook is due to lower projected cash earnings and higher working capital requirements. The lower cash earnings include the expected decrease in adjusted net earnings, the proposed spin and acquisition-related costs as well as the timing of cash tax payments. The higher working capital requirements, which are timing-related, primarily relates to Drug Development receivable collections as the company continues to work to improve days sales outstanding. Said differently, DSOs remained flat over the past quarter, but our guidance had assumed improvement in the second half of the year. In summary, our Diagnostics business continued to perform well, while our Drug Development business fundamentals remain strong in a challenging environment. We expect to drive continued profitable growth in our Base Business for the fourth quarter, while COVID testing volumes are expected to decline from the third quarter. We expect to continue to use our free cash flow generation for acquisitions that supplement our organic growth while also returning capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program and dividends. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question or comment comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan: Adam, wanted to dig into the Drug Development business. Just could you talk about what's changed in terms of the business trends since the second quarter? Labor and shortages has come up a lot in the discussion. Just talk about -- I don't know if there's a way to quantify, or some metric around the level of pressure you're seeing today versus back in July. And then, Glenn, you called out an FSP cancellation. Just when did that take place? Is there any color you can give around the size of that?
Adam Schechter: Jack, I'll go first. So first of all, if you look at Drug Development overall and you look at our new guidance at the midpoint, the full year growth would represent 7.7%, almost 8%, CAGR since it's 2019. So that's about what you would expect for the business. But what's changed, frankly, is that we're seeing a larger-than-expected impact from kits in central laboratory. That's the most significant change. What happened last year was investigators ordered more kits than they typically would because there were some supply issues. So for example, butterfly needles were in short supply for a period of time. Some of the test tubes that we need that go in those kits were in short supply. And typically, when an investigator order a kit, we'd be able to get it to them in 2 or 3 days. With the supply issues, sometimes it was taking quite a bit longer than that. So once we had supply of kits, the investigators were ordering many more than what they actually needed. It was only like hoarding of the kits. That's very difficult to track, it's very difficult to know exactly how many they're using at any period of time versus the number of kits that they have. At the same time, we were sending out a lot of kits because of the COVID trials. And the COVID trial kits were coming back to us very quickly because they were enrolling very fast. We were sending them out some massive numbers of investigators because everybody was focused on those COVID trials. So it kind of masked the return rates of the kits for non-COVID-related trials. As we sit here today, what we're seeing is the kits going out in the third quarter of this year were about 30% lower the number of kits that we sent out in the third quarter of last year. So it's pretty significant. And we get paid for each kit that goes out. But even more significant, the number of kits coming back to us are not at 2019 levels yet. And we actually make most of our money on the kits that come back to us because that's when we perform all of the tests on the samples that come back to us. Now we believe that's temporary. We think it's -- sometimes when there's COVID issues like in Europe and so forth, it slows down the kits coming back. There could be some labor issues at the sites that are slowing down the kits coming back to us. The kits will come back to us. The trials will enroll. So we think it's a temporary timing issue. The reason we didn't flag it before now is when we looked at the beginning of the summer, the kits coming back to us were actually starting to increase. So we felt like they would continue to increase. Unfortunately, they leveled off very quickly and they've not increased again since that time. So again, we believe it's temporary, and we're working on it. But it's certainly something that's new based on what we've seen in third quarter, and we've expected that to continue in our guidance in fourth quarter. At the same time, the other issue we have is just labor. I mean finding labor is hard right now, particularly for frontline and other important personnel that you need in your laboratories. And it's not only hard to find them, but once you find them, training for something in the laboratory takes a lot longer than most other workers. And it takes them a while before they become fully productive. So when you look at our early development business, that business looks great in terms of orders, in terms of our capacity, in terms of RFPs. The issue that we're facing there is we just can't get all the studies up and running as fast as we'd like because we're needing more personnel. And we're doing everything we can. If you look at Madison, Wisconsin, we have a large lab. We actually have buses wrapped in Labcorp talking about come to one of our career centers because we're trying to hire as many people as we can as fast as we can. And then I'll turn it to Glenn for the other question.
Glenn Eisenberg: Jack, yes, we commented that the FSP is impacting -- or the loss of the contract impacted our results in the quarter. The loss of it was actually earlier in the year and -- but the impact of it winding down really didn't impact our first half results. So really more of a third quarter or fourth quarter impact. For the quarter, it was around, call it, $22 million that we would have had in there a year ago for the contract. So it negatively -- recall, it was around a 3% headwind on for the Clinical Development business, and roughly half of that would be a headwind for the Drug Development segment. But again, as we commented as well, we've been really pleased with the recent awards that we have. So as we think about going into 2023, the lost contract there will be replaced by other orders that we're getting.
Adam Schechter: Exactly. The thing I'd add to is, overall, we feel good about the business fundamentals in both Diagnostics and Drug Development. The RFP inflow is strong. Our wins are strong. Even our ability to offset, as Glenn just said, the loss of that FSP with new wins and a large market access win that we have. So the fundamentals are strong. We believe these are temporary issues.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then as a follow-up, it's that time of year, everyone is focused on 2023. So I was wondering if you could just talk about puts and takes on EPS for next year. I think the COVID math, that 60% margin, suggests that could be a $5 headwind. I'm not sure if you agree with that. I think there's also probably some good guys with growth in Ascension, I look at The Street forecasting $18. Just any color on forecasting would be helpful.
Adam Schechter: Yes. I'll give you some color, I'll ask Glenn to jump in. And we'll provide more complete guidance, obviously, in February. But first of all, what we're focused on: we want to execute the spin as fast and as effectively as we possibly can. So we are focused on that. We've accelerated to the middle of next year, and we're doing everything we can to move quickly there. Second, when you think about Ascension and not just Ascension, some of the other hospital deals are really big and important to us. We're focused on integrating them, and they're going to represent strong growth opportunities, and it's going to represent significant revenue growth opportunities. What we're focused on in Diagnostics is the inflationary pressures that will remain, and we've got to find ways to reduce costs and to improve our margins. These hospital deals are going to impact our margins negatively in the beginning. And over time, we'll be able to take costs out. When you do these hospital deals, the most important thing is business continuity for the hospitals at that time. In addition to that, we have PAMA headwind, obviously. We're working to see if there's a new way to think about PAMA, which is SALSA. We're not putting on our base case at the moment. But by February, we should have a very good idea of where we are there. And then we have other things that Glenn can talk about.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, overall -- maybe first kind of at a high level, Jack, that when you think about kind of the headwinds as we go into 2023, and Adam kind of alluded to and you did as well in your opening comments, but COVID testing, we'll know more, obviously, when we give our guidance in February. But the assumption is that it's going to be down pretty materially next year and following the trend that we've seen. But again, we'll have a better assessment when we give our guidance. But to your point, we did around 60% margin on COVID testing this year. And again, we talked about the going forward 24% tax right now. A big variable, again, as Adam commented on is PAMA. We've looked at around an $80 million to $100 million, if you will, range of an impact. But again, by the time that we give our guidance, we should know whether or not PAMA will be in the numbers for next year or not, we'll see. And then just the additional headwinds from the current inflationary environment and the labor constraints. Having said that, we really see a lot more positives than the headwinds that we're seeing. The demand levels, especially the momentum that we've seen in the Diagnostics business, not only have we seen volume levels pick up sequentially each quarter but even through the months of the quarter. So the expectation is that, that will continue into the fourth quarter and continue into 2023. And also, when you think about the correlation, while we're giving up high-margin COVID testing normally when -- if the expectation is that, that will be down to low levels, bodes better for the Base Business within Diagnostics as well. Similarly, Adam commented on the level of demand in Drug Development isn't the issue per se. It's more the kits issue that we said really hasn't come back to 2019 levels. And this is really the only aspect of even Drug Development, and it's really just the kits that are being returned. And so the expectation is the demand is there, the backlog is strong, the conversion that kits returned should come back to more normalized levels, and then hopefully, with the labor capacity issue abates a bit as well. And then you add to that another strong year of focus on cost measures, LaunchPad initiatives, another strong year of free cash flow generation, that will add to a good pipeline for acquisitions, let alone returning our capital. So when you stir it all together, we're actually pretty optimistic for '23 where we sit today. From a top line perspective, from our ability to drive margin improvement, realizing that we'll have headwinds from PAMA potentially as well as the annualization of Ascension will be a little bit of a margin headwind as well. But those combined with capital allocation, we feel actually pretty optimistic as we go into 2023.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Erin Wright from Morgan Stanley.
Erin Wright: So where are we now in terms of business utilization across the Diagnostics segment compared to the pre-COVID baseline? And what are you seeing right now in terms of mix? Are there any sort of structural changes that we should be thinking about longer term? And just a follow-up on 2023 and how you're thinking about base organic diagnostic volume heading into that time period. Do you anticipate that we see a complete normalization in utilization trends? Or is it a build to that? And why or why not would that happen?
Glenn Eisenberg: Erin, this is Glenn. I'll start on that one. So again, one of the really positive things that we have seen is that the volume levels have recovered within Diagnostics that we continue to see good growth this year, obviously, over last but also compared to 2019. And we're tracking from a volume standpoint, call it, a little bit over 1% kind of CAGR compared to where we were. So clearly, more room for growth, which is why as we enter into 2023, we feel that volumes will continue to pick up as we go through more of the recovery. When you look on the price/mix side, which again has also been positive, tracking to kind of more historical levels, plus or minus kind of 1% growth. We talk about there's always kind of the pricing pressures that we see, but we get positive on price/mix because of mix. We continue to see our esoteric and routine businesses growing, but esoteric, growing at a faster pace, which helps our mix acquisitions that tended to help our mix as well. And actually, when we think about now the large lab hospital management agreement we have with Ascension, as you know, we treat that as price as opposed to volume. So you'll see a pickup from that aspect as well as that becomes in the numbers and annualized. But acquisitions overall, we continue to see a slight improvement in our test per session. So a lot of positive momentum on the price/mix side as well as the volume side.
Adam Schechter: And Erin, this is Adam. So I feel very good about the Diagnostics volume, and we're heading into next year with real strength. Our focus next year is going to be a lot of how can we improve margins and reduce costs. So that will be a big focus for us because we realize that the volume is going to grow extraordinarily well with these hospital deals. And we just have to make sure we get the margins to improve as fast as we can there.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly from Citi.
Patrick Donnelly: Maybe another one on the Drug Development side, just specifically on early development. You guys saw a sequential step-down there. I don't think that's happened in a couple of years. Just wanted to dive into that a little more specifically, what you're seeing there. Were there supply chain issues? Maybe talk about the demand environment and again, kind of the outlook on that piece because again, I don't think we've seen a sequential step-down a little bit there.
Adam Schechter: Yes. No. Thanks for the question, Patrick. We feel really good about our early development demand. In fact, our orders are good, our book-to-bill is good, our RFPs are good. One of the biggest issues is that if a customer comes to us right now, we can't start the study as fast as we'd like. We're into next year -- well into next year already. The biggest issue we're facing in early development is just labor, and trying to get enough people so that we can get as many studies up and running as possible is the real fundamental issue, and we're facing it in early development laboratories around the world. It's not specific to the United States. So we have huge efforts underway to try to hire as many people as we can. The second issue with labor is that bringing people to early development laboratories takes time. They have to be trained really well. So even as you hire people, it takes them longer than typical for them to be productive in a way that somebody that's been in our lab for a year is. So the issues that we're facing in early development is a labor issue.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Eric Coldwell from R. W. Baird.
Eric Coldwell: Following several similar questions, so maybe a bit redundant, but hoping we can get more specific. On Drug Development, could you talk about the overall cancellation rate and then parse that out across each of the segments? Could you actually give some demand metrics? I know you've talked about good orders, wins, RFPs, et cetera. But do you have any metrics you could actually share in terms of dollar volume increases across the segments or pipeline comments? And then is it possible, when you talk about cancellations, could you parse out cancellations that you're seeing due to actual client decisions not to go forward with the drug at all versus possibly share loss contract losses, things like the FSP? So just wanting to get to more of a market cancellation rate versus a share cancellation rate, if that's a possibility.
Adam Schechter: Yes. I'll start, Eric, and I'll ask Glenn to add some context. So we've not seen an increase in cancellation rates across any of the 3 segments. In fact, we're seeing the number of RFPs increasing as a percent year-over-year across the different segments. So demand feels pretty good. In terms of share loss, we lost the one FSP that we're going to more than offset with wins that we have. Things come in and they come out of our book-to-bill all the time. But it's going to impact us in the third and fourth quarter, and then we'll more than offset that as we go into next year with the wins that we have. If you look at the backlog, it's relatively flattish. The order growth in the quarter was offset by currency due to the strength of the dollar, but the cancellation rates are in the low single digits, and it's been that way for a very, very long time. I don't know, Glenn, if you want to add anything.
Glenn Eisenberg: No. I mean, I think that it's a -- we do provide it, Eric, is -- obviously, some key metrics that we think addresses that -- the level of orders that we have per quarter, the book-to-bill. Again, we talk about kind of the 1.2 or greater is really what we look for in order to hit kind of mid- to high single-digit growth rates. And obviously, the trailing 12 is at 1.25. So that continues to do well. The backlog, as Adam said, is up 6% year-on-year. The cancellation rates overall remain fairly steady. Again, as Adam said, kind of the low single digits is a normal process -- we have the normal gives and takes, if you will. The issue with the FSP contract and why we highlighted it for this quarter was not that it really had an impact kind of on the book-to-bill because we have stuff coming in, stuff coming out. But it was an existing contract so that we lose the revenues, if you will, on a year-over-year basis. Even though new orders coming in would offset, let's say, the cancellation, but the start-up for those revenues will be not in the current quarter.
Eric Coldwell: Is it possible -- if I can just do one follow-on. Is it possible to give us some sense of how understaffed you are in early development? Like what number of people are you looking to hire globally? And is it more technician? Or is it more -- what area is it? Are these vets? Are these pathologists? Are these -- what type of people are you looking? And how many are you looking to hire?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Sorry, I'd say 2 things. One is it's mostly the entry-level positions. It's not necessarily a pathologist or veterinarians. We're always having turnover and -- but the big issue is in entry-level position. The reason I'm not going to give you a percent is because it's not just the positions that we're filling, it's how long it's taking us to get people up to speed and trained. What I can say is that, with the work that we've done to increase our hiring rates, we've seen huge increases in the number of people that we're able to interview with the number of click rates on our sites because we've been doing a lot more through social media to try to hire people. So we are seeing that we are able to pick up demand, but it's still going to take us some time to train -- to get a really good laboratory technician fully trained could take up to 4 months, sometimes even longer, depending on how skilled they need to be.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: We talked a couple of times about the inflationary pressures. That's been something we've been talking about all year, but it sounds like you think that might be an incremental headwind next year. I guess I'd love to just flesh out because, I mean, I could see -- you think it's persistent, but persisting next year, which you're seeing this year. But to describe as an incremental headwind, I'd be interested to know where that's at. And it sounds like the offset -- one of the offsets has been the LaunchPad initiatives. Is it tougher to come up with those kind of savings programs? Are you finding it -- that's been going for a while. Are you finding it a little more challenging to find meaningful savings opportunities under that program?
Adam Schechter: Yes. No, thanks for the question, A.J. First of all, I'd say it's just continued inflationary pressure. But we're seeing it in a lot of areas of our cost structure. You're seeing it in materials, people-related expenses, supply chain and a tight labor market. So we're just focused on maintaining operational continuity while also managing through these headwinds. So it's not like there's new issues that we're facing. We just believe they're going to be continued issues that we're facing. The LaunchPad program, as you said, it's helping us mitigate these costs. We have plans in place. We have a path forward. We know how we're going after the LaunchPad initiatives. When we give you a number, we give that number with knowledge of how we're going to go after it and how we're going to get it. The key now that we're working on is how can we accelerate some of those savings, not do we know where they are. We know where they are. And some of them are in process improvements, some of those automation. Some of those take time, and we're trying to find ways to accelerate all of them.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo from UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: Can we talk a little bit about the impact Ascension's making and how to think about it? You gave us some numbers for 4Q in terms of the volumes and then also the margin pressure. Is the -- are the costs related to starting? Is that onetime in nature? Or is it just a lower-margin business that's going to have an adverse effect on the margins going forward? And is -- I know it closed in October. So is that a full quarter? Should we think about that as a full quarter? Or would it be more magnified going forward? Like how should we think about the impact?
Adam Schechter: I'll give you some context, Kevin, and I'll ask Glenn to jump in and so forth. First of all, we just closed the deal on September 30. Typically, that business is lower-margin business to start with. When we take over these laboratories, the most important thing that we do is ensure that the physicians can order and we can perform the test seamlessly if not better than what they had before. So we don't take out costs, we don't change systems, we don't change supply chain in the beginning. We just transition over the work with minimal disruption. And then over time, we use our scale and our capabilities to reduce their cost and improve the margins. So this is more about making sure that we do this the right way. This is a massive undertaking, and we want to make sure that there's no disruption to the patients and the physicians first and foremost. So the margins are very low in the beginning. And then over time, they get better. They never reach our historical margins in Diagnostics because it's just always going to be to some degree lower, but it will certainly get better over time. And then I'll ask if Glenn has any additional context.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, the only thing I'd add to that is that when we think about the hospital system deals, and Adam kind of alluded to it, very attractive deals financially. When we look at kind of return on invested capital, just a different profile. The in-hospital lab management agreements that we have are really a fee-based. So as a percent of revenues, it's a headwind to the overall revenues. The outreach labs that we acquire have margin profiles similar to or enhance the overall margin for the Diagnostics group. But given the size of Ascension and the size of the in-hospital lab management agreement, it tends to -- this is a higher percentage of in-hospital than a typical even hospital system deal we would do. We commented that it would be around 100 basis points negative impact to us in the fourth quarter. And then as Adam said, with the expectation that margins will grow as we integrate it into 2023 and beyond, but it will have less of a headwind in '23 as the margins pick up above what the first quarter would affect us.
Kevin Caliendo: So the net effect, you didn't really call it out as a headwind or a tailwind for '23. Should we assume that from an EBIT perspective, net-net, it's neutral then?
Glenn Eisenberg: So from an EBIT perspective, call it, the first quarter. So the fourth quarter, first time we have it is kind of neutral. It will be positive from a profitability standpoint next year. So again, as you look at our financial criteria for acquisitions and these partnerships, we look for them to be accretive to earnings year 1, earn cost of capital by year 3 and have a very attractive IRR. And Ascension is no different. The first full year of ownership, positive to earnings and cash flow accretion. We'll earn our cost of capital at least by year 3 as an overall transaction. So we're excited about it, but with an acknowledgment that from a return on revenues, it will be dilutive to diagnostics markets.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Rachel Vatnsdal from JPMorgan Chase.
Rachel Vatnsdal: So just following up on the Drug Development side. So you talked a bit about the kit stocking dynamic. Last quarter, you said that, that was a $30 million revenue headwind. So can you just quantify how much of a headwind it was this quarter? And then what's assumed within guidance for kit stocking heading into 4Q and early next year as well?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I'll take the second part first, Rachel. So we're assuming that the kits coming back to us do not improve for the rest of this year. We've not seen improvement, therefore, for the rest of this year, we're assuming no additional improvement from where we are, which is slightly lower than the 2019 levels. In terms of kits out the door, they're actually at 2019 rate as we sit here today. And when I say 2019, I think 2019 and I put projected 4% or 5% growth on that each year. And when you get to this year, where you would expect us to be if we grew 4% or 5% CAGR since 2019. So kits out the doors look good and they're back to where they need to be. We want to get some more time under our belts to see as the kits start to come back to us faster, and we'll provide more information for 2023 where we give 2023 guidance. But for the rest of the year, we've taken out significant growth and kits back to us.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. So Rachel, to your comment, obviously, it continues to be at roughly that level on what we would call COVID-related. So roughly half of the cost impacting us from a revenue standpoint would be the kits. So call it, around $25 million impact during the quarter year-on-year. And similarly, the lower vaccine and therapeutics related to COVID would have the same amount of impact on the revenues for the quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Derik De Bruin from Bank of America.
John Kim: This is John on for Derik. You did a good amount of share buybacks in the quarter, and you're continuing to target hospital deals and local lab deals. Are there any additional areas that you're looking to prior to the Covance spin? And also, I wanted to ask if you're seeing any trends or -- trends in bad debts and then if you have any expectations there.
Adam Schechter: I'll answer the first part. So if you look at our capital allocation, we continue to be committed to our dividend. We continue to look at these hospital and local laboratory deals. They help us with our growth in our core. They're accretive first year to return the cost of capital quickly. And then we continue to believe we are undervalued. So share buybacks will continue to be a big part of our capital allocation, and we still have over $800 million that are available to us.
Glenn Eisenberg: And John, on the bad debt, again, not seeing really any change. Again, Drug Development, we normally don't have any bandwidth issues in the Diagnostics side. It's been at a fairly steady state. I would say, probably see a little bit of an increase now that the HRSA for the COVID testing. So when you look at our 50% margin that we did in the quarter, let alone expected in the fourth, there's a little bit of that associated with it. But as a general rule, bad debt continues to be consistent with what we would have experienced in the past.
John Kim: Got you. And just one more. Has the turnover for frontline workers stabilized? Or do you see any additional need to reinstate retention program bonuses or anything like that?
Adam Schechter: I would say it continues to be an issue with labor almost everywhere that I look in the economy, and frankly, around the world. I don't think it's getting worse. I just think it continues to be the same. So at this point in time, we're doing a lot of work on what we can do to retain people, attract people. We're facing very similar issues that other health care companies, but also even more broadly than that are facing.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. And John, when you look at our difference between our reconciliation in our financial statements that we said and we do break out retention. And you'll see, as Adam said, we continue to use that where needed. But overall, not a material issue.
Adam Schechter: Okay, so I want to -- yes, thank you. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. I believe that we have a lot to be excited about when we look at the future in the coming year. And then we're going to make continued progress. We know what we have to get done, and we're going to get it done. I want to welcome our associates from Ascension, and I want to once again thank our employees around the world who are carrying out their critical mission to improve their critical mission to improve health next day for everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 15:24:02) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Labcorp Second quarter 2022 Earnings Call. . Thank you. Chas Cook, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Chas Cook: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to Labcorp's Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com, we posted both a press release and an Investor Relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which includes a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call as well as a presentation on additional information on the spin-off of the clinical development business. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the estimated 2022 guidance and the related assumptions; the proposed spin-off of the clinical development business; the impact of various factors on the company's businesses, operating and financial results, cash flows and/or financial condition, including the COVID-19 pandemic and general economic and market conditions; future business strategies; expected savings and synergies, including from the LaunchPad initiative and from acquisitions; and opportunities for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements are subject to change based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control. More information is included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in the company's other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now I'll turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Chas, and good morning, everybody. Today, we announced we are pursuing the spin of our clinical development business, and we released our second quarter results. It's an exciting day for Labcorp, and we have a lot to cover. So I'll start with the spin. We are pursuing the spin of our clinical development business to shareholders through a tax-free transaction. This transaction will create 2 leading, independent and global public companies that will each be well positioned to innovate, grow significantly and enhance shareholder value. This announcement marks the beginning of an exciting new chapter for our businesses and is a testament to our team's growth mindset, resilience and determination over the last several years. The decision to spin off the clinical development business resulted from our Board and management team's ongoing review of opportunities, including discussions with third parties, that best position us for growth, success with our customers and shareholder value creation. When we announced the conclusion of our strategic review in December of last year, we determined that the company's structure was in the best interest of stakeholders at that time. We reiterated that management and the Board were committed to continuing to evaluate all avenues for enhancing customer and shareholder value. We have now determined that spinning off the clinical development business is the best path forward to achieve this objective. The planned spin will position our businesses to thrive as 2 independent companies with greater strategic flexibility and operational focus to innovate, to pursue their distinct priorities and to better meet customer needs and capture growth opportunities. Each company will benefit from its own capital structure, enhanced investor alignment through a more targeted investment opportunity and a differentiated value proposition. Each will be well capitalized and positioned to generate substantial top and bottom line growth with strong free cash flow and attractive returns. We expect this transaction to drive significant value for shareholders as we'll provide investors with the opportunity to participate in the significant upside potential of 2 leading global businesses in the health care sector. This transaction allows Labcorp to move forward as a strong, global, innovative laboratory services business with significant growth potential. The Labcorp business will include routine and esoteric labs, central labs and early development research labs. In 2021, these businesses reported testing for 82% of the therapeutics submitted to the FDA, tested patients grew over 100 countries and performed over 650 million tests globally. Each is a leader in their respective markets. The combination of these businesses creates a cohesive global provider of laboratory-focused services with complementary resources, significant scale and a diverse customer base poised to grow in a global addressable market of over $150 billion. Labcorp's customers will continue to benefit from its deep scientific expertise, our innovative mindset, our vast health data and insights as well as our advanced global laboratory network. With a more focused platform for growth, we expect Labcorp will be able to capture upside as we advance innovations to deliver on our customers' future needs. Over the last 4 quarters, the lab businesses delivered total revenue of $12.7 billion or $10.5 billion excluding COVID testing revenue. These businesses grew at a 5.5% CAGR from the second quarter 2019 and the second quarter of 2022, excluding COVID testing revenue. Going forward, Labcorp is expected to deliver mid-single-digit annual revenue growth, and we remain firmly committed to our capital allocation strategy and to maintaining an investment-grade credit rating. The clinical development business will continue to be a leading global provider of Phase I through Phase IV clinical trial management, market access and technology solutions, serving a broad customer base, including pharmaceutical and biotechnology organizations. It will be positioned to compete and to win in a growing and dynamic market, including extending its leadership in oncology, cell and gene therapy, rare diseases and other emerging therapeutic areas. The clinical development business will be able to implement a capital structure that is tailored to support its growth strategy and enhance stakeholder value. Importantly, we expect the clinical development business will retain access to Labcorp's vast health and clinical data set through an arrangement to support clinical development customers with the ability to tap into Labcorp's unique data and capabilities. The clinical development business will be poised to capitalize on its innovation and technology platform to drive significant growth. Over the last 4 quarters, the clinical development business delivered total revenue of $3 billion. This business grew at an 8% CAGR from the second quarter of 2019 to the second quarter of 2022. Going forward, the clinical development business is expected to deliver high single-digit revenue growth. We will have a strong balance sheet and significant financial flexibility. I want to emphasize that each business has delivered strong performance, and we expect that Labcorp and the clinical development business will be poised for even greater growth as independent, more focused companies. We expect to close the transaction in the second half of next year, and we look forward to sharing more about its progress in the future. I'll now move to cover the company's second quarter performance and provide an update on progress against our strategy before turning it over to Glenn. The Base Business in the quarter continued to perform well despite ongoing impacts from COVID, the Ukraine-Russia crisis and foreign exchange rates. In the quarter, revenue totaled $3.7 billion, adjusted earnings per share reached $4.96, and free cash flow was $429 million. In Diagnostics, Base Business revenue for the quarter was up 3.9% versus the prior year due to increased demand for both routine and esoteric testing. The Base Business CAGR was 4.3% from 2019 pre-COVID, demonstrating strong, continued underlying performance. Drug Development revenue was flat in constant currency data in the quarter versus last year, with growth in early development and clinical development offset by central labs. Central labs was impacted by the significant slowdown in COVID-related work and the Russia-Ukraine crisis. On a CAGR basis, in 2019, pre-COVID, the Drug Development Base Business grew 9%. Margins in Drug Development improved in the quarter to 14.7% and are expected to continue to increase throughout the year. Glenn will provide more detail on our second quarter results in a moment. Now I'll provide a brief update on our efforts to address the COVID-19 pandemic, and most recently, assist in the monkeypox outbreak. COVID PCR volumes totaled 2.8 million for the second quarter, averaging 31,000 per day. Time to results remained 1 day on average. With respect to the monkeypox outbreak, in collaboration with the CDC and FDA, we became the first national laboratory to begin testing for monkeypox using the CDC test. I'll now turn to progress against our strategy. In addition to today's announcement, we've made significant progress against our strategy by putting science, innovation and technology at the center of all we do. The company introduced multiple innovative and high-quality diagnostics to consumers and physicians in the quarter. We continued to expand our at-home test offerings through Labcorp OnDemand, including a first-of-kind blood collection device for diabetes risk screening. In addition, we launched an FDA-approved men's rapid fertility test. For brain injuries and neurodegenerative disease, in July, we were first to begin offering a test that can help physicians diagnose conditions, including concussions, Alzheimer's and Parkinson's. Finally, we expanded our central labs kit production capabilities to improve delivery and address growing demand across Europe, the Middle East and Africa. We announced the planned expansion of our central labs presence and drug development capabilities in Japan in collaboration with BML. Turning to oncology. We continue to deepen our leadership position by expanding our cancer-related diagnostic screening and testing portfolio and by partnering with our pharmaceutical clients. During the second quarter, we launched a new skin cancer test that give doctors actionable insights to help determine the best treatment options. The test is also expected to be used to support clinical trials. For patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, we're collaborating with Lilly and using Labcorp's OmniSeq INSIGHT genomic test to help physicians make more informed and personalized treatment decisions. Moving now to new and ongoing partnerships and acquisitions. During the second quarter, we acquired select outreach business assets and agreed to provide ongoing technical support to Prisma Health's hospital laboratories. We completed our acquisition of select clinical outreach business assets from AtlantiCare in New Jersey. We reached an agreement to acquire the clinical outreach business and related assets of RWJBarnabas Health, also in New Jersey. And the previously announced relationship with Ascension is progressing through normal regulatory approvals. We continue to have a very strong pipeline of health system and regional acquisition possibilities, and we look forward to announcing more in the future. In summary, we continue to deliver solid results, improve our performance and execute on our strategy to create long-term value for all stakeholders. We're encouraged by momentum heading into the second half of the year and by the strategic opportunity for Labcorp's growth and impact in the future. With that, I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our second quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with an update on our full year guidance. For reference, we've also included additional business information that can be found in our supplemental deck on our Investor Relations website. Overall, the company performed well in the quarter. Revenues for the quarter were $3.7 billion, a decrease of 3.7% compared to last year due to lower COVID testing and the negative impact from foreign currency translation. This was mostly offset by organic Base Business growth and acquisitions net of divestitures. COVID testing revenue was down 42% compared to COVID testing last year, while the Base Business grew 1.2% compared to the Base Business last year. Organically, in constant currency, the Base Business grew 1.6%. Operating income for the quarter was $526 million or 14.2% of revenue. During the quarter, we had $66 million of amortization and $64 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily related to acquisition and integration costs, facility rationalization and other LaunchPad initiatives. Excluding these items, adjusted operating income in the quarter was $656 million or 17.7% of revenue compared to $840 million or 21.9% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was primarily due to a reduction in COVID testing, higher personnel expense and other inflationary costs, partially offset by organic Base Business growth and LaunchPad savings. The tax rate for the quarter was 24.7%. The adjusted tax rate was also 24.7% compared to 25.1% last year. The lower adjusted rate was primarily due to the geographic mix of earnings. We continue to expect the adjusted tax rate for the full year to be comparable with last year at approximately 25%. Net earnings for the quarter were $359 million or $3.87 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS were $4.96 in the quarter compared to $6.13 last year. Operating cash flow was $572 million in the quarter compared to $487 million a year ago. The increase in operating cash flow was due to higher cash earnings and favorable working capital. Capital expenditures totaled $143 million, up from $97 million last year, primarily due to timing. As a result, free cash flow was $429 million in the quarter. During the quarter, we invested $100 million on acquisitions, paid out $67 million in dividends and repurchased $400 million of stock, representing 1.7 million shares. At the end of the quarter, we had $1.1 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. Now I'll review our segment performance, beginning with Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $2.3 billion, a decrease of 4.7% compared to last year due to organic revenue being down 5.7%, partially offset by acquisitions of 1.2%. COVID testing revenue was down 42% compared to COVID testing last year, while the Base Business grew 3.9% compared to the Base Business last year. Relative to the second quarter of 2019, the compound annual growth rate for Base Business revenue was 4.3%, primarily due to organic growth. Total volume decreased 2.7% compared to last year as organic volume decreased by 3.1% partially offset by acquisition volume of 0.4%. COVID testing volume was down 45% compared to COVID testing last year, while Base Business volume grew 3.4% compared to the Base Business last year. We continue to see Base Business volumes improve as we're now up 0.6% on a compounded basis compared to the second quarter of 2019. Price/mix decreased 2% versus last year, primarily due to an organic decline of 2.6%, partially offset by acquisitions of 0.8%. The lower organic price/mix was primarily due to COVID testing as the Base Business was relatively flat. Base Business price/mix benefited from esoteric growing faster than routine testing, but was negatively impacted by payer mix. Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $516 million or 22.9% of revenue compared to $663 million or 28% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was primarily due to a reduction in COVID testing. COVID testing margins were down compared to last year due to lower testing demand while the company continued to main capacity. In addition, margins were negatively impacted by COVID testing payer mix. Base Business margins were lower due to higher personnel expenses and other inflationary costs partially offset by organic growth and LaunchPad savings. Going forward, we expect the second half Base Business margins to be up year-over-year due to improved demand and labor efficiency. Now I'll review the performance of Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $1.5 billion, a decrease of 2.9% compared to last year, primarily due to foreign currency translation of 2.6% and lower COVID testing of 0.6%. Organic-based growth was negatively impacted by lower COVID-related work, the Ukraine-Russia crisis and lower pass-throughs. Excluding these impacts, organic Base Business revenues grew in the mid- to high single digits. Base Business revenues compared to Base Business last year declined 2.3%, but was up 0.4% on a constant currency basis. Early development experienced good growth as did the clinical business, which was constrained by lower pass-throughs. Central labs was down year-on-year but up 6.7% on a compounded basis versus the second quarter of 2019. The decline year-over-year included the impact from lower COVID-related work and the Ukraine-Russia crisis. We expect central labs revenue to be up in the second half year-over-year based on the strength of its backlog. Drug Development segment revenue was up 8.8% on a compounded basis relative to the second quarter of 2019 primarily driven by organic growth. Adjusted operating income for the segment was $213 million or 14.7% of revenue compared to $221 million or 14.8% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was due to a reduction in COVID-related work, the Ukraine-Russia crisis and inflationary costs. These impacts were partially offset by organic Base Business growth and LaunchPad savings. And in addition, personnel expense was lower due to cost reduction actions and variable compensation. In the second half, we expect top line growth and continued cost reductions to drive margin expansion such that the full year Base Business margin will be comparable to 2021. We ended the quarter with backlog of $15.2 billion, and we expect approximately $4.8 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Now I'll discuss our updated 2022 full year guidance, which reflects our first half performance and outlook and assumes foreign exchange rates effective as of June 30, 2022, for the remainder of the year. The enterprise guidance also includes the impact from currently anticipated capital allocation with free cash flow targeted to acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends. We expect enterprise revenue to decline 2% to 6% compared to 2021. This is a decrease at the midpoint from our prior guidance of 50 basis points due to the change in currency. This guidance now includes the expectation that the Base Business will grow 5% to 7.5%, while COVID testing is expected to decline 50% to 60%. We expect Diagnostics revenue to decline 9% to 13% compared to 2021. This is an increase at the midpoint by 250 basis points driven by our updated expectations for COVID testing. COVID testing is now expected to decline 50% to 60%, while our Base Business is expected to grow 4% to 6%, unchanged from our prior guidance. At the midpoint of our Base Business guidance, the compound annual growth rate compared to 2019 is 4.5%, primarily driven by organic growth. We expect Drug Development revenue to grow 1.5% to 3.5% compared to 2021. This is a decrease at the midpoint of our prior guidance of 475 basis points. The decline includes 130 basis point change from foreign currency translation as well as the impact from lower COVID-related revenues and lower pass-through revenues. Compared to last year, the guidance range of 1.5% to 3.5% growth includes the negative impact from foreign currency translation of 230 basis points. This guidance also includes the expectation that the Base Business will grow 2% to 4% compared to 2021. Excluding lower COVID-related work and the Ukraine-Russia crisis, the constant currency growth rate would be in the high single digits compared to 2021. At the midpoint of our Base Business guidance, the compound annual growth rate compared to 2019 is 9.3%, primarily driven by organic growth. Our guidance range for adjusted EPS is now $19 to $21.25, an increase at the midpoint of $0.50 compared to our prior guidance. This increase is primarily due to the impact from COVID testing. Free cash flow guidance remains unchanged at $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion. In summary, the company had a solid quarter. We expect to drive continued profitable growth in our Base Business for the remainder of the year, while COVID testing volumes are expected to decline relative to the first half of this year. We expect to continue to use our free cash flow generation for acquisitions that supplement our organic growth while also returning capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program and dividends. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: . Your first question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Rivka Goldwasser: This is Ricky Goldwasser and Erin Wright from Morgan Stanley. So Adam and Glenn, congrats for moving forward with elements of the strategic sort of program. Question I have is, as we think about sort of the clinical business, can you give us some context as to the margins that are associated with that business and how it compares to what's staying with sort of kind of like the core Labcorp or central versus early development? And then I have another follow-up after that.
Adam Schechter: Sure. First of all, thanks for the question. And I'll give you some context, and I'll ask Glenn to give some additional context. The first thing is that the clinical development market is a very exciting market. It's probably about more than $25 billion in potential revenue. So it's a very large market, and it grows very quickly. And if you look at the business that we're spinning out, historically, it has about an 8% CAGR. And what we expect for the future is that it will have high single-digit organic growth. So it is a fast-growing business in a very large market. That's part of the reason we think it makes sense to spin it out at this time. When you look at the margins, we don't give the exact margin yet. And the reason why is because we still have a lot of shared services, and we have to break out those shared services to understand what the full margin picture will look like. Historically, what we've said is that we've seen margin improvement in that business year-over-year for multiple years now. And as we look to the future, and we said there'd be margin expansion, we've always said that the clinical development business has the greatest potential for additional margin expansion.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. The only thing I'd add, Adam, is that, Ricky, as you know, when we've done the enhanced disclosures, so we provide the full Drug Development segment, obviously, revenue down to margins. When we gave the enhanced disclosure of the 3 businesses that comprise it, obviously, clinical being one of them, we didn't provide the margins essentially for the reason that Adam had said, that we have a lot of shared resources. They're not necessarily stand-alone businesses. They're part of the segment. I think directionally, it's fair to say that when you look at the margins of the businesses, they all have different characteristics. And in the case of the clinical business, it is the one business that has, frankly, over 20% of its revenues that are pass-through revenues. So obviously, would constrain the margins of that business relative to the other businesses that wouldn't have that. But as Adam said, it's a very profitable business and a business that each year, we've seen margin improvement continue, and we expect that to continue going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: Congratulations on the deal announcement. I might just ask you, in the Base Business, Drug Development, one of the things throughout this year is how the margin is planned to step up over the course of the year, and you had good margin improvement from, I think, 11.6% in the first quarter to 14.7% in the second. But you're also reiterating that you think you'll be similar to last year, which I think is 15.2%, implying further step-up. What allowed you to show the 300 basis points of margin improvement from first quarter to second? And what further gets you that back half margin improvement that's embedded in guidance?
Glenn Eisenberg: It's Glenn. I'll start with that one. When you look at where we were in the first quarter, and the margins were low, and we kind of explained where they were. We felt pretty good that we made the comment that still for the full year, we would expect margins to be comparable year-on-year, in part because of the run rate where we were ending that quarter. So we did see what we saw towards the end of the first quarter. And again, came in margins now comparable to last year. Frankly, they would have been up compared to last year if you took out the COVID testing that we did last year. So as we think about the second half, we have still the expectation of continued top line growth, but also a lot of the cost reduction initiatives, LaunchPad and so forth, that was, call it, late in the second quarter. We're going to now get the full quarter benefit as we go into the third and the fourth. So between the top line, between the cost reduction initiatives that we have in place, similar to the end of the first quarter as we finished the second quarter, we're frankly at a run rate now that supports the higher level of margins that we would need to see in the second half to continue to believe that our full year margins will be comparable -- on a Base Business level, comparable to what we did last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies.
Taji Phillips: This is Taji Phillips on for Brian. So just going back to your most recent news about the announcement of the spin-off, can you provide some color on your thinking and the strategy moving forward? Specifically, given that clinical business is typically a strong pipeline for central lab work, how do you see that dynamic playing out between the 2 independent companies after the spin-off?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you for that question. And as we look at the strategy overall, I mean, the reason it makes sense to do the spin and to do it now, it really is going to give strength and strategic flexibility and operational focus so that we can pursue the specific market opportunities and customer needs in each of those areas. The market for our laboratory services is different than that of the clinical trials. It gives us the focused capital structures and capital allocation strategies to drive the growth that we're looking for. And I think it also provides shareholders with more target investment opportunities. We are going to have arrangements between the companies that will enable -- that will enable us to make sure that the new business will have access to some of the data and the insights that we get from the diagnostics, which is a big part of the advantage that I think the Drug Development business has. In terms of looking at the central laboratory business, what's interesting is our central laboratory business, the vast, vast majority of our business comes from companies outside of ours. And in fact, it's only about 15% to 20% of the central laboratory business that comes from the clinical trials that we're running. So I think we actually will have expanded opportunities to do even more central laboratory work as we open it up and we're no longer only related to one Phase I through IV organization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan: Big announcement this morning. So I had two questions for you. First is on the timing, why announce it today versus back in December? What's changed over the last 7 months? And then second, how did you decide where you wanted to draw the line? I see the rationale to hold on to the clinical testing piece. But specifically, I wanted to hear your thoughts on why it makes sense to hold on to safety assessment.
Adam Schechter: Yes. No, thanks so much for the question, Jack. I appreciate it. The first thing I'd say is we did the strategic review the majority of last year. And at the end of last year, in December, we announced 5 things that we're going to do. We were going to do a dividend, a large share buyback program, of which we'd accelerate part of that. We announced the LaunchPad initiative. We gave long-term guidance, and we also announced that we would have increased disclosures. And we gave time lines for each of those things. And I hope you see we met every deliverable that we committed to -- in the time line that we committed to. But importantly, in December, we said that we decided that the current structure was in the best interest of stakeholders at that time. And we were very clear to say at that time because we knew that post the review, the Board was going to continue to evaluate avenues to enhance value, including potential transactions. We were going to talk to more external people. At this point, we see strong growth in each of the businesses. So we feel really good about the business profiles. We've determined that a separation by spin will enhance value, but it's also going to give both companies the ability to get sustainable growth. And to me, having focused capital structures is really important because there's a lot of business development opportunities out there. And I think the way you prioritize those could be very different between the 2 businesses. And the last thing I would say is the COVID environment, if you remember, at the end of last year and the beginning of this year with Omicron was pretty dire. And we were very focused on making sure we could do all the tests we could, that we could do all the drug development studies that we were involved in, and it wasn't the right time for any type of distraction or disruption. So overall, we believe now is the right time to move forward. Second part of your question was, where do you draw the line? It's very clear that the laboratory business has a very different capital structure, equipment needs, very different needs than the structure for a clinical development business, which is basically people out on the street. And there's no doubt that when you think about having a global footprint for diagnostics, it will enable us to bring diagnostic testing around the world. The other thing that's important is when you think about companion diagnostics and personalized medicine, much of that is done very early in development. So as we think about having laboratory services, it's going to enable us to have a global footprint to do personalized companion diagnostics, which is becoming more important, and to bring that out around the world and has a very, very different growth profile, a very different capital structure needs and so forth. So we were very thoughtful and made sure that we're making very thoughtful decisions as to what we keep with laboratory versus what we spin out with clinical development.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Your next question comes from Eric Coldwell with Baird.
Eric Coldwell: I apologize if I missed this early in the conversation. I had a hard time getting on to the call. Late in the second quarter or as we kind of went into a quiet period, there was a fair amount of market chatter about some realignments going on within drug development broadly. I'd love to get your take on what exactly happened, reduction in force, compensation realignment, things of that sort. Is that included in the LaunchPad savings characterization? Or was there something more specific to drug development that was an additional action at the end of the quarter to help get the margin profile in line with what you were targeting?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you for the question, Eric. And sorry you had a problem getting on the call. We'll look into that. With regard to the drug development, we put the LaunchPad initiatives in place back in December, and we had a pretty strong understanding of what we were going to do. We did accelerate some of the LaunchPad initiative. But a big part of what we did in the second quarter was we realized that in central laboratory, we were not doing much new COVID-related work. And because of that, we were able to reduce a significant number of people, particularly those that were making kits by hand. And we had a lot of people doing that. I said before that we were keeping extra people in both drug development and in the diagnostic areas because we didn't know what we potentially need in the future for COVID. We've determined that for central laboratory, we do not believe we're going to have a lot of new COVID-related work moving forward, and therefore, we didn't need to have those people that were making the manual kits. So that's probably a lot of what you heard. As we move forward, we're going to continue to have other LaunchPad initiatives in place. A lot of those are about how we can improve efficiency and effectiveness, but also, we believe that we're going to continue to have margin expansion in that business as well based upon the run rate that we are at right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi.
Patrick Donnelly: Maybe just quick ones on the Covance business. Can you just talk generally about kind of the cancellation environment? It seems like it's been a little mixed this quarter across CROs. Are you seeing any uptick there? And then secondarily, in terms of the spin, will you guys consider kind of strategic options over the next year in terms of kind of selling it to a larger player? Or is it kind of set on kind of the tax-free spin?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you for the question, Patrick. And when you look at the RFP environment in drug development, it remains very healthy. And in fact, if you look even our central laboratory, we had a decline this quarter because of the COVID-related work. But we're confident in the growth in that business for the Base Business going forward because of the orders that we see and the book-to-bill that we have. So we have not seen an increased cancellation environment. We continue to see a very strong environment for all aspects of the Drug Development business as we move forward. With regard to the spin, we've looked at all the different options. And based on all those options, we believe a spin is the right thing to do. Of course, there may be other things that people come to us. But I think we've shown as a management team, we're open. We listen. We really analyze whatever comes our way. But based on everything we know, as we sit here today, we think the spin is the best path forward for really capturing both customer and shareholder value.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.
Kieran Ryan: This is Kieran Ryan on for Pito. Starting with the Diagnostics business. It looks like base margins came down again depending on what assumption you want to use around COVID margins, but your key competitor was talking about some margin contraction on COVID revenues due to a higher mix of retail tests as well as some reimbursement pressure. So I was just wondering if that's something you're seeing as well and then also just how you think about that retail channel opportunity and balancing those extra volumes with the margin side.
Adam Schechter: Yes. No, thank you for the question, Kieran. The first thing I'd say is we think the Diagnostic business is performing very well. The Base Business revenue grew 3.9% versus the prior year, and the Base Business volume was up 3.4% compared to last year. And the growth was coming from both routine and esoteric testing. In fact, if you look at the Base Business CAGR, it was 4.3% versus 2019. So you see good, strong underlying performance. When you look at the PCR testing, you'd see the decline. You saw a decline from first quarter to now. And in fact, we did about 31,000 tests per day on average. When you do less tests, it has some impact on the margin. We've also seen a payer mix switch. We used to have the uninsured firm, HRSA. We no longer have that. That was higher-margin business than the retail sector. We've seen more of our business move to the retail sector, where also it challenges our margins a bit. Margin right now for PCR testing is about 60%, but we'll continue to do everything we can to manage that. And we see the retail sector as an opportunity. But frankly, we're really focused on our Base Business. We're really focused on the hospital and the local laboratory acquisitions that are before us. And to me, that's the long-term growth that we see. So we'll continue to do what we can in PCR testing, but long term, we're really focused on getting that base business to perform well, and I think you've seen that in the quarter.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. The only thing I'd add to that, and Adam commented that it's still at a very attractive margin. So we've commented in the past that last year, we were kind of in the 70% margin, so obviously very attractive. But to still be at 60% speaks to the fact that, one, volume levels are down, we continue to keep the labor force to make sure that we have the capacity because we don't know if there'll be future spikes. So obviously, from a labor efficiency, we're absorbing that. And obviously, as Adam said, too, as we do more in the retail setting, it has a mix. But again, as we look to the outlook for the year, and part of the reason for the improved outlook in our earnings guidance that we have is that we're actually performing more COVID testing than what we had expected, and that's why we continue to keep the excess capacity available for the unknown.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: I jumped on late, so my apologies if I repeat. On the -- can you talk a little bit about the embedded expectations on the current acquisitions you have, just what the M&A contribution is? And Specifically just on performance, have these been any bigger drag than you thought on the margin? Particularly thinking of the Personal Genome Diagnostics business as you sort of ramp that up and take that through. So just some incremental color on M&A contributions and just sort of like the margin impact that you see.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. I guess, first, to your comment, when we announced PGDx and also when we announced Ascension, which obviously hasn't closed yet, we commented that both acquisitions were very strategic and we believe would provide a very attractive return on our investments. However, both, especially initially, would be dilutive to our margins. So with the advent of PGDx having closed in part of the business, mostly impacting, even though it's spread a little bit across both of our segments, mostly into the drug development side, it does have a constrain on their margins. So as we think about margins year-on-year when we talk about that we expect margins to be comparable to a year ago, that's even with a little bit of pressure on the margin from the PGDx acquisition. Within Diagnostics, again, our margins -- most of the acquisitions tend to be a mix positive to us. The large hospital systems, especially when you're doing the in-hospital lab work, tends to put some pressure on the margins. So similarly, we would comment that for the year overall, Diagnostics margins would be relatively flat kind of from that base organic. But ultimately, once Ascension is closed and then goes into the results in Drug Development, you will see some pressure on the margins. So the way that we look at margins overall for the company is that this year, year-on-year from our Base Business margins, call it, organically would be, call it, flattish. They will be down a little bit because of the dilutive impact on the margins from PGDx and Ascension. But all the other acquisitions that we've announced and that are in the pipeline would be more of the traditional kind of tuck-ins even though there's still hospital systems that we have in there. But overall, with the outreach being a component of that, we expect it to not be a big impact on the return on our revenues. We have commented though that with the impact on EPS, really only PGDx was one that we acquired that we felt would be dilutive to earnings this year. Having said that, the other acquisitions that we were doing, Ascension as well as the others, would be offsetting that. So from an EPS standpoint, relatively neutral. From a margin standpoint, a little bit dilutive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rachel Vatnsdal with JPMorgan.
Rachel Vatnsdal: So digging deeper into that earlier margin question, when Covance was last public and would split margins out, it looks like clinical and central lab combined for roughly 23% EBIT margins. So should we assume that central lab is materially higher and that clinical will also be around there given the expansion since then and the Envigo acquisition? And then also on the same side of that, should we also think about how early stage margin has expanded from that 12.5% EBIT margin level in 2014?
Glenn Eisenberg: Again, when -- obviously, the acquisition of Covance was a long time ago and since then, a lot of changes from acquisitions to the growth of the businesses, Again, the reason we haven't broken out the individual components of it is the way we operate the business. It's integrated and a lot of shared resources and allocation of costs so that ultimately, when we carve out, if you will, the clinical development part of the business and make it a stand-alone business, we'll be able to give you exactly the profitability, the margins that will be there, and we'll actually do it going back for a 3-year period with audited financials. So I think what we're trying to say is directionally, you've heard us say that the clinical side of the business, while very profitable, is impacted by the impact of pass-through revenues, which, again, when we acquired Covance, we were under 605 accounting where over 20% of the revenues today, they would not have had in their margins. So obviously, that would constrain the margin. But again, very profitable, margins that continue to grow, and we'll be in a much better position once we do the carve-out financials and have it as a standalone business with the corresponding costs specifically related to that business. We'll provide it. But again, it's at an attractive level.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Larew with William Blair.
Matthew Larew: Just a quick 2-parter on the spin. Maybe first, just following up to Rachel's question, given the close is targeted for second half '23, when do you think you might start to be able to untangle the web and disclose more in terms of the margin profile in that business? That's part one. The second part is, given market conditions and your strong balance sheet, the next year seems it might be an active M&A environment. Obviously, you've been active in the past year as well. Anything about your process to prepare for and spin the asset that would constrain capital deployment activity on either side of the business?
Glenn Eisenberg: So I'll go ahead and start, Matt. So again, the timing to effectuate the spin, we're calling -- call it, look, the second half of next year and a lot of processes that you go through in spinning a company from -- obviously, we're going to make sure that it's a tax-free exchange. We're working with the IRS to again, doing the audited financials plus you're effectively standing up a company that has been part and integrated into an overall organization. I think what we've said at this point was we're announcing our intent to spin it strategically and that we will, over the course of effectuating the spin, continue to communicate and provide you with additional information as we have it that's really more relevant at the times. Once those decisions are made, once the accounting and the standup of the margins, I think, directionally, we've given you a good sense of where it is. The positive, frankly, from the company standpoint, especially as it relates to the balance sheet, we have a very strong balance sheet, a commitment to continue as Labcorp, investment grade with the same targeted leverage ratios that we've had before. We are below those targeted ranges right now. Obviously, we've been increasing the amount of our share repurchase program, and we've been increasing the amount of M&A that we've seen. So we purposely have kept a very strong balance sheet to continue to be able to pursue all of our capital allocation initiatives, including the initiation of a dividend. If you were to pro forma the company, even as if we didn't have the clinical business, we would still be within the, call it, the targeted range of our leverage right now. So it really speaks to the fact that we don't believe there will be a constraint on our ability to continue to pursue acquisitions for the -- for both companies as they're both part of Labcorp today. But when we stand up the spin company, while we haven't commented specifically on its capital structure other than to say both businesses will be well capitalized such that they'll be in very good positions to continue to pursue growth strategies, both through organic or internal investments as well as through acquisition opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: I apologize for earlier. First question, the -- I noticed a couple of things were larger this quarter. The unallocated cost or the corporate cost line was much higher than normal. Can you talk through that? And also the CapEx number grew quite substantially this quarter. Can you just talk through what drove both of those?
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure, Kevin. First, on the unallocated corporate, which was up $29 million, if you will, year-on-year. We talked about there were 2 changes in kind of the methodology of how we're treating corporate unallocated on our prior call. So the first is that for Drug Development, part of its bonus that is tied to enterprise results is reflected in corporate unallocated or said differently, all of the incentive compensation for Drug Development that's tied to the Drug Development business is resident in the Drug Development segment. So that way, as you look at our Drug Development business relative to the peers, it's all related to that business. So that's part of the increase. And until that annualizes, you'll see an increase year-over-year. And again, the reason why it's a big number is, again, the strong performance that we're seeing within the enterprise, driven in part by higher-than-expected COVID testing. The other methodology change was really including in corporate unallocated our investments in oncology and R&D, specifically, that's not targeted or supporting current revenue streams. So it really had 2 impacts. One, so that it's now centralized, so we kind of manage and look at R&D as an enterprise, but also with the acquisition of PGDx, which has a high component of its cost structure, if you will, more of an R&D business than we've had historically. You also have the year-over-year impact because it was an acquisition. So those numbers wouldn't have been there. If you take those out, you've explained virtually all of the increase year-on-year. And I guess another way of thinking about just modeling going forward is that our unallocated corporate expense relative to, call it, Base Business revenues will be in, call it, 1.5% to 2% kind of range as an ongoing normal kind of environment. Relative to CapEx, we talked to -- it was a higher level of CapEx spend this quarter versus a year ago. We do expect that for the year, our capital spending, we normally talk about around 3.5% of our revenues on base revenues, is still there. So we -- quarter-to-quarter, there's always some timing differences that affect it, but we're currently on pace with our expected capital spend for the year.
Adam Schechter: All right. So I want to thank everybody who joined us today. Labcorp continues to be at the forefront of science, innovation and technology, and we continue to deliver on our strategic priorities. As always, I also want to thank our more than 75,000 employees around the world for their tireless work carrying out our mission to improve health and improve lives. We look forward to talking with all of you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 13:12:11) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Labcorp's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call . Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now hand the conference over to your speaker today, Chas Cook, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Chas Cook: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to Labcorp's first quarter 2022 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, in the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.labcorp.com, we posted both our press release and an Investor Relations presentation with additional information on our businesses and operations, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the estimated 2022 guidance and the related assumptions, the impact of various factors on the company's businesses, operating and financial results, cash flows and/or financial condition, including the COVID-19 pandemic and the general economic and market conditions, our response to the COVID-19 pandemic, future business strategies, expected savings and synergies and opportunities for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements is subject to the change based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control. More information is included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in the company's filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now I'll turn the call over to Adam Schechter.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Chas, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. In the first quarter, we continued to advance our strategy through science, innovation and technology. We delivered a solid first quarter despite Omicron, which had a significant impact across both businesses in January and continue to impact drug development outside the US throughout the quarter. We remain focused on growth opportunities while continuing to take actions to mitigate inflation. In the Base Business, each month of the quarter was progressively better than the previous one. This positions us well for continued success throughout the year. In the quarter, revenue totaled $3.9 billion, adjusted earnings per share reached $6.11 and free cash flow was $239 million. Diagnostics Base Business volume increased 4.4% versus last year as both routine and esoteric testing saw a significant uptick after an initial slowdown in January. In Drug Development, our book-to-bill remains strong at 1.23 on a trailing 12 month basis. Our backlog increased to $15.2 billion, an increase of 8.7% compared to last year. COVID-related vaccine work was lower versus a year ago across the segment, with the largest impact in clinical trial testing solutions, or CTTS, which primarily consists of our central laboratories operations. While we continue to see some impact from Omicron and the conflict in Ukraine throughout the quarter, overall Drug Development recovered nicely in March, giving us confidence in our 2022 performance and guidance. Turning now to COVID-19. Our PCR volume was approximately 70,000 per day for the quarter. Testing rates have since declined and we expect the decline to continue for the remainder of the year. Time to results for COVID PCR tests is currently one day on average. We are maintaining our ability to process 300,000 PCR tests per day, pending supplies and labor, to help the country remain prepared for potential new waves of infections or new variants as a public health emergency persists. I'll now highlight examples of progress on our strategy. In oncology, we are fortifying our leadership position by harnessing the scope and the scale of our comprehensive capabilities. During the quarter, we closed the acquisition of PGDx, and the integration is going smoothly. PGDx's portfolio of liquid biopsy and tissue-based products enhances our leading oncology capabilities and puts us at the forefront of helping to drive better outcomes for people with cancer. We believe that PGDx's kitted solutions will allow Labcorp to expand genomic profiling globally and help our pharmaceutical clients identify more personalized treatments for patients. In addition, we recently announced new collaboration with Xcell Biosciences to advance the development of cell and gene therapy research. This follows our previous investment in company and is designed to help clients more effectively bring innovative cell and gene therapies to market. Next, Labcorp continues to intensify its customer focus and embed data and digitalization throughout the business. In February, we launched our innovative Labcorp on-demand digital health platform. We have a pipeline of tests focused on preventive wellness and health monitoring, women's health and family planning and men's health, and we plan to add to those throughout the year. Separately, we introduced a new risk scoring task this quarter for people with advanced liver fibrosis due to NASH. This test helps provide an assessment of the risk of liver disease progression and allows for earlier intervention that can support better patient outcomes. And we became the first US commercial laboratory to offer quantitative tests for detecting and measuring unintentional gluten consumption, which can help with the management of celiac disease. Labcorp continues to be committed to pursuing short- and long-term high-growth opportunities. During the quarter, we entered into and expanded several strategic relationships with hospitals and health systems. Last month, we announced our strategic relationship with Prisma Health, the largest health system in South Carolina. As a part of the arrangement, Labcorp agreed to acquire select outreach business assets and provide ongoing technical support to their hospital laboratories. This allows us to offer Prisma's patients and providers the benefit of enhanced care across multiple pinnacle areas. We also expanded our relationship with AtlantiCare in New Jersey in the quarter by agreeing to acquire select assets of the organization's clinical outreach business. In addition, we've agreed to purchase the outreach business of St. Dominic Hospital in Jackson, Mississippi. This builds on our 2020 acquisition of the outreach program of Franciscan Missionaries of Our Lady Health System. As I previously reported in February, we entered into a comprehensive laboratory relationship with Ascension, one of the US health care's largest systems. The long-term relationship will include our management of hospital labs in 10 states as well as the purchase of select outreach laboratory business assets, and we continue to make progress on planning efforts for this collaboration. As expected, these transactions are scheduled to close later this year. Our pipeline of acquisition and investment targets remains robust, and that should result in a very active 2022. We're committed to investing in our employees and continuing to operate responsibly so that we can provide the highest quality services to patients and to customers. We recently issued our 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report, which offers insight into the following: our practices and processes to manage our company with integrity; our sustainability journey, including our pursuit of a science-based target to reduce carbon emissions; our commitment to provide employees with an environment in which they can thrive; and our efforts to help address the world's most pressing health care challenges in the communities where we live and work. The report is available through our Investor Relations Web site, and I'd encourage you to read it to better understand Labcorp's progress and commitments in these important areas. In addition, we continue to take other actions designed to enhance shareholder value. This quarter, we are providing additional information about the quarterly revenue contribution of each Drug Development business unit. And earlier this month, Labcorp initiated a quarterly dividend and announced a cash dividend of $0.72 per share of common stock payable in the second quarter of this year. To sum up, our Base Business continued its recovery across Diagnostics and Drug Development progressively in the quarter despite some headwinds. We continue to execute well against our strategic priorities, and our current momentum in the Base Business combined with our recent hospital systems, business development announcements sets us up well for success throughout the year. So with that, Glenn will take you through the details of our first quarter results.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our first quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with an update on our full year guidance. For reference, we've also included additional business information that can be found in our supplemental deck on our Investor Relations Web site. Revenue for the quarter was $3.9 billion, a decrease of 6.3% compared to last year due to lower organic revenue as the negative impact from foreign currency translation was offset by acquisitions. COVID testing revenue was down 43% compared to COVID testing last year, while the Base Business grew 4.5% compared to the Base Business last year. Operating income for the quarter was $688 million or 17.6% of revenue. During the quarter, we had $67 million of amortization and $39 million of restructuring charges and special items. Excluding these items, adjusted operating income in the quarter was $794 million or 20.4% of revenue compared to $1.2 billion or 28.4% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was primarily due to a reduction in COVID testing, higher personnel expense and other inflationary costs, partially offset by organic Base Business growth and LaunchPad savings. The tax rate for the quarter was 23.1%. The adjusted tax rate, excluding restructuring charges, special items and amortization, was 23.4% compared to 24.5% last year. The lower adjusted rate was primarily due to the geographic mix of earnings and stock compensation. We continue to expect the adjusted tax rate for the full year to be comparable with last year at approximately 25%, excluding any impact from potential tax reform. Net earnings for the quarter were $492 million or $5.23 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS, which exclude amortization, restructuring charges and special items, were $6.11 in the quarter compared to $8.79 last year. Operating cash flow was $356 million in the quarter compared to $1.2 billion a year ago. The decrease in operating cash flow was due to lower cash earnings, primarily impacted by COVID testing and higher working capital requirements, which were mostly timing-related. Capital expenditures totaled $117 million compared to $95 million last year. As a result, free cash flow was $239 million in the quarter. We continue to expect to generate between $1.7 billion and $1.9 billion of free cash flow for the full year. During the quarter, we invested $455 million on acquisitions. We were also in the market repurchasing approximately 600,000 shares as part of our $1 billion accelerated share repurchase program, which was completed April 1. At the end of the quarter, we had $1.5 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. Now I'll review our segment performance. Given the enterprise-wide strategic focus on oncology, we are reclassifying our oncology investments in R&D spending. These investments that are not supporting current revenue are being reclassified from our segments to corporate unallocated. This represented $4 million of corporate unallocated expense in the quarter. In our supplemental deck, we have also included additional business information for both segments. For Diagnostics, we provided a breakout of Base Business esoteric versus routine testing revenue as well as payer mix. For Drug Development, we included revenues for its three businesses: early development, or ED; clinical trial testing solutions, or CTTS; and clinical development and commercialization services, or CDCS. In addition, we've provided quarterly book-to-bill, quarterly net orders and pass throughs. I'll begin the segment review with Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $2.5 billion, a decrease of 11% compared to last year due to organic revenue being down 11.5%, partially offset by acquisitions of 0.5%. COVID testing revenue was down 43% compared to COVID testing last year, while the Base Business grew 5.6% compared to the Base Business last year. Relative to the first quarter of 2019, the compound annual growth rate for Base Business revenue was 3.7%, primarily due to organic growth. Total volume decreased 5% compared to last year as organic volume decreased by 5.3%, partially offset by acquisition volume of 0.3%. COVID testing volume was down 38% compared to COVID testing last year, while Base Business volume grew 4.4% compared to the Base Business last year. Compared to the first quarter of 2019, Base Business volume levels were relatively flat as the decline we experienced in January due to Omicron rebounded in February and in March. Price/mix decreased 6% versus last year due to lower COVID testing of 6.3%, partially offset by acquisitions of 0.2% and organic Base Business growth of 0.1%. Base Business price/mix was up 1.2% compared to the Base Business last year, benefiting from an increase in test per session, esoteric testing growing faster than routine testing and acquisitions. Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $683 million or 27.8% of revenue compared to $992 million or 36% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was primarily due to a reduction in COVID testing. COVID testing margins were down compared to last year due to lower testing demand while the company continued to maintain capacity. Base Business margins were down slightly due to higher personnel expenses and other inflationary costs, partially offset by organic growth and LaunchPad savings. Now Ill review the performance of Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $1.5 billion, an increase of 1.5% compared to last year due to organic Base Business growth of 4.3% and acquisitions net of divestitures of 0.1%, partially offset by lower COVID testing of 1.7% and foreign currency translation of 1.2%. Base Business revenue compared to Base Business last year grew 3.3% or 4.5% on a constant currency basis. The growth was led by ED. We also experienced good growth in CDCS, although constrained by Omicron and the conflict in Ukraine. CTTS was relatively flat as traditional Base Business growth was offset by lower COVID-19 vaccine and therapeutic work as well as the conflict in Ukraine. Relative to the first quarter of 2019, the compound annual growth rate for Drug Development, Base Business revenue was 10.7%, primarily driven by organic growth. Adjusted operating income for the segment was $169 million or 11.6% of revenue compared to $234 million or 16.3% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was due to lower COVID testing, reduced COVID vaccine and therapeutic work, the impact from the conflict in Ukraine, higher personnel expense and other inflationary costs, which were partially offset by organic Base Business growth and LaunchPad savings. While margins were down in the quarter, we continue to expect margins to be up for the full year compared to 2021 as the segment benefits from top line growth, targeted price increases and LaunchPad savings. We ended the quarter with backlog of $15.2 billion and we expect approximately $4.9 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Now I'll discuss our updated 2022 full year guidance, which reflects our solid first quarter performance and outlook and assumes foreign exchange rates effective as of March 31, 2022, for the remainder of the year. The enterprise guidance also includes the impact from currently anticipated capital allocation, with free cash flow targeted to acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends. We expect enterprise revenue to decline 1.5% to 5.5% compared to 2021. This is a narrowing of the prior range, with the midpoint growth rate increasing 50 basis points. This guidance range includes the expectation that the Base Business will grow 8% to 10%, while COVID testing is expected to decline 60% to 70%. We expect Diagnostics revenue to decline 11.5% to 15.5% compared to 2021. This is a narrowing of the prior range and an increase at the midpoint by 100 basis points. This guidance range includes the expectation that the Base Business will grow 4% to 6%, while COVID testing is expected to decline 60% to 70%. At the midpoint of our Base Business guidance range, the compound annual growth rate compared to 2019 would be 4.5%, primarily driven by organic growth. We expect Drug Development revenue to grow 6% to 8.5% compared to 2021. This is a reduction at the midpoint of 100 basis points, primarily due to the 70 basis point change in foreign currency translation from the prior guidance. In addition, the guidance change reflects the conflict in Ukraine, which was partially offset by the benefit of the acquisition of PGDx. This guidance range of 6% to 8.5% growth over last year includes the negative impact from foreign currency translation of 110 basis points compared to last year. This guidance range also includes the expectation that the Base Business will grow 6.5% to 9% compared to 2021. We expect to benefit from growth in all three businesses, led by ED and CDCS. At the midpoint of our Base Business guidance range, the compound annual growth rate compared to 2019 would be 11%, primarily driven by organic growth. For adjusted EPS, we are narrowing our guidance range and increasing the midpoint by $0.38 compared to the prior guidance. Our guidance range is now $18.25 to $21. Free cash flow guidance remains unchanged at $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion. For additional comparison purposes, we've also included in the supplemental deck on our Investor Relations Web site a view of our 2022 first quarter results and full year guidance compared to our 2019 results. In summary, the company had another quarter of solid performance. We expect to drive continued profitable growth in our Base Business for the remainder of the year, while COVID testing volumes are expected to decline. We expect to continue to use our free cash flow generation for acquisitions that supplement our organic growth while also returning capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program and our newly initiated dividend. Operator, we will now take questions. Operator?
Operator:  Our first question comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies.
Unidentified Analyst: This is , on for Brian. Thanks for taking the question and nice job on the quarter. So as I look at this, acknowledging some of the specific headwinds and appreciate all the color you gave around the numbers for Covance. When we look at it, can you just give us a little more color on how we think about the progression there throughout the year? And can you remind us on -- large pharma has been a point of focus for you in addition to oncology. Can you remind us of exposure there and how that might impact growth rates beyond '22?
Adam Schechter: So a few things. If you look at the business in general for our Drug Development, we had a good quarter despite some of the headwinds that we knew were occurring. So back in February, you may recall, we discussed that we expected the first quarter to be the toughest because we already have seen some impact from Omicron, and we saw it in both our Drug Development and our Diagnostics business. But the good news is that each month of the quarter got progressively better for both of the businesses. And the interesting thing is if you look at the impact, it impacted parts of our business differently. So for example, our CTTS or our central laboratory business was the most impacted by Omicron, and we saw it there first. And then for Drug Development, we saw -- for Diagnostics, we saw the impact, obviously, in the United States where our business is and that went away very quickly. After January, we saw the Base Business and Diagnostics bounce back very fast. Drug Development, CTTS, was a little bit different because it's a global business, and we saw continued impact from Omicron in parts of Europe. And then as we got to the end of the quarter, we saw some due to Ukraine. As we look at the rest of the year, we're confident because as we looked at March, we saw strength versus January. We saw strength in March versus February and we're on a good run rate now. We believe that there'll be some continued impact from Ukraine in particular in the second quarter. So the second quarter will be a little bit more difficult in the third and fourth quarter, but we expect to continue to see progress as we go through the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan: So I have a couple of questions on the Drug Development business. The first is on margins. So understand some of the pressures you talked about at the start of the year. But when I look at some of the peer reports so far this earnings season, it does look like your Drug Development margin pressure was more pronounced than others have reported. So was curious to get your thought as to what might have been unique to the Labcorp business that drove kind of more pressure than others.
Adam Schechter: As I mentioned this before, we saw some of that pressure starting in the beginning of the year. When we were here in February, we mentioned that. But we have a very large CTTS business, central laboratory business, larger than most others. And we saw the largest impact from Omicron in that business. And I'll give you two examples. One is, if you look at our CTTS, central laboratory business, you saw that the growth rate for that business now that we're providing by segment growth rates, was less than the other segments. That's because we had such a strong first quarter of last year. We were prepared with Omicron to do as much central laboratory work as we did in the first quarter of last year this year, because we saw the impact of Omicron in December and January, and we kept as many people as we could prepared in case the boosters caused a huge amount of volume. It did not cause a huge amount of volume as the boosters came out this year. In fact, it was a lot less than what we saw with the initial vaccines in the beginning of last year. And then the second thing is we have a early development business, ED business, and we saw some impact on inflation in that business, particularly as you think about utilities and research and product costs. We're going to offset that with price reduction -- or price increases but also by cost reductions. And as I said at the beginning of the year, the inflationary pressures hit you all at once and it takes you time to LaunchPad to get the cost out. We saw improvements across all the businesses as we went through the quarter, month-over-month. So therefore, we are confident that we're on a good run rate as we're going through the rest of the year.
Jack Meehan: Sticking with Drug Development. Can you talk about what impacts the lockdowns in China may be having on the business? Just how are you managing your labs in the region? And has it impacted your access to large molecules -- or large models at all?
Adam Schechter: If you look at our business in China, first of all, I want to let all of our employees know that we're thinking of them. We're here to support them and doing everything we can to help them. In fact, we have some employees that are basically living in the laboratories right now so that they can continue to keep the work going while the lockdowns are occurring. We have not seen a significant impact on our business due to the lockdowns at the moment but we're going to continue to monitor that very closely. It has not inhibited our ability to do the studies that we need to do at this point in time, Jack.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser: So a couple of questions here. First on  and just kind of like thinking, you talked about kind of like these headwinds in the quarter, sort of COVID, Ukraine and then inflation. Can you just maybe either quantify each of these areas of headwinds? I think that's going to be really helpful for us as we think about it for the rest of the year. And then on the lab side, I think in the supplemental packet, you compare lab volumes to 2019 baseline, which is very helpful. Can you just give us a little bit more color on the core volume performance versus 2019 by market? I think  is down 50 basis points on volume 1Q '22 versus 1Q '19. If you can talk about what you're seeing versus baseline by market or on an organic basis as well.
Adam Schechter: I'll start with the lab volumes, and then I'll ask Glenn to jump in with regard to some of the quantifications that you asked for. So with regard to Diagnostics, you saw revenue for the quarter was strong. It was about $2.5 billion. The Base Business revenue grew about 5.6% versus last year and then in a compounded rate versus 2019, it grew 3.9%. And if you look at our Base Business volume, it's up about 4.4% versus last year. But I think what's important is if you look at the volume versus 2019, you saw we were about flat. And as you may recall, Ricky, in February, we said that what we saw in January for our Base Business versus 2019 was down 8%. So that tells you the strength that we had in February and March in the Base Business and how we saw it come back so strong, which gives us the confidence. We really didn't see a difference between esoteric -- our non-esoteric business. We didn't see a big geographic change. I mean there are certain breakouts that were happening with Omicron in the northeast of the country for a period of time and then it might have moved to the Southeast. But nothing that I think is important for you know to note. I'd say overall, across esoteric, non-esoteric, across the regions, we've seen a very strong bounce back in our Base Business in February and March. And you see that by the fact that we were flat for the quarter versus 2019 when January was down 8% versus January 2019.
Glenn Eisenberg: I guess just to follow up a little bit on that, too. So the 8% decline that we saw in January was not compounded. So it was the total decline. But as Adam said, the progression in February and March got us on a compound annual growth rate to be just down to 0.5%, so relatively flat with the expectation as we continue to go through the year. That obviously will become a positive number as we continue to experience the recovery there on a volume basis. So pleased with what we're seeing there. On the Drug Development side, quantifying, call it, the vaccine and the impact of Ukraine were probably the two more meaningful ones that impacted us for the quarter. From a vaccine standpoint, probably around $30 million of headwind from that. And Ukraine probably closer to rounding to around $10 million. So when we think that both of those primarily impacted the CTTS business, obviously affected others as well. But while we were, call it, flat in revenue on a constant currency basis in that business, if you backed out the vaccine related and the Ukraine, we'd be 7% to 8%, call it, organic constant currency growth rate, which would be more in line with what we would have expected the business to do.
Ricky Goldwasser: And can you just remind us, wwhen we think about the margin, it's kind of like a preclinical central lab versus clinical.
Glenn Eisenberg: So we don't break out the margins for the businesses. As you saw in the additional material that we provided, we went out and looked, obviously, at our peers and what's provided and just looking at what additional information. And we felt the revenue breakout by business was important and beneficial because you get to see the magnitude that it is for each of the pieces as well as now tracking the growth profile. From a margin standpoint, our belief, and obviously, our peers that do similarly, look at it on a segment basis because there's so much that are shared assets between the businesses that we feel that providing it as a trend, if you will, on the segment is a more meaningful number. And then as you look at the growth rates of the different pieces, you can kind of get a sense of how we're leveraging overall in the businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Coldwell with Baird.
Eric Coldwell: I feel like we're falling a bit short on the disclosures on why the lab -- or the CRO margin is as poor as it is this quarter. I'm hoping we can get into some details on that. I guess the first question, you talked about early development having some inflation costs, and it sounded like maybe some research model supply access pricing issues. Are you at a -- suffering from being at a disadvantage for not having your own animal model business? Is that one of the bigger issues in early development that you don't have the same supply that perhaps some of your larger peers have?
Glenn Eisenberg: And obviously, the 11.6% margin, obviously, it's down from where we've been. So when you look at the pieces of it, so the research product is a meaningful part of it. So we're incurring much higher cost for that. And so as Adam commented earlier, from a timing standpoint, we now have to go through change orders. But effectively, we believe that we can pass on those higher costs to the customers and a lot of contracts that's explicit with the research products to do that. So one of the reasons why we're constrained in the quarter was that higher expense without being able to transfer over. We also talked about utility costs. So just general inflationary, but wouldn't diminish as well just the impact from the Ukraine, from the vaccine. And also the first quarter historically has been a lighter quarter relative to how we end the year. And then each quarter, we pick up. So as we commented that first of all, our expectation for the full year continues to be that we'll see margins higher than the prior year. Our expectation, frankly, is that margin should be higher year-on-year beginning in the second quarter and going forward. And what gives us the confidence, and Adam alluded to this earlier, is that when you look at the run rate that we ended in March, even though we still have some of those headwinds passing on some of those costs, we're, frankly, at a margin level that gives us high degree of confidence even for the next quarter, but let alone for the full year that you'll start to see margins back to -- comparable to the prior year would hopefully up a little bit from each of the quarters as we go forward.
Eric Coldwell: And if I could just stay on the same vein and one follow-up, same topic, it's related to central lab. Obviously, shipping, freight transports gone up. I'm not sure to what extent you've been able to pass on those costs, but we also heard this morning from  that in their lab operations, they did have some supply component issues, more particularly around complex oncology components in central lab kits. I suspect you've faced a similar experience, but I was hoping you could give some color on that experience, what you're seeing. If it had an impact, how long you might expect that to continue if so?
Adam Schechter: So if you look at the supply, there were issues in supply chain, I'd say, for the last six months or so, but we were able to find other ways to meet the demand in those kits, but it didn't mean at times there were higher impact to margins because, for example, if it's not a typical kit, you have to do some additional work to get it approved and sometimes you have to do those manually. So we were doing a lot more kits manually than we typically would, particularly if you have to put a replacement piece in there. But the good news is we were able to keep up with the demand from our pharma customers. We're able to meet their needs, which was important to us. But there certainly was some short-term impact as we're doing a lot more kits manually than we historically would do. And when you do more kits manually, then you put in more quality assurance where you check more of the kits to ensure if they're going out appropriately. So there is some expense that's incurred with that, but it didn't impact our customers. And what I would say, Eric, the most important thing to me is that we saw the progression in the margin month-by-month. We don't provide monthly margins, but we look at it very closely. So it's that, that gives me the confidence that we're on the right track and that we're able to meet the commitments that we've set forth.
Glenn Eisenberg: And Eric, just one last thing on just the supply issue. What we've seen is because we run -- primarily have on a just-in-time inventory level within our CTTS, our central lab business. And obviously, when we started to see the global supply chain issues, it had an impact on us. We've now built up those level of inventories now for three to six months given the -- still the uncertainties of what's going on globally. So we'll carry that higher inventory to obviously make sure we can be focused on meeting the customers' demand and doing it efficiently.
Adam Schechter: And having our Diagnostic business where a lot of the tubes and the things that you need are very similar, we're able to use supplies across the businesses when appropriate as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rachel Vatnsdal with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Noah on for Rachel. I just wanted to dig in a little bit more into the backlogs. And could you maybe provide any additional color on your current customer base and as well as your backlog and sort of the composure by end market for like pre-revenue biotech versus pharma companies? And then maybe any additional metrics that you can think of, of how we should think about that percent trending throughout the year and going forward?
Adam Schechter: First of all, I'd say that the RFPs that are coming through are very strong. And if you look at our cancellation rates, they're very low. So we feel very good about the flow of business and the flow of RFPs and the flow of the trials coming. Our trailing 12-month book-to-bill was strong at 1.23. As you may recall, I say that we need to be at 1.20 or slightly higher and we remain at that number. And then if you look at our backlog, we have $15.2 billion, which was almost a 9% increase versus the prior year. Our net orders were $7.2 billion. If you look across the businesses, the breakdown by customer type is a little bit different. So for example, in early development, we have more biotech and smaller to midsized biotech than we do large pharma. If you look at our CTTS, which is our central lab, or CDCS, which is our clinical business, we tend to have more pharma than we do the small biotechs or the middle-sized biotechs. But I would say across the three businesses, we feel good about the RFPs that we're seeing. We feel good about the backlog that we're seeing. And we're confident that the backlog supports the long-term guidance that we provided.
Unidentified Analyst: And you're seeing that sort of continue 
Adam Schechter: Yes, I expect that to continue, that we'll continue to have a strong book-to-bill that will continue to be above the 1.2 threshold that we anticipate to be. So I feel good about that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Jon, on for Derik. Appreciate the new disclosures, but I wanted to ask what your underlying assumptions are for the full year in your ED, CTTS and CDCS. We know that your early stage and late stage should be going faster than central lab. But yes, wanted to look into your assumptions there. And also in mid-April, FDA issued a warning about the possibility of false results from NIPT. I was wondering what sort of exposure you have there through Sequenom, that'd be great.
Adam Schechter: So I'll start with the NIPT. It's a very small -- very, very, very small amount of revenue. It's a test that we do for screening and it's utilized in the United States, but it's not very large at all. So we'll continue to make sure that we have the test available, that we are making it available to physicians that are looking to use those tests, but it's not -- there's no impact in terms of our overall total business. With regard to the individual segments, we believe the fastest growth segment in revenue is going to be clinical, the CTTS -- or the CDCS business because we're not necessarily the market leader there and we have the ability to grow fastest there. If you look at the slowest growing business of the three, it will be CTTS because we are the market leader there. We have a large market share in that business. So there's not as much room for growth. And then the ED business is somewhere in between because we're number one to two. And then sometimes ED grows a little bit faster than the CDCS, and it goes back and forth.
Operator:  We have a question from Patrick Donnelly with Citi.
Patrick Donnelly: Obviously, a lot covered on the CRO piece. So maybe I'll ask on the lab side. Just on the COVID assumptions, appreciate the transparency on the range there. Can you just talk about the cadence through the year? Are you assuming kind of a bump near the end of the year around flu season? How are you thinking about that kind of as we go out even in the endemic phase in terms of seasonality? I'm just trying to figure out the best way to model that piece.
Adam Schechter: As we said, for the first quarter, we averaged 70,000 tests per day. And by the end of the quarter, that was down significantly than where it was at the beginning of the quarter. And we expect there's going to continue to be a decline through the year. The reason that we give a range, and we've given a range of down 60% to 70% versus last year, is because there's a whole range of possibilities on how you can get to that range. So one of the possibilities is, as you say, there's a uptick in November around the flu season. But at that point in time, if there's not the emergency declaration, the price might be lower. If the emergency declaration continues, but there's not an uptick in November, the price would be at where it is now. So the bottom line is the 60% to 70% range that we've given has a whole bunch of ways that you can stay within there. My assumption is that the emergency declaration will continue through this year. We'll see if that occurs or not and I think volume will continue to decline throughout the year.
Operator: Thank you. And there are no other questions in the queue. I'd like to turn the call back to Adam for closing remarks.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Catherine. So first of all, thank you again for joining us today. I'm really encouraged by our progress and the important work of our more than 75,000 employees around the world. I can tell you they are our greatest asset and we're focused on supporting our employees that are facing additional complexities and difficult situations. We have people in Shanghai, Ukraine, Russia, and we're really making sure that we're thinking about them as they face these complexities. We look forward to speaking with you soon and we appreciate your time today. So thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 13:12:09) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Labcorp's Q4 2021 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation therell be a question-and-answer session.  As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Chas Cook, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Chas Cook: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to Labcorps Fourth Quarter 2021 Conference Call. As detailed in todays press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com, we posted both our press release and an Investor Relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the GAAP financial measures discussed during todays call. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the estimated 2022 guidance as well as the longer-term outlook and the related assumptions of each, the impact of various factors on the company's business, operating and financial results, cash flows and/or financial condition, including the COVID-19 pandemic and general economic and market conditions, our responses to the COVID-19 pandemic, future business strategies, expected savings and synergies and opportunities for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements are subject to change based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control. More information is included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in the company's other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now I'll turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Chas. Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you today. Labcorp is carrying on our mission to improve health and improve lives by harnessing the power of science, technology and innovation. In doing so, we're able to execute against our strategy, to deliver strong results for stakeholders and to effectively respond to global challenges like the pandemic. Our company rounded out an historic 2021 with another strong quarter that sets the stage for further success in 2022 and beyond. In the fourth quarter, revenue totaled $4.1 billion, adjusted earnings per share reached $6.77, and free cash flow was $548 million. For the full year, revenue was $16.1 billion, adjusted EPS totaled $28.52, and free cash flow reached $2.6 billion. Our Base Business continued its progress during the quarter, with Diagnostics and Drug Development revenue growing 8.8% and 8.2%, respectively. In Diagnostics, Base Business organic volume increased as esoteric and routine procedures continued their year-over-year growth. Drug Development ended the year with a solid trailing 12-month net book-to-bill of 1.25 and a strong backlog of $15 billion, representing a $579 million increase in the third quarter. Also decentralized clinical trial awards were up 62% over the prior year. Moving to the pandemic. Our ongoing response remains an example of how innovation can drive success. For nearly two years, Labcorp has dedicated significant resources to stemming the spread of the virus. We are proud of the progress we've made thus far, though the rise of variants like Omicron and surges and infection rates make it clear that our work is not over. We continue to leverage Labcorp's comprehensive capabilities to expand testing access, to identify and monitor new variants and to advance vaccine and therapy development. In the fourth quarter, COVID testing volumes were greater than anticipated. We have performed over 74 million tests for COVID to-date, of which approximately 8.6 million were the fourth quarter. This heightened demand continued into the New Year, although volume is significantly less now than in December or in January. Time to results for COVID PCR test remained one to two days on average even during the latest surge. As we've done throughout the pandemic, we are keeping capacity levels high to quickly respond to spikes and testing needs. We are continuing to invest in equipment, elevated staffing levels and our supply chain. In addition, we remain prepared and staffed to support additional drug development work for vaccines, including boosters, or additional therapies. The company's COVID-related innovations in the quarter included the rollout of observed self-collection for COVID PCR testing at over 1,000 patient service centers. And at the start of the fourth quarter, we announced the receipt of FDA Emergency Use Authorization for a combined COVID and flu at-home collection kit. These offerings are reflective of our work to make COVID testing faster, easier and more accessible. I'll now turn to our enterprise strategy, where we made significant progress in 2021. I'll provide a few highlights that will give you a sense of our growth and our forward momentum. In oncology, we made significant strides in fortifying our position as a leader by expanding diagnostic offerings and clinical trial opportunities. At the same time, we followed through on our commitment to improve cancer care access. Last year, we formed our Oncology business unit, and we introduced our Enterprise Oncology offering. Genomic profiling of tumors is key to identifying the best targeted therapy for oncology patients. In December, we announced our agreement to acquire Personal Genome Diagnostics, or PGDx. The company has a strong portfolio of innovative liquid biopsy and tissue-based products, which complement our existing capabilities. Through PGDx-kitted solutions, we can provide oncologists access to tumor profiling at the hospitals where the patients are treated or centralized to one of our laboratories. These solutions may also enable us to expand tumor profiling globally to help our pharmaceutical sponsors find the right novel treatment for patients. We expect the transaction to close in the first quarter of this year. Other exciting expansions of our oncology test menu included clonoSEQ, the first and only FDA-cleared test for monitoring residual blood cancer; and OmniSeq INSIGHT, a pan-cancer tissue-based sequencing test for people with late-stage solid tumors. All of these offerings can help physicians make more informed decisions about treatments for their patients and help bring new medicines to market for cancer. In 2021, we intensified our customer focus and embedded technology and data throughout our business. This included improvements to the patient experience in our service centers. These upgrades focused on creating a seamless journey from appointment scheduling to service center visits to easier access to results. Our acquisition of Ovia Health enhanced our position as an important source of information for women's health, which we support through diagnostics, genetic and specialty testing expertise as well as clinical trials. We will continue to identify opportunities to enhance Ovia Health's innovative platform that provides family planning, pregnancy and parenting support. Additionally, we began to deploy Labcorp Diagnostics Assistant. This new tool delivers a detailed view of a patient's lab history along with clinical insights directly to the point of care to inform diagnostic decisions. We opened an automated kit production line in Belgium in the spring. And in the fourth quarter, we opened an integrated laboratory in Singapore, which strengthens our bioanalytical services in the Asia Pacific region. And just this month, we announced the launch of Labcorp OnDemand, which builds on the success of Pixel by LabCorp. This suite of health tests and services offers easy and convenient access to a wide variety of trusted tests. It's another way that Labcorp is meeting people where they are and offering more options for people to stay healthy. We pursued numerous opportunities throughout the year that have long-term and high-growth potential. We did tuck-in deals and strategic acquisitions, including OmniSeq, Ovia Health, PGDx and Myriad Autoimmunes Vectra Test, which analyzes biomarkers to measure rheumatoid arthritis. Yesterday, we announced a comprehensive strategic agreement with Ascension, one of the largest health systems in the United States. Through our new long-term relationship with Ascension, we will manage its hospital-based laboratories in 10 states, and we will purchase select assets of its outreach laboratory business for approximately $400 million. We expect the first year annualized revenues to be between $550 million and $600 million from the combined hospital business and lab asset acquisition. While operating margins are expected to be less than segment margins initially, they are expected to improve each year. The transaction is expected to be accretive to our earnings and cash flow in year one and should return its cost of capital by year two. This is a notable opportunity for us and one of the most significant deals of its kind in the sector. It expands our clinical services in several states across the country, and it builds on our strong track record of building similar relationships. The deal with Ascension also underscores our ability to help health systems manage industry-wide shifts. As part of the collaboration, we will explore clinical trial and oncology opportunities that enhance patient access. We look forward to this new partnership and ultimately to welcoming new colleagues to Labcorp. We also reached agreements with other hospitals and hospital systems, including Minnesota-based North Memorial Health. We continue to be excited about our robust M&A pipeline and expect more activity in the coming months. In 2021, we provided the highest-quality service to customers and patients, and we made meaningful investments in our people. In fact, Labcorp has consistently been recognized for the impact of our work and for the value we place on our employees. We were recently named again the Fortune Magazine's list of World's Most Admired Companies. And for the fifth consecutive year, the Human Rights Campaign Foundation designated Labcorp as the best place to work for LGBTQ+ Equality. We were also named one of America's Most Responsible Companies for 2022 by Newsweek. Importantly, in 2021, management and the Board of Directors worked with outside advisors, thoroughly reviewed our structure and capital allocation. As part of the comprehensive review of our structure, we had extensive discussions with third parties, and the Board considered a wide range of options, including significant acquisitions, divestitures, spinning off businesses as well as spinning and merging those businesses with strategic partners. The Board unanimously concluded that the company's existing structure is in the best interest of all stakeholders at this time. That said, we continue to believe that Labcorp shares are not fully valued in the marketplace. To that end, we announced several actions designed to further enhance shareholder value. Among them are the initiation of a dividend starting in the second quarter of 2022 as well as a $2.5 billion share repurchase program, $1 billion of which is being repurchased on an accelerated basis. We are also implementing a new LaunchPad business process improvement initiative that targets $350 million in savings over the next three years. And today, in addition to giving 2022 guidance, we will also share a longer-term outlook. And beginning with first quarter results, we will provide additional business insights through enhanced disclosures. Moving forward, we are committed to profitable growth through investments in science, innovation and new technology. As we execute on our strategy, management and Board will continue to evaluate all avenues for enhancing shareholder value. In conclusion, our strong Base Business performance, coupled with formidable progress against our strategic priorities in 2021, sets us up for long-term success. This gives us great confidence in our longer-term growth-oriented bright outlook, which Glenn will take you through, along with our 2022 guidance. I am proud of what the team at Labcorp accomplished together in 2021, and I am excited for all that to come this year and into the future as we continue to deliver for all of our stakeholders. Now I'll turn it over to Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our fourth quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment, our 2022 full year guidance and then conclude with our longer-term outlook through 2024. Revenue for the quarter was $4.1 billion, a decrease of 9.7% compared to last year, due to declines in organic revenue of 10.3% and divestitures of 0.1%, partially offset by acquisitions of 0.6% and favorable foreign currency translation of 10 basis points. The 10.3% decline in organic revenue was driven by a 15.3% decrease in COVID testing, partially offset by a 5% increase in the company's organic base business. Operating income for the quarter was $731 million, or 18% of revenue. During the quarter, we had $93 million of amortization and $79 million of restructuring charges and special items. Excluding these items, adjusted operating income in the quarter was $902 million or 22.2% of revenue compared to $1.4 billion or 31.8% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was due to a reduction in COVID testing. Excluding COVID testing, the Base Business compared to the Base Business last year experienced higher adjusted operating income and margins due to organic growth and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel costs. The tax rate for the quarter was 19.3%. The adjusted tax rate, excluding restructuring charges, special items and amortization, was 24.6% compared to 24.8% last year. Going forward, we continue to expect the adjusted tax rate to be approximately 25%, excluding any impact from potential tax reform. Net earnings for the quarter were $553 million or $5.75 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS, which exclude amortization, restructuring charges and special items, were $6.77 in the quarter, down from $10.56 last year. Operating cash flow was $698 million in the quarter compared to $775 million a year ago. The decrease in operating cash flow was due to lower cash earnings, partially offset by favorable working capital. Capital expenditures totaled $150 million compared to $99 million last year. And as a result, free cash flow was $548 million in the quarter compared to $675 million last year. During the quarter, we used $1 billion of our cash flow for our accelerated share repurchase program and invested $171 million on acquisitions. Now I'll review our segment performance, beginning with Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $2.6 billion, a decrease of 16.9% compared to last year due to organic revenue being down 17.8%, partially offset by acquisitions of 0.7% and favorable foreign currency translation of 20 basis points. The decrease in organic revenue was due to a 21.8% reduction from COVID testing, partially offset by a 4.1% increase in the Base Business. Relative to the fourth quarter of 2019, the compound annual growth rate for the Base Business revenue was 5%, primarily due to organic growth. Total volume decreased 8.7% compared to last year as organic volume decreased by 8.9%, partially offset by acquisition volume of 0.3%. The decrease in organic volume was due to a 14.6% decline in COVID testing, partially offset by a 5.7% increase in the Base Business. Price/mix decreased 8.2% versus last year due to lower COVID testing of 7.2% and lower Base Business of 1.6%, partially offset by acquisitions of 0.5% and currency of 0.2%. Diagnostics organic base business revenue growth was 7.2% compared to its Base Business last year, with 8.1% coming from volume, partially offset by a 1% decline from price/mix. The price/mix decline was primarily due to the recovery of our Canadian business, which carries a lower average requisition price. Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $776 million or 29.6% of revenue compared to $1.2 billion or 39.1% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was due to a reduction in COVID testing. COVID testing margins were down compared to last year, primarily due to a volume decline of approximately 50% while the company continued to maintain capacity. Base Business margins were higher compared to last year due to organic Base Business growth and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel costs. Diagnostics achieved its goal to deliver approximately $200 million of net savings from its three-year LaunchPad initiative. Now I'll review the performance of Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $1.5 billion, an increase of 3.9% compared to last year due to organic base business growth of 7.9% and acquisitions of 0.3%, partially offset by lower COVID testing performed through its centralized business of 4% and divestitures of 0.3%. Relative to the fourth quarter of 2019, the compound annual growth rate for Base Business revenue was 9.9%, primarily driven by organic growth. Adjusted operating income for the segment was $206 million, or 14.2% of revenue compared to $248 million, or 17.8% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was primarily due to lower COVID testing. In the Base Business, higher personnel and other inflationary costs as well as investments in oncology capabilities were partially offset by organic growth and LaunchPad savings. We continue to exclude the enterprise component of Drug Development bonus expense, which is reflected in corporate unallocated and totaled $11 million for the quarter. While margins were down in the quarter, they were up for the full year compared to 2020, and we expect margins to continue to increase in 2022. For the trailing 12 months, net orders and net book-to-bill remained strong at $7.3 billion and 1.25, respectively. Backlog at the end of the quarter was $15 billion, an increase of 8.7% compared to last year. And we expect approximately $5 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Now I'll discuss our 2022 guidance, which assumes foreign exchange rates effective as of December 31, 2021, for the full year. In addition, the guidance includes the softness we experienced in January due to Omicron, which we expect will rebound through the rest of the quarter. The enterprise guidance also includes the impact from currently anticipated capital allocation, with free cash flow targeted to acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends, which we will initiate in the second quarter. We expect enterprise revenue to decline 1.5% to 6.5% compared to 2021. This guidance range includes the expectation that the Base Business will grow 7.5% to 10%, while COVID testing is expected to decline 60% to 75%. We expect Diagnostics revenue to decline 11.5% to 17.5% compared to 2021. This guidance range includes the expectation that the Base Business will grow 3.5% to 6%. COVID testing revenue is expected to decline 60% to 75%. At the midpoint of our Base Business guidance range, the compound annual growth rate compared to 2019 would be 4.4%, primarily driven by organic growth in both volume and price mix. We expect Drug Development revenue to grow 7% to 9.5% compared to 2021. This guidance includes the negative impact from foreign currency translation of 40 basis points. This guidance range also includes the expectation that the Base Business will grow 7.5% to 10% compared to 2021. Given the amount of capacity we have within Diagnostics, we've assumed that no COVID testing will be performed in Drug Development central lab business in 2022. We expect to benefit from broad-based growth in all three businesses, helping drive continued margin improvement in the segment. At the midpoint of our Base Business guidance range, the compound annual growth rate compared to 2019 would be 11.3%. Our adjusted EPS guidance is $17.25 to $21.25 compared to 2021 adjusted EPS of $28.52. The adjusted EPS guidance reflects the expectation of lower COVID testing in 2022, while the Base Business continues to profitably grow. Free cash flow is expected to be between $1.7 billion and $1.9 billion compared to $2.6 billion in 2021. Now I'll discuss our longer-term outlook, which reflects our current view of the business from 2022 to 2024. We expect enterprise Base Business organic revenue to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 4% to 7% compared to 2021. We also expect revenue growth from acquisitions to represent additional annual growth of 2% to 3%. We expect Diagnostics Base Business organic revenue to grow at a 2.5% to 4.5% CAGR compared to 2021. This outlook is higher than historical growth driven by a continued recovery in our Base Business relative to 2021, broad-based growth, including hospitals and health systems, and the lower incremental impact of PAMA in the outlook period. We expect Drug Development Base Business organic revenue to grow at a 7% to 10% CAGR compared to 2021. This outlook is higher than our historical growth, and we have added capacity and inorganic investments in the last few years in our faster-growing early development and late-stage clinical businesses. As we continue to emphasize profitable growth, we expect enterprise margin expansion of 30 to 50 basis points on average annually through the outlook period compared to 2021, which was approximately 14.5%. This margin expansion is due in part to the company's LaunchPad initiative, which is expected to deliver $350 million of cost savings over the time period to help offset inflationary costs. And finally, we expect adjusted EPS to grow at an 11% to 14% CAGR compared to 2020 - 2019 adjusted EPS of $11.32. We continue to use 2019 as the base year comparison for earnings growth to better reflect the earnings power of the company, excluding COVID testing. The adjusted EPS outlook reflects the expectation that both base businesses will continue to profitably grow organically. In addition, we expect to benefit from capital allocation directed towards accretive acquisitions and share repurchases while keeping within our targeted gross debt leverage of 2.5 to 3 times. For additional comparison purposes, we've also included in the supplemental deck on our Investor Relations website a view of 2021 fourth quarter and full year results, 2022 guidance and our longer-term outlook. In summary, the company had another quarter of strong performance. We remain focused on performing a critical role in response to the global pandemic while also growing our Base Business. For 2022, we expect to drive continued profitable growth in our Base Business, while COVID testing volumes are expected to decline through the year. In addition, our longer-term outlook is expected to deliver double-digit adjusted EPS growth driven by top line growth, margin improvement and capital allocation. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator:  Our first question comes from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Wanted to start and ask about the long-term outlook. So in the 11% to 14% adjusted EPS CAGR versus 2019, can you talk about what your assumption is related to diagnostics pricing and maybe the return of PAMA in 2023? And also just what you're assuming in terms of any ongoing COVID benefit beyond 2022?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Good morning, Jack. Yes, a couple of things. So first of all, if you look at diagnostics pricing, I'll start with PAMA. There is obviously no impact of PAMA this year. Working through ACLA, which is the trade organization, we're going to continue to fight for a more rational way to think about PAMA in the future. But for our base case, we're assuming that in 2023, there'd be about $100 million impact. And in 2024, it'd be about half of that. So that's kind of what we're thinking for PAMA. In terms of other pricing, we don't see any acceleration of pricing decline. We're going to try to see if there's any way to increase pricing in certain areas. That's not easy. I don't think I would build a lot into the plan for that. But we're also looking at other things like Labcorp OnDemand, where you might have a different type of pricing as you go directly to consumers and so forth. So in general, I would think about the overall pricing pressure continuing, the PAMA pressure being less as we go into the 2024 time frame, and that the underlying base business is where we'll continue to see strong performance. And hopefully, what you can see is that we have a strong commitment to the Base Business in Diagnostics. If you think about COVID, we don't have much built in, if any, frankly, as you start to get into 2024 and beyond, we'll see how that turns out. But it really is all about the Base Business, it's about our ability to continue to grow in our geographies where we're strong. You heard about our deal today with Ascension. It's about doing more of those types of deals. So we think that the future is very bright for Diagnostics and our ability to grow, but it's not through pricing, and there will continue to be pricing pressure. It's more through geographic expansion, hospital deals and continued growth in the segment itself.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, Jack, the only thing I'd add to the discussion was just that when you look at the guidance that we provided or the outlook for the longer-term, what you see is obviously good top line growth across the businesses, supplemented by obviously acquisitions from capital allocation, but that we do expect to see margin improvement over this period of time and net margin improvement coming from both businesses. So to your point, helping offset some of the inflationary costs as well as PAMA, at least that's in, call it, 2023 and potentially beyond that. And that it's really also then utilizing our balance sheet and our free cash flow. So we expect to be back within our targeted leverage of that 2.5 times to three times over that period of time. So using that cash flow to support acquisitions that, again, will be targeted at least 2% to 3% and then dividends, and then obviously, with the remainder going back to returning capital through our share repurchase program.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then as a follow-up, I wanted to talk about the Ascension deal. Was hoping for just some more color on what brought that together, how long you had been working toward this. And I ask because there's been a lot of focus on some of the challenges in the lab industry as it pertains to labor. I was curious how much that might have weighed into this. And then finally, can you just stack up Ascension versus some of the other things you might be looking at your pipeline at the moment?
Adam Schechter: Yes, so, we've had a very good discussion in partnership with the team at Ascension. It's been really a pleasure to work with them. We've been talking to them for quite some time, frankly. And these are the types of deals that they're long term, strategic in nature. So it takes time. You have to make sure that the cultures are a fit, that the organizations have the same types of culture, and you get to know each other. And that's what these deals tend to take a while before they come to fruition. So we've been talking to our partners there for quite some time now. And what I would say is once we realize the cultural fit, that we could work together well, that there's a focus on patient care and ensuring that the patients get the needs that they - or the services that they need, to ensure that the physicians and the hospitals are able to get the test that they want, to ensure that as new colleagues move over into Labcorp over time that they would have a good experience, that's when we began to get even more and more serious about the partnership and discussions. This is a very large deal. Typically, they're not near as large as this. But again, it's one of many hospital systems that we're talking to, and we continue to feel good about the pipeline.
Operator:  Our next question comes from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
A.J. Rice: Maybe I'll just ask about the COVID assumptions for 2022. Obviously, the range you're giving, I think, equates to about $690 million at the low-end, $1.1 billion at the high-end. Does the high-end assume additional surges, some testing in the fourth quarter around cough, cold and flu? Is the low-end pretty much what you've already almost seen in the first quarter? Just give us some flavor on that. And have you assumed - so how it progresses over the course of the year? And any change in relevant pricing assumptions versus where you're at now with the PAG and all?
Adam Schechter: Sure. Good morning, A.J. So I'll give you some context, and I'll give you a sense of how we think about it. So we did 74 million tests for COVID for date - to date, and about 8.5 million, 8.6 million of those in the fourth quarter. So that gives you about 83,000 tests per day in the fourth quarter. If you look at the end of the fourth quarter last year, you actually saw significantly higher than the average of 83,000. And in the beginning of January, we actually saw more than at the end of December. So we saw a real peak in the first couple of weeks throughout most of January. If we look at where we are right now, we're actually closer to where we were in the average back in December and back in the fourth quarter. So you've already seen a significant decline in COVID testing. The reason we gave you a range of minus 60% to minus 75% is because there's a multitude of ways to be within that range. One could be that there's another variant, and therefore, you have increase in volume. We don't know when that would happen. Last year, I never would have expected anything to happen in the summer. And we saw something in the summer, and we also saw another surge in the wintertime. As we go through this year, we don't know if there'll be another variant and/or another surge. But the other thing that could be is that the price stays where it is and there's not a surge, and you could get to our range through that. If there is a price decrease, if the emergency is not declared again after April, you could see another surge that would offset a price increase if the emergency situation is released. So as I think about it, I think we're going to continue to see a decline in testing. I personally believe that the emergency situation will be hit through this year, which would keep price relatively consistent. There'll always be pressure on the price. But the range of 60% to 75% would be within multiple different things happening. So it's hard to give you an exact number, A.J., because as we did last year, we gave you our best estimate and each quarter, we changed it based on new information, new data we have. We'll continue to break it out separately so we can inform you of what we're seeing and what we think. But that's the best information we have at this time.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. A.J., the only thing
A.J. Rice: Okay.
Glenn Eisenberg: I would add just additionally for your modeling purposes, as you would expect, that we expect the strongest period to be in the first quarter and then obviously going on as the year unfolds. But wide range of outcomes, but the trend clearly to be lower, call it, in the second half than what we would expect in the first half at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser: So when we think about the long-term guidance of 11% to 14% of 2019, what is - how should we think about sort of the right 2022 EPS base line that we should apply? Because based on kind of like your results, right, 2021 grew faster than 11% to 14%. So how should we think about that right baseline EPS base to calculate off? And also, in the long-term guide, what are your underlying assumptions for labor and supply cost inflation?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you, Ricky. And we spent a lot of time obviously trying to give you the best information we could because the baselines are a bit tricky as you think about everything that's happened with COVID. So I'll have Glenn give you some additional specifics there. Labor and supply, there's no doubt that we're getting hit with significant inflation. Labor and supply is not something we take lightly. We're watching it very closely, and we're seeing wage increases and supply increases. That's where we put in place the $350 million LaunchPad initiative to help offset that. The issue that occurs, Ricky, is that you get hit with the labor and supply and the wage issues right away, and then it takes you time to get the cost out. So we've given you our guidance over time, and we've given our averages over time. But for example, I think that the first quarter of this year will be harder than by the time we get to the fourth quarter this year because you get hit with all the wage inflation, and we had some weather and with the Omicron variant and so forth. And it takes us some time to get the cost out, which we're working very hard on. That's why we feel confident to give you the 30 million to 50 million basis point improvement on average per year because we feel confident we can do that. But the timing is going to be a little bit different because you get hit hard with the wage and the supply inflation, and then it takes you time to get the cost out. But we assume there will be continued pressure on wages and supply as we go through the long-term outlook. We don't think it's something that's temporary, and that's where we have to continue to find ways reduce costs where we can. And maybe, Glenn, you can give some Phase 5 discussion.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Hi, Ricky. The reason why, obviously, we chose to do a growth rate off of 2019 was to get to a pre-pandemic level and that we expect that by the end of the, call it, the long-term horizon, COVID will be de minimis into that number. So that was kind of the double-digit growth rate that we would expect at the 11% to 14% CAGR. We did comment because - on revenue, we can go off of a 21% base, because we distinguish between COVID revenue and Base Business revenue. But when we were talking about margins, just to show that we do expect to see margin improvement over the time, we did comment that you would get to roughly around a 14.5% margin in 2021 from the Base Business. And again, the reason why we say that's an estimate is because there's a lot of shared resources that are supporting both the COVID business and the Base Business, but it's a proxy. And if you just took that further down and set as a proxy, that 14.5% on your Base Business margin would get you to roughly, call it, around a $14 a share number from an adjusted EPS from the Base Business. So either you use the base estimate in, call it, 2021 of earnings and growing double-digits or the base of 2019, which is a clean number for our Base Business, you still get to roughly the same trend in that 22% from a base business and beyond. We do expect double-digit growth in each of the periods going forward within that outlook horizon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe one on the Drug Development side. Obviously, with the 7% to 10% guide, you're expecting pretty healthy fundamentals there. Can you just talk about the funding backdrop? And we get a lot of questions out just the biotech environment in general. Obviously, it's been pretty volatile, not too many in terms of the equity capital markets, not too much action. So how are you guys thinking about that? Is what you're seeing in terms of the balance sheets on the biotech and pharma side sufficient to kind of support healthy growth? Obviously, you feel that way. And then secondarily, similar on the Drug Development side, would love just your perspective on China given some of the news this week in terms of the unverified list, any of that activity change, how you think about that region or how you think about the business overall? Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Hi, Patrick. Good morning. So our RFPs continue to be very strong, and we continue to get a significant number of RFPs. Discussions with pharma and biotech clients is that they have strong pipelines, and there's a lot that they still need to do to be funded. If you look at our net orders, I mean, we had $7.3 billion in net orders. And our trailing 12-month book-to-bill is still above 1.2, which is what we look to be, and it was very strong for the quarter itself. You look at our backlog, it's $15 billion, so it's almost 9% increase versus last year. And about $5 billion of that backlog we expect to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. So every indication we have is that the RFPs, the funding remains strong for us to be within the range of growth that we expect to be in the long-term outlook that we gave to you. In terms of China, China remains a very important market for pharma. I believe that they will continue to be an important growth market. So therefore, we have a significant presence there. We're able to perform studies there. We built significant organic in terms of people and capabilities in the country, and I think it was the right thing to do, and it will show that it will continue to be the right thing to do over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Coldwell from Baird. Your line is open.
Eric Coldwell: Thanks very much. A lot of questions on Ascension. I think first, just if you could share with us the total lab revenue of Ascension or the percentage that you're initially taking over here. Any outlook for expansion potential down the road? Number two, could you give us how many hospitals you're actually taking over? Ascension has 142. I think you're getting 10 of 20 states that they're operating in. And then finally, I was curious if you could give us the mix of the hospital lab management versus the outreach revenue that you're assuming in the $550 million to $600 million estimate? Thanks very much.
Adam Schechter: And I'll give you some context, and I'll ask Glenn to jump in with some numbers as well. So first of all, we're excited about this opportunity, and we think that it is a great opportunity for not just the patients that Ascension serves and a long-term relationship that we'll have with them. But we expect the first year annualized revenues to be between $550 million and $600 million from their hospital business and the lab asset acquisition. What I would say is we work with them on what they wanted to do at the time in terms of the size and the scale of the partnership. And we believe there will be opportunities for us to work together in many different ways as we go into the future, not just with hospital work, by the way. And we're going to explore clinical trial work together, oncology opportunities that enhance patient access. So there's lots of opportunities for us as we go into the future. I don't want to speak too much about them and their percent of revenue. So for, I think that's something you would need to ask Ascension. But what we can tell you is that we believe that this long-term partnership is going to be very, very fruitful for both organizations. Glenn, do you want to give a little further context?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, I agree. And Eric, what we did put in the release was that the assets that we're acquiring, the Outreach Labs, would have had year revenue of approximately $150 million and that by putting in the full year annualized revenues, as Adam said, the $550 million to $600 million, that, that $150 million, we're taking on some compression with it but then growth from it as well. Would size up what we got within the outreach business versus the strategic partnership of managing the in-hospital labs being the difference.
Eric Coldwell: Glenn, thank you for that. I should have expanded on my question. I'm trying to squeeze it in under the time limits here. But the - typically, we see repricing volumes on outreach deals - or the repricing is, I think, typically something like 30%. I don't know if that's similar to what you're seeing here. And then I did actually have another question on hospital lab management deals. I know the rev rec can be, at least at your peers, it's probably in the ballpark of half of what they would see on a normal requisition revenue. So I was just curious if you could give us some sense on the pricing dynamics with this deal.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Eric, what I would say is, again, with the revenues that we're picking up, to your point, there is compression. Again, that comes with the outreach labs that we have, and that's reflected and we said approximately $150 million. But it will be compressed and then we'll grow. So it does give you at least an indication of the mix, if you will. From a pricing, again, similarly, we expect to have normal, call it, pricing kind of margins that would come with the outreach. But with the in-hospital labs, to your point, they are at a lower price point. So when you look at the mix impact, and Adam commented in his remarks, that strategic partnership of this size with that much going from the in-hospital lab management, you would expect to see lower than, obviously, segment margins. But the positive is that once we start there the first year and we see that margin compression, we expect to then see that grow and improve through efficiencies and productivity and so forth. So dilutive to margins for sure. Obviously, it's a transaction that we think from a return standpoint is very attractive. Excited about the strategic partnership, excited about the potential additional growth that could occur with that partnership over time. That will continue to drive good returns for the company and margins that will improve over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian Tanquilut: Good morning guys and congrats on the quarter. I guess my question, Glenn, as I think about the long-term guidance again, right, I mean, 2.5% to 4.5% of the base lab, kind of like revenue or growth assumption. How are you thinking about kind of like what the drivers are of that being above? And then maybe like the timing, is that more front-end loaded given some easier comps? And then how do I think about the capabilities that you've added over the last few years as being contributing to that above-average growth? Thanks.
Glenn Eisenberg: So first, to your point, the growth rate is a little bit higher than our historical organic growth within the business. But a lot of that is with the investments that we've made and the growth and the focus of the strategic growth, such as the hospital systems and so forth, where we continue to find opportunities to see additional growth. Those CAGRs, if you will, are based upon 2021, which again would not have been, call it, a fully recovered year. So we get some of the benefits of that growth. The recent acquisitions that we've done that have been already, call it, in the base, so not new acquisitions but ones that have done, not necessarily have been fully annualized. We continue to get some additional growth from that. The fact that our expectation for PAMA that in the outlook period's less impactful than what it had been historically for us continues that. And just the overall efficiencies, LaunchPad that supports the topline growth as well. So we think we're on a good cadence and good momentum to be able to hit those numbers over the planning horizon.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Your line is open.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks. Thanks for taking my call. I just wanted to highlight a little bit that you still say when it comes to the strategic alternatives sort of at this time, and I'm wondering if anything has changed. Obviously, you enter a whole process here, then you did a nice acquisition. You have this big Ascension deal. What would need to change for you to go back and rethink the potential for something more strategic with regards to the strategic alternatives? Is it a willing partner? Is it the market conditions? Can you just sort of take us through what would need to change or what might prompt a revisit of the very strategic alternatives?
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning. When we went through the strategic review, we looked at everything, and we were very thorough. I mean we spent almost a year evaluating all the alternatives, talking to people externally, making sure that we looked at not just structure but capital allocation. And after that entire process, the Board unanimously agreed that at this time, the structure is right. But we also realized and believed that our shares are not still fully valued in the marketplace. And we're doing a lot of things in terms of capital allocation and additional disclosures and long-term guidance, which we think will help with shareholder return. We believe that this should help more fully value the shares in the marketplace. But we also agree as a management and Board that we should always be looking at alternative scenarios and we should always be open if there's other things over time that makes sense. So it's another way of us acknowledging that it's not a one-and-done type of analysis. It's an analysis that you continually do, you continually refresh, you continually look at where you are, how you're performing, how things in the marketplace are evolving. So that's all you're hearing at the moment. We're going to continue to look at our options as anybody would expect you to do.
Kevin Caliendo: Fair enough. And if I could do a really quick follow-up. Just on the cadence for the year. You did say you expect COVID to be higher. Is there any other inputs that could affect what might normally be a regular cadence for the company? Is there any costs associated with Ascension upfront? Any timing issues that we should be thinking about as we model out the year?
Adam Schechter: The only thing I would say, Kevin, as I mentioned, in January, you had a lot of weather. You had a lot of Omicron where even some of our employees weren't able to get in to open up service centers. And with Drug Development, we had - you have to charge for people when they work, but if people aren't working because they're ill - we faced issues that you saw in almost every business in the United States. So, first quarter is going to be probably one of the tougher quarters versus the other quarters in the year. But all that's been taken into full evaluation. And as we provided our guidance for 2022 and longer-term, we've looked at all of that. So other than that, I think things look strong, and we continue to be optimistic about the guidance and where we are.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Pito Chickering: Thanks for taking my question. My question here is on the long-term outlook of 30 to 50 basis points of margin expansion. Did I understand that you're modeling 2023 EBIT margins in Diagnostics increasing in 2023 despite the $100 million of PAMA impact? And I think you did talk about a lot of pressures here on labor and supply costs. Can you give us some more details on how LaunchPad can offset those impacted? It seems like there's a lot of headwinds coming from inflation in PAMA, and your sales were guiding to margins increasing. I just want to understand some more details of how you guys going to achieve that. Thanks a lot.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I'll start off with, there's no doubt that we're seeing inflation and we're seeing wage inflation, but also material costs going up and those things. But that's why we put in place the $350 million of cost savings. And it's not going to be $100 million, $100 million, $100 million over three years. We're going to try to get as much as we can out in the first year and then do more in the following years. The timing, as I mentioned earlier, will be a little bit different. The pressure hits you right away, but you take out the costs as you go through the year. And to give you a sense, the type of things that we're looking at, for example, are in our diagnostic area. Right now, you might assess a sample, meaning log it into the system in one area. And then you might have to fly it to another lab in a different part of the country. And then there might be another test that you have to do in another lab. We're looking at ways to streamline that so you get the results faster, but you wouldn't have the sample moving around as often. It's good for your ESG goals, but it also is good for patients and ultimately could reduce cost. So we're looking at those type of initiatives, which ultimately could reduce cost, but doesn't happen in a matter of days. It takes a little bit of time to kind of reshuffle reorganize what you're trying to do. But we have a lot of initiatives like that, that we're putting things like our automated propel system that we're going to put in additional laboratories, it can reduce cost. It's less wage pressure, because it doesn't take as many people necessary to run, but also you can get better quality, faster results at time. So we're looking for things to fundamentally change some of our business processes, and that's why it takes a little bit longer. But that's also why we're confident that we can deliver on the 30 to 50 basis point improvement in margin over time if you look at it on average.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Thank you for taking my question. So could you just come in a little bit more detail on the long-term outlook for the Drug Development business? And specifically, are you willing to sort of give us some additional color on what your assumptions are for early-stage Central Lab and late-stage, just to sort of give us a better kind of view on the mix of the business and what's going on there? You're obviously seeing a much bigger - you're seeing acceleration in that business relative to historical trends and just like a little bit more underlying drivers on the segments? Thank you very much.
Adam Schechter: Sure, Derik. I'll give you a little bit. Glenn can jump in. The first thing I'd tell you, Derik, is that we're going to give some additional disclosures when we report our first quarter earnings in April. So I think that will be helpful. We do that at that time. But clearly, when you look at the growth, I mean, a lot of the growth is coming from the later-stage clinical trial business. We see great opportunities there. We've invested in there with things like GlobalCare as well as snapIOT to give us good capabilities in terms of decentralized clinical trials, which are becoming more and more important. We've built our presence in Japan and in China in that business. So you'll see - and we believe that's an area that we can get very significant growth and also margin improvement. And then if you look at the Central laboratory business, we're a leader there, and we continue to feel strong in that business. But because you're a leader, the ability to grow isn't necessarily as easy as the ability to grow in area like clinical trials, where we're not yet where we want to be in terms of leadership. And then the last thing I'd say is that our early-stage business is a smaller business. I mean we're still able to compete. We have the ability to compete effectively in that business, but it's not the size or the magnitude of the other two businesses. We do expect strong growth in that business but at a scale that's smaller than the first two businesses.
Glenn Eisenberg: The only thing I'd add is that when you look at the components of the businesses, to your point, early development and the late-stage clinical businesses have historically are higher-growth businesses than the Central Lab business. And so we've made a lot of investments in capacity to continue to be able to fuel that growth in those two areas in particular. The acquisitions that we've done, whether it's Toxicon, GlobalCare, snapIOT have been targeted in the higher-growth areas within ED and Central Lab or in late stage rather. So just the mix of our business continues to be more weighted towards the faster-growing parts that we've made. So overall, we've always said kind of mid- to high single-digits was kind of the aspirational growth. We've made a lot of investments that the long-term growth rate targets that we have are reinforcing that what we've been doing should enable us to get into that range.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Larew with William Blair. Your line is open.
Madeline Mollman: This is Madeline Mollman on for Matt Larew. We were just wondering, you said decentralized clinical trial awards were up 62%. Can you contextualize that a little bit? Can you tell us like from what they were growing? And then what do you anticipate that will be in 2022? And what's your win rate there versus standard clinical trials?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So that's a good question. And the growth rate is still off a relatively small base. So if you look at fully decentralized clinical trials is still in the single-digits in terms of the total trials that we have going right now. But as you look at new trial RFPs, most of them actually includes some component that is virtual or hybrid. So we believe that over time, you're going to continue to see that percent increase, albeit for last year and this year, it's not a very significant amount of the total trials that we're running. I would say, more take a look at the five-year outlook, and then it starts to become more significant in terms of the total mix of trials that you have ongoing, particularly if you're looking for fully decentralized clinical trials.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: A follow-up to Derik's question on Drug Development. I appreciate your comments on kind of the long-range plan, but are you able to talk if there's anything that came out of the strategic review in terms of how you might run the business differently, where you may be reinvesting more? I'm just curious what kind of the learnings of the review were. And then also on the long-range plan, the 7% to 10% growth is impressive. A number of the CRO peers are kind of less in 10%-plus growth. So do you see upside to that long-range plan as well?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Good morning. Tycho. First thing I'd say is that when you look at the Drug Development business, we're going to provide additional insights in the second quarter, I think, it would be helpful because you have to look at the mix of the business when you try to compare across different CROs. Our mix of business is different than most because we have a very big central laboratory business. And the central laboratory in general isn't as fast growth as the later-stage clinical trials with an earlier stage. So it's a little bit hard to make those comparisons. When we break apart our businesses and when we look at our competitors, we believe that the long-term guidance that we're providing is very strong. And we also believe when you look at the guidance we're giving is accelerated versus what we've observed in the past because we believe that we're starting to see the success from some of the investments that we've made in the past. But at the same time, as I said earlier, we continue and we will continue to look at all of our avenues for growth, all of our avenues to meet both shareholder returns, but also the needs of our customers as we move forward, and we're committed to continuing to do that. I don't know Glenn if there's any additional context you provide.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, I think when you say you run differently, I think the point that we've made a lot of investments, again, targeted organically and our oncology focus within the business, really, we believe that over time, those organic investments plus, if you will, the PGDx, the Toxikon, the other acquisitions that we have will continue to help fuel the growth in our faster-growing parts of our business.
Tycho Peterson: And then one quick follow-up on oncology. Just why was PGDx the right asset in liquid biopsy? Obviously, there are a number of emerging players in that market. Was it because it got a kitted approach? What kind of stood out from your perspective?
Adam Schechter: Yes. No, that's an important question. And first of all, we have internal capabilities for liquid biopsy. So using our internal experts, we were able to look at what the available assets were out there to decide what we thought would be a good match for what we are developing internally. I think having a kitted solution and having the first one approved by the FDA was important, particularly as we start to think about clinical trials. Kitted solutions might be very helpful in clinical trials. But also as we start to think about taking tests like this globally, which we haven't done before, frankly, but we think there might be the ability for us to globally launch a specialty test like a liquid biopsy. Having the ability to both do a kitted solution and a central laboratory solution was important to us, and PGDx actually has capabilities in both of those areas. So we think it's good for clinical trials. We think it's good for patient care if you can do the test closer to a patient, but it also could enable us to more easily go globally with this type of test. So, are there any last question Chas or that's the end of the questions?
Chas Cook: That's going to be, it.
Adam Schechter: Okay. So I want to thank everybody for joining us today and hopefully you can see that our considerable progress last year coupled with what we have in store for 2022 actually lays a great groundwork for promising not only short-term but also long-term growth. And I just want to say none of it will be possible if it wasn't for all of our colleagues around the world. Our 75,000 employees around the world and each of them play a role ensuring our company delivers on our mission to improve health and improve lives. We look forward to continue to have dialog with you. And please continue to be safe and we'll see you soon. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 14:30:18) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to Labcorp's Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Chas Cook, VP, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Chas Cook: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to Labcorp's third quarter 2021 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com, we posted both our press release and an Investor Relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the estimated 2021 guidance and the related assumptions, the projected impact of various factors on the company's businesses, operating and financial results, cash flows and/or financial condition, including the COVID-19 pandemic and general economic and market conditions, our responses to the COVID-19 pandemic, future business strategies, expected savings and synergies and opportunities for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements is based upon current expectations and is subject to change based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in the company's other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now I'll turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Chas. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. At Labcorp, we continue to leverage innovation, science and technology to accelerate our strategy as we work to improve health and improve lives around the world. We serve as a trusted source of health information that helps customers advance health care and guide medical decisions. At the same time, we've remained focused on helping the world through the pandemic. In the third quarter, we delivered strong results. Revenue totaled $4.1 billion, adjusted EPS reached $6.82, and free cash flow was $650 million. As a result of our strong performance and our improved outlook, we're raising full year guidance for revenue, adjusted EPS and free cash flow. Glenn will cover those in more detail in a few minutes. The Base Business for both Diagnostics and Drug Development performed well with 10% and 22% growth, respectively. We saw consistent recovery across both businesses. In Diagnostics, we experienced broad geographic recovery in our Base Business and across our testing portfolio. Esoteric and routine testing demonstrated solid year-over-year growth for the quarter. The trailing 12 month net book-to-bill for Drug Development remains strong at 1.34. Drug Development continues to recover with nearly 85% of sites now open. The business also saw decentralized trials increasing by more than 50% versus prior year. Now I'd like to turn to our ongoing role in the pandemic response. Labcorp continues to support the fight against the pandemic in every way possible through both our diagnostic and our drug development capabilities. We experienced greater-than-anticipated COVID testing volumes in the quarter, although levels were below the same period last year. Time to results for COVID test remains an average of one to two days, with results typically available within one day. PCR testing volume averaged 85,000 per day in the quarter, up from 54,000 per day in the second quarter. We averaged 114,000 tests per day in September, with volumes declining week-over-week since that time. We will continue to break out COVID testing from Base Business revenue and volume as it remains difficult to forecast. We will also continue to maintain high capacity levels to be prepared for potential future scenarios. We also had another successful quarter of bringing new innovations to market. Notably, we recently received Emergency Use Authorization for a combined COVID and flu-at-home collection kit. With flu season upon us, the kit offers a convenient way to test for both viruses. This new offering will be available for adults and children ages two and over and no upfront cost for those who meet clinical guidelines. In addition, we collaborated with AstraZeneca on both a COVID prevention and treatment trial of its new long-acting antibody combination. In the trial, the investigational antibody combination demonstrated statistically significant benefit in preventing symptomatic COVID and in reducing severe COVID or death in outpatients with mild to moderate COVID, promising milestones in the development of new treatments. Also earlier this month, Merck filed for FDA Emergency Use Authorization for its investigational oral antiviral medicine for the treatment of mild to moderate COVID in at-risk adults, a treatment that we supported through Phase I, Phase II and Phase III clinical trials. I'll now discuss progress on our strategy, and I'll start with oncology. The OmniSeq integration is going as planned, and their leading pan-cancer diagnostic capabilities extend our portfolio of solutions in this area. Additionally, we launched clonoSEQ, the first and only FDA-cleared test for monitoring residual blood cancer. As part of our efforts to address healthy equity - health equity issues, we recently partnered with the Community Clinical Oncology Research Network to assess social and economic impacts of cancer care disparities. And we also recently began work with Pillar Biosciences to enhance our next-generation sequencing and plan to offer a specialty oncology assay. During the quarter, we advanced our commitment to intensifying our customer focus and embedding technology and data throughout our business. We acquired Ovia Health, a leading digital platform trusted by millions of women for family planning, pregnancy and parenting support. Ovia Health extends our position as a go-to source for women's health insights through our deep expertise in diagnostic, genetic and specialty testing. Additionally, we are working with several organizations to begin deploying Labcorp Diagnostic Assistant, which delivers comprehensive lab results and clinical insights directly to the point of care. We're also using technology to improve health for low-income individuals and families. We partnered with Medical Home Network to incorporate lab testing results into the records of Medicaid safety net patients. And lastly, through a collaboration with Medidata, we are utilizing digital biomarkers with drug, vaccine and device trials to enhance our decentralized clinical trialing offers. Pursuing opportunities with long-term, high-growth potential remains a focus. Our recent acquisitions, including OmniSeq, Myriad's Vectra test for rheumatoid arthritis and Ovia Health advance our position in key growth markets. We're making progress on our integrations, and we welcome new team members who joined Labcorp. Our M&A pipeline remains robust. We expect continued activity on this front for the balance of fourth quarter and into the first quarter of 2022. Importantly, Labcorp continues to be recognized for the significant work we do. Just this month, we were named by Forbes as one of the world's best employers in 2021. In addition, Informa Pharma Intelligence selected Labcorp as a finalist for Best Contract Research Organization of the Year. These recognitions are only possible thanks to our diverse and talented workforce, which is at the core of our ability to innovate. Lastly, I'd like to provide a brief update on the Board and management team's ongoing assessment of the company's structure and capital allocation strategy. We remain committed to ensuring Labcorp is best positioned to unlock shareholder value while offering patients and customers the support that they've come to expect. Working closely with our advisers, we have made significant progress on assessing both our capital allocation and our structure. And as previously shared, we expect to update you on our conclusions in this quarter. To summarize, our Base Business in both Diagnostics and Drug Development had a strong third quarter and is well-positioned for continued success. We remain dedicated to the fight against COVID, all while delivering on our strategy and carrying out our mission. I'm excited by the progress we've made and for what lies ahead. With that, Glenn will take you through the details of our third quarter results.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our third quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with an update on our full year guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $4.1 billion, an increase of 4.3% over last year due to organic growth of 3.4%, acquisitions of 0.4% and favorable foreign currency translation of 50 basis points. The 3.4% increase in organic revenue is driven by a 10.2% increase in the company's organic Base business partially offset by a 6.8% decrease in COVID testing. Operating income for the quarter was $767 million or 18.9% of revenue. During the quarter, we had $92 million of amortization and $48 million of restructuring charges and special items. Excluding these items, adjusted operating income in the quarter was $907 million or 22.3% of revenue compared to $1.2 billion or 29.7% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was due to a reduction in COVID testing as well as higher personnel costs resulting from increased Base Business demand and a tight labor market as the company continues to invest in its workforce. Partially offsetting these headwinds were the benefit from organic Base Business growth and LaunchPad savings. The tax rate for the quarter was 23.5%. The adjusted tax rate, excluding restructuring charges, special items and amortization, was 24.4% compared to 25.7% last year. The lower adjusted rate was primarily due to the geographic mix of earnings. We continue to expect our full year adjusted tax rate to be approximately 25%. Net earnings for the quarter were $587 million or $6.05 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS, which exclude amortization, restructuring charges and special items, were $6.82 in the quarter, down from $8.41 last year. Operating cash flow was $767 million in the quarter compared to $786 million a year ago. The decrease in operating cash flow was due to lower cash earnings partially offset by favorable working capital. Capital expenditures totaled $118 million or 2.9% of revenue compared to $77 million or 2% of revenue last year. As a result, free cash flow was $650 million in the quarter compared to $709 million last year. During the quarter, we used $300 million of our cash flow for our share repurchase program and invested $292 million on acquisitions. Now I'll review our segment performance, beginning with Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $2.6 billion, a decrease of 3.2% compared to last year due to organic revenue being down 3.9%, partially offset by acquisitions of 0.4% and favorable foreign currency translation of 30 basis points. The decrease in organic revenue was due to a 9.7% reduction from COVID testing partially offset by a 5.8% increase in the Base Business. Relative to the third quarter of 2019, the compound annual growth rate for Base Business revenue was 4.7%, primarily due to organic growth. Total volume increased 0.2% over last year as acquisition volume contributed 0.2% and organic volume decreased by 0.1%. The decrease in organic volume was due to a 5.9% decrease in COVID testing, partially offset by a 5.9% increase in the Base Business. As a reminder, we do not include hospital lab management agreements in our volume, which would have added approximately 1.1% to our organic Base Business volume growth. Price mix decreased 3.4% versus last year due to lower COVID testing of 3.8% partially offset by currency of 0.3% and acquisitions of 0.2%. Diagnostics organic Base Business revenue growth was 9% compared to its Base Business last year, with 7.7% coming from volume and 1.3% coming from price mix, which was primarily due to an increase in test per session. Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $775 million or 29.6% of revenue compared to $1 billion or 37.1% last year. The decrease in adjusted operating income and margin was primarily due to a reduction of COVID testing and higher personnel costs partially offset by organic Base Business growth and LaunchPad savings. Relative to the third quarter of 2019, Base Business margins were down slightly due to the negative impact from PAMA. Diagnostics 3 year LaunchPad initiative remains on track to deliver approximately $200 million of net savings by the end of this year. Now I'll review the performance of Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $1.5 billion, an increase of 17.5% compared to last year due to organic Base Business growth of 19.9%, acquisitions of 0.4% and favorable foreign currency translation of 100 basis points. This was partially offset by lower COVID testing performed through its central lab business of 3.5% and divestitures of 0.3%. Drug Development's Base Business benefited from broad-based growth across all businesses, including COVID vaccine and therapeutic work. Relative to the third quarter of 2019, the compound annual growth rate for Base Business revenue was 11.4% primarily driven by organic growth. Adjusted operating income for the segment was $226 million or 15.5% of revenue compared to $210 million or 16.9% last year. The increase in adjusted operating income was primarily due to organic Base Business growth and LaunchPad savings partially offset by lower COVID testing and higher personnel costs. The decline in adjusted operating margin was due to lower COVID testing. Excluding the impact from COVID testing, operating margins would have been up compared to last year. For comparability to peers, Drug Development earnings exclude $36 million of expense related to the enterprise component of its bonus, which is included in unallocated corporate expense. We expect full year margins to be up over 2020, which were up over 2019. For the trailing 12 months, net orders and net book-to-bill remained strong at $7.8 billion and 1.34, respectively. During the quarter, orders were negatively impacted by approximately $150 million due to a significant scope change, which decreased the book-to-bill. Backlog at the end of the quarter was $14.4 billion, an increase of 15.4% compared to last year. We expect approximately $4.9 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Now I'll discuss our 2021 full year guidance, which assumes foreign exchange rates effective as of September 30, 2021, for the remainder of the year. We are raising our full year guidance to reflect the company's strong third quarter performance and improved outlook for the remainder of the year. We expect enterprise revenue to grow 13% to 14% from prior guidance of 6.5% to 9%. This includes the benefit from foreign currency translation of 90 basis points. This guidance range also includes the expectation that the Base Business will grow 18.5% to 19.5%, while COVID testing is expected to be down 11% to down 6%. We are raising our expectations for revenue to grow in Diagnostics by 8% to 10% from prior guidance of minus 1% to plus 2%. This guidance range includes the expectation that the Base Business will grow 16% to 17%, while COVID testing revenue is expected to be down 11% to down 6%. We're also raising our growth expectations for revenue in Drug Development to 19.5% to 20.5% from prior guidance of 17% to 19%. Our current guidance includes the benefit from foreign currency translation of 170 basis points. This guidance range also includes the expectation that the Base Business will grow 21.5% to 22.5%. Given the improved top line growth expectations, we are raising our adjusted EPS guidance to $26 to $28, up from prior guidance of $21.5 to $25. Free cash flow is now expected to be between $2.45 billion to $2.6 billion, up from prior guidance of $1.95 billion to $2.15 billion. For additional comparison purposes, we've also included in the supplemental deck on our Investor Relations website a view of 2021 third quarter results and full year guidance compared to 2019 results. In summary, the company had another quarter of strong performance. We remain focused on performing a critical role in response to the global pandemic, while also growing our Base Business. We expect to drive continued profitable growth in our Base Business, while COVID testing volumes are expected to decline through the remainder of the year. We expect to continue to use our free cash flow generation for acquisitions that supplement our organic growth while also returning capital to shareholders through our share repurchase programs. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator:  Our first question comes from Ann Hynes with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Ann Hynes: Hi, good morning.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Ann.
Ann Hynes: So I know you're not providing 2022 guidance, but could you maybe provide some high-level thoughts on headwinds and tailwinds for each business going into next year? And in that context, maybe address any labor inflation pressures that we should consider while we're modelling? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Sure. Good morning. Ann, again, we're not, as you said, providing guidance for 2022, but as I look at 2022, I think there are things that you've seen this quarter that you can kind of start to think about 2022. First of all, the Base Business for both Drug Development and Diagnostics is rebounding well. And if you look even for the first couple of weeks of October, that rebounded from where we were even in September. So we would expect the Base Business to continue to improve. At the same time, we've said before, we actually have several things that we're looking at when it comes to cost. One is we kept our headcount at a level that is higher than we typically would to ensure that we're prepared for whatever scenario could occur with COVID. And by the way, I'm glad we did that. If you would have gone back to the second quarter where we averaged 55,000 PCR tests, there was good reason to say we should reduce headcount because we saw tests going down. We didn't do that. And then when the tests came to 110,000 or so per day in the month of September, we still had a one day turnaround time for the majority of tests. So we're going to continue to keep our labor costs a bit higher based upon number of people to ensure that we're prepared for any scenario. And that's for both Diagnostics and Drug Development. I said Drug Development continues to rebound. 85% of sites are now open, but that still means 15% of sites are not open. We're continuing to keep that headcount because these people are hard to retain, they're hard to train, and we believe the business will come back. Separate and distinct from that, we are seeing impacts in certain materials and people-related costs, and we're seeing that through the supply chain constraints but also a very tight labor market. I don't think it's any different than what our peers are seeing. Everybody is seeing the same thing. So we're focused on maintaining our operational continuity, and we're going to continue to look for ways to reduce expenses. Now the increased material costs and increased labor costs, if you - very quickly, it takes us time to take out the expenses, but we're going to continue to find ways, to find efficiencies and reduce costs wherever we can to offset those things. I think the biggest factor, again, going to 2022 is what happens with COVID and COVID testing. And when we provide guidance, we're going to break out the guidance for COVID testing like we did this year so that we can give you a range of possibilities, and then we'll also give you what we believe the range of opportunities would be for the Base Business. And then the last thing I would say is we also are working on our capital allocation and that we are doing - continuing to do M&A, and we have a significant pipeline as we go into next year. I'm very excited about the pipeline of M&A that we have, and we'll continue to do share repos where appropriate. So hopefully, that gives you some kind of context of how we're thinking about next year. I think that we have good momentum as we go into the year.
Ann Hynes: Okay, great. Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Adam Schechter: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Meehan: On the strategic review, if you'll humor me, you're now, I think, around nine months into the review and expect to conclude this quarter. Are there still significant items at this point related to the business structure which are being evaluated? And what's your level of confidence that one way or another, you're going to be able to find a way to get better credit for the value of the businesses versus where your peers trade? And then just one procedural point. Any comment on what type of form you're going to choose for disclosing the results?
Adam Schechter: Yeah. So let me give you some additional context. And I appreciate the question, Jack. So first of all, I want to start off by saying that we believe that there is intrinsic value in Labcorp that's yet to be realized, we believe that. And we're working closely with our outside advisers, and we have several of them. And we're also working with our Board of Directors to evaluate our structure and capital allocation as you know. We are making significant progress to ensure that we find a way to best position Labcorp on lap  the shareholder value. I can tell you, Jack, we are performing a very thorough and a very thoughtful analysis. And it just takes time to fully assess all of the alternatives, and we continue to assess all of the alternatives. Though we're not giving any additional updates today, we are looking forward to share the conclusions once the review is complete, and we still expect that to happen in this quarter. We haven't - I want to reach the conclusions, and then we'll figure out exactly how we communicate it on a very broad, direct basis. So as we reach the conclusions, then we'll think about how to best broadly communicate our decisions.
Jack Meehan: Great. Then one on the business in the quarter. Just wanted to talk about bookings in Drug Development. The trailing 12-month metrics look good, but my back-of-the-envelope math would suggest the quarterly awards were down year-over-year. So just curious how you're feeling about RFP flow in the quarter and win rates. Anything you would call out, which would make the year-over-year comparison look negative?
Adam Schechter: Yeah. I'll give you some context, and then I'll ask Glenn to provide additional context. So we still have a strong book-to-bill, it was 1.34, and we've always said that a 1.2 or above gets you high single - mid to high single digit growth. So anything above a 1.2, we think, is a very strong book-to-bill. And I've said time and time again, I wouldn't read too much into one quarter. I look at the trailing 12 months because it gives you a better understanding over time. And with book-to-bill, it could be lumpy. So you could fall in one quarter this year and fall out into a different quarter versus next year. So the quarterly, we try to watch carefully, obviously, but I wouldn't draw too many conclusions from one quarter versus another. What I look at is the RFPs, which continue to be very strong, and we continue to do very well as we go through the RFPs. So if you look at the trailing 12 month net orders, they were $7.8 billion. They were up 27% year-over-year. And if you look at the backlog, it was $14.4 billion. That increased by over $100 million in the second quarter, and that was up 15% year-over-year. So I think there's still strength there that you can see. But again, I focus on the trailing 12 month and I think above 1.2 is where you want to be. I don't know, Glenn, if you want to talk about some of the quarter fluctuations.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. And Jack, in our remarks, we talked about this change in scope that we had that was $150 million that obviously negatively impacted the quarter. So as Adam said, when you put it in the perspective of the trailing 12 months, it gets kind of rounded out, if you will. We still have strong levels of backlog, strong levels of orders. To your point, while our orders on a trailing 12 would have been up around 27% year-on-year, including the scope change for the quarter, we would have been down slightly, down around 4%. However, what's interesting is that we actually received the order in the third quarter of a year ago. So it really has kind of a double effect. If you back it out of the year that we received it, the third quarter, and you take it out of now the change from the third quarter of this, would actually would have been up around 13% in orders, excluding it for the quarter. So it still reinforces, frankly, from our perspective, why we really focus on the trailing 12 because even with the volatility, you really get a sense of the true growth and the future potential of the business.
Jack Meehan: That will make sense. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Your line is open.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks. And thanks for taking my call. I want to talk a little bit about the M&A pipeline. You obviously are excited about it. Are we talking about more focus in diagnostics, are we more focused in clinical? Take me through sort of where the opportunities lie. And are we talking about technologies on the diagnostics side or market share? Can you - any more color on what the pipeline looks like now and how it might be different than what it was a year ago or two years ago?
Adam Schechter: Yeah. Sure, Kevin. Good morning. First of all, we remain excited, as you said, about the pipeline that we have. And we continue to see the ability to acquire hospital, local, regional laboratories, and that kind of makes a lot of sense. They're accretive in the first year, typically. They return their cost of capital very quickly, and we know how to integrate those, and we see significant potential for that as we go through this year into next year. I've said before, those sometimes take longer than I would expect, but the good news is that we continue to have a very strong pipeline. And I'm confident that we're going to have some really interesting things that we can do with regard to those types of acquisitions. Then we look for strategic acquisitions, and those can be something like Ovia, where it's a digital platform that enhances our capabilities in technology and digitalization, but it's also in a very important high growth market where we have a very strong share in women's health. And then you look at things that we've done before, like SnapIOT or GlobalCare, where it gives us strategic capabilities in drug development. I mentioned that the decentralized clinical trials that we're doing were 50% higher year-over-year, and we're going to need more capabilities and more technology in areas like that. So I kind of separate it into three buckets. The diagnostic laboratory acquisition opportunities, then the strategic opportunities for both diagnostics and for drug development, and we've got multiple different things that we're looking at in each of those areas.
Kevin Caliendo: Has anything changed from the seller's perspective, in your opinion, around the diagnostics, the hospital acquisitions and the like? Is their environment tougher or are they - are you being more aggressive? Has anything materially changed in terms of the buy, sell algorithm?
Adam Schechter: Yeah. I think their environments are tough. I also think that with COVID, they've realized they had to update a lot of their machinery in order to do the COVID testing if they want to do it in a hospital. They had to take a look at how they were using their capital. And they realized that running their laboratory might not be core to what they do every day, and they probably would do better if they had another surgical operating suite or put their money towards something like that versus updating laboratory equipment. So as we have more and more discussions with the hospitals and hospital systems and local laboratories, I think the realization is that diagnostics does take capital, in order to have the right machinery, you have to run that machinery often to get the best output and margins through running that type of equipment; and that we can do it extraordinarily well for them. So I think all 3 of those things have led to us having a more robust pipeline now than what I've seen in the past.
Kevin Caliendo: Is there any - just one quick last follow-up to that. Is there any impact that your M&A pipeline has on the strategic review or vice versa? Meaning, can you run both of those separately? Or are they any way intertwined?
Adam Schechter: Yeah. So we're continuing to execute on our strategy today, and we're doing a very thorough and thoughtful strategic review. We're making sure that, of course, we consider both as we move forward, but it's not getting in the way of us doing what we need to do to run our business and be successful, execute in the marketplace today. And hopefully, what you see when you look at our numbers is that we're executing extraordinarily well in both Diagnostics and Drug Development. And we're continuing to do M&A as we showed with what we bought from Myriad for the rheumatoid arthritis drug, Ovia, OmniSeq. But at the same time, we're making progress on the strategic review.
Kevin Caliendo: Okay, thanks so much.\
Operator: Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yeah, hi. Good morning. So clearly, there - COVID is going to be the biggest swing factor, Adam, to your point next year. But how should we think about what's the right earnings base to think about for next year? I think maybe for us, could be easiest if you can exclude sort of the impact of COVID this year and kind of we start what's the right baseline for next year? And then also, I know you haven't provided sort of long-term earning targets for some time now. Is this going to be also part of the strategic -- unveiling the strategic review? Will you give us long-term growth goals?
Adam Schechter: Yeah. Thank you, Ricky. Good morning. So first of all, as baseline, I tend to look at 2019 and go pre-pandemic. And then I look at what the growth would have been if everything was normalized. And that's kind of just how I think about how to grow the Base Business as we move into the future. I'd be very careful comparing versus 2020 or 2021 because the Base Business was recovering, the COVID testing was different. For example, as we saw COVID testing grow significantly in September, we saw an impact on the Base Business in September. It was slightly less than August. Now we see COVID tested less for the first couple of weeks of October. We've seen the Base Business now nearly flat to where it was in 2019. So using 2020, 2021, I'd say you have to be really thoughtful and careful with that. I use 2019 as the baseline to figure out where we should kind of get from a normalized perspective as we look at next year. And then with regard to long-term guidance, we're looking at everything as we go through the strategic review, and we're discussing all options for structure as well as capital allocation and how we communicate those things. So we haven't reached a conclusion on that, Ricky, but I can tell you, we are considering all of it.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And then just one follow-up, I think you mentioned that the Base Business is almost flat versus 2019. What are the sort of the variability between the different geographic regions? And when we think about 2019, is that sort of the 2019 exit run rate or just on a full year basis?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Ricky, it's Glenn. As we've seen even currently, so you can use it as a run rate or you can look at it for the full year, both businesses' top line revenues are kind of at the high end of historical levels compared to '19. So we really feel good about the current levels of performance. What's interesting and unique, and I think a little bit to your question within the Diagnostics business, is that we're keeping our revenues at the same level of growth compared to '19, but we're doing it through price/mix because effectively, our volume levels have been plus or minus relatively flat to '19. So as we go forward, obviously, we would expect volume to continue to tick up and go above '19 levels but obviously, see a corresponding decline, if you will, in tests or price mix, which has been driven by tests per session that have been higher than normal given people have had fewer visits. But overall, to Adam's comment, as we look to pre-pandemic levels, both businesses are kind of tracking well to it, albeit, you can argue, the mix of how we're getting there is a little bit different.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Bowers with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Justin Bowers: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Can you just give us an update on kind of the mix of COVID or vaccine-related orders or backlog for Drug Development?
Adam Schechter: Sure. Good morning, Justin. The first thing I'd say is that's important because as you think about last year, we had a significant amount, between 10% and 15%, that we discussed of the book-to-bill on COVID. And a lot of those studies were in third and fourth quarter of last year, and they happened very quickly because everybody was working as fast as they could to enroll those trials, get the results of the trials so that we can get the vaccines and the therapeutics to market as fast. So you're burning through those studies faster than you typically would. If you look at where we currently are, the mix is much less COVID right now. It's less than 5%, frankly, of the total that we have for the backlog. So it's significantly less than it was before. We are still doing some work. But again, as you start to think about future comparisons, you just have to remember, third and fourth quarter of last year had significant COVID studies in them.
Justin Bowers: Got it. And then just in terms of DCTs, any way you can help us -- you can kind of frame the order of magnitude for that? Maybe just what percentage of subjects or trials or new bookings have some kind of DCT component?
Adam Schechter: Yes, sure. I mentioned that was greater than 50% increase that we've seen. I'd say it's about a third of the new awards have some type of DCT component, if you look at the current quarter, and that's significantly more than it would have been a year ago. But if you look at the total trials that we do, it's still less than 10% of the total trials that have that type of component. So it just shows that as we move forward, having those skills and capabilities are obviously going to be more important. And that's why the acquisitions that we made last year, like GlobalCare and SnapIOT, were so important. We were able to get ahead of where we knew the market or believe the market was going to end up.
Justin Bowers: Got it. Thanks so much.
Adam Schechter: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Q Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. This is Casey on for Tycho. Maybe just going back to COVID volume. So 3Q's average was 85,000 per day, peaking at 110,000 mid-September. Can you give us an idea of what you exited the quarter at and then where you are currently? Just want to understand sort of the step-down you're seeing here in the near term given infection rates. And then what is the high end and low end of your guide assumed for 4Q? And then maybe any kind of 2022 baseline framework that we can use for our models? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Yeah, sure. And just to give you a little bit additional history. So in the second quarter, we averaged 54,000 per day. And in the third quarter, we averaged 85,000 per day. But if you just look at the month of September, it was 114,000 that we were actually averaging in September. But as we went through September, we saw that number going down. And if you look at the first couple of weeks of October, we continue to see the number of COVID tests going down. If you look at our guidance, we think it will be somewhere between 50,000 and 70,000 per day as we look at the fourth quarter and where we are currently, and I think that's a kind of pretty good range for you to work within.
Q Unidentified Analyst: Got you. And then just one more on inflation costs. Your largest competitor last week talked about potentially passing some of those costs through to its customers via pricing. Do you have any sort of comments on potentially you guys doing the same? Or is it more about managing inflationary pressures through cost savings?
Adam Schechter: Yeah. So I just believe that as an organization, you have to continually pressure your cost base, and you have to continually find ways to take out cost. In health care, and I've been involved in health care for 35 years, it's very hard to pass on price increases. And other certain areas within our business where we may be able to, of course, we'll look at that. And if there are opportunities, we would work on those opportunities. But I don't think that's something you should put in your base case. In your base case, I think it has to be how do you have cost reduction initiatives that continue to have the quality that you need, that continue to enable you to retain the people that you have, but also that you can do it more efficiently. So as we go forward, we're going to continue to really find ways to reduce our cost base.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Your line is open.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks, good morning. I just want to go back to that last question, Adam. You answered sort of for 2021 and maybe purposely didn't talk about 2022. But is there any baseline of a floor that you guys think about on COVID testing? You mentioned sort of that the lows this year, we're still -- or you guys are still doing 50,000 a day. I'd imagine the floor would be lower than that, but I'm not sure if you have some baseline or -- and sort of at-least figure per day? And then just what about reimbursement for next year as you think about sort of COVID and PHE? And then the second question more broadly, the managed care companies are talking a lot more about virtual first primary care offerings. As that sort of developed, how do you think that impacts you? And just give us a sense of your relationship with some of the tele health providers. Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Yeah, sure, Ralph. Good morning. So I'll start with the second question first. We have a great relationship with the vast majority of the tele health providers. And in fact, we work with them. And technologically, we have most of them where they can be directly working with us through their electronic medical records. So we embrace telemedicine. We think that it's good for health care where it makes sense. And we'll continue to work to ensure that as people get telemedicine, they can also get the appropriate diagnostic testing. And we have a team that is focused on ensuring that we have those relationships and that they work smoothly. With regard to COVID testing, I want to get through this year and see where we end up, and we will provide guidance next year, and it will be a range of potential. It really comes down to a couple of things. Will there be another variant that is not as manageable with the current vaccines? Will you need a different booster in the future? Will antibody testing become more important in order to know if and when people should get vaccines? So I don't want to give numbers for next year. I want to get through this year and see how it plays out. We gave a range, between 50,000 and 70,000 tests per day this year. I also want to see flu season because if you have a high flu season, I believe you'll probably see more COVID testing to the work that we do. Because if somebody is not sure if they have flu or COVID, I think they're going to want to come to us and get an answer as quickly as they can. And we have the at-home collection kit, but also physicians can prescribe a diagnostic test to look at both of those, and our turnaround time is very good. So let's see how this year plays out. Let's see what happens with the flu season. And then when we give guidance for next year, we'll give you an appropriate range.
Glenn Eisenberg: Ralph, the one other thing, I guess, I would add, too, is that when you think about even the volatility that we experienced this year and the changing in our guidance as we went through, we really had kind of two variables. It's what was the demand going to be and what was the reimbursement going to be. And then obviously, as we kept to see the public health emergency continuing to expand, the pricing kind of just held out. So as we tighten the range, if you will, especially with the fourth quarter, as Adam said, we have a range of testing that we feel as best as we can. Here's a range that we think will happen but with an assumption that pricing will hold. As we think about '22, and again, we'll give you our best guess at that time, but I think it's fair to assume you're going to see a fairly wide range starting out the year because you go back to the uncertainty with regard to both volume and pricing. And again, we'll wait and see and update it, which is, again, to Adam's point earlier, that we'll continue to break out COVID testing separate from the Base Business so you can see the impact of both.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian Tanquilut: Hey. Good morning, guys. I just want to follow up, Glenn, I guess, to the point that you made earlier on the price mix being one of the key drivers of revenue, right? So on a normalized basis, maybe post '22, because obviously it's going to be noisy and COVID is in the background. But as I think about base, what's the right way to think about your longer-term view on revenue per req? And then I guess, as I look at your guidance here, you're showing the CAGR versus 2019 at 3.64% on the Base Business. Is that a good way to think about this, given broader utilization trends post 2022?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah. No, Brian, I'd say historically, we've always talked about that organic growth -- revenue growth for the Base Business would be, call it, in a 2% to 3% level with, call it, 1% to 2% coming from volume and then 1% from price/mix, which was mostly driven by mix because, as Adam said, assume that pricing, unit pricing, is overall relatively stable. So the view would be that long term, that's where we'll gravitate to. Obviously, we continue to add new innovative tests that could skew it hopefully upward. Obviously, we would add acquisitions to the mix that would skew it upwards. But just the organic Base Business trends, you would expect to see that. So it wasn't surprising that our revenues right now is still tracking at or slightly higher compared to '19 from a revenue standpoint, but we're seeing just an unusually high level of price mix than what we would normally expect to see, call it, in a normal environment.
Brian Tanquilut: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is John on for Derik. I wanted to dig into the pricing for any surveillance pool testing as well as in terms of the volume. I feel like there is been some related announcements from schools in Florida and Texas looking to do some back-to-school surveillance testing. Any updates there?
Adam Schechter: Yeah. Good morning, John. I think that there are a lot of places that are doing surveillance testing. But typically, they're using the rapid test that you can kind of do on-site. We're not doing a lot of pool testing, although we have the ability to do it. And most of our testing is being done for people that either have symptoms, that have been exposed to COVID. It's much less of the surveillance. A lot of the surveillance work is being done by the other types of tests out there in the marketplace. So as we look to next year, we'll continue to make the service available. We do more of that through our Labcorp Employer Services group than we do through the core Labcorp Diagnostics business when it comes to surveillance. But of course, if there are opportunities out there, we are ready to help with those and serve in those, but it's not a significant amount of the testing that we do today.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. And then if I could just ask one more question. In terms of your esoteric testing, I wanted to ask how the oncology testing volume is trending and if you could provide any color on the uptake for the OmniSeq, the oncology test you launched.
Adam Schechter: Yeah. So if you look at OmniSeq, we are seeing good uptake with that, although it's not a significant part of our testing overall at the moment. And if you look at oncology testing in general, it's recovered like the other esoteric tests recovered, and we feel that it's getting back to levels pre-pandemic.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Adam Schechter for any closing remarks.
Adam Schechter: Thank you. So first of all, thanks to everybody for joining us today. And I hope you can see we're encouraged by our progress, and it led to another strong quarter, and it led us to increase our full year guidance again. More than 70,000 employees are going to continue to work relentlessly to achieve our mission to save and improve lives, but also continuing to help the world through the pandemic. So I'm grateful to my colleagues around the world for their dedication and focus. Lastly, if you've not yet been fully vaccinated and are eligible, please stay safe, please get vaccinated, and be careful as we approach the holiday season. Thanks, and we'll be in touch soon.
Operator: This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 14:09:03) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Labcorp Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I'd now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Chas Cook, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Chas Cook: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to Labcorp's second quarter 2021 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Chas and good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you this morning. We remain committed to using extensive diagnostics and drug development capabilities to advance our mission of improving health and improve lives around the world. Innovation, technology and science remains at the forefront and will always do to patients, providers and shareholders. To that end, the second quarter of 2021 was very strong across both diagnostics and drug development. Revenue totalled $3.8 billion a 39% increase from the same period in 2020. Most of this growth was driven by the continued strength in our base businesses. Adjusted EPS reached $6.13 versus $2.50 from the prior year. Free cash flow was $390 million in the quarter versus $272 million in 2020. The strong performance in the quarter and the improved outlook for the year result in us meeting full year guidance for revenue, EPS and cash flow. Glenn will review the new guidance with you in a moment. Our base business continues to recover and were 51% and 32% for diagnostics and drug development respectively. The drug development trailing 12 month book-to-bill remained strong at 1.41. This performance was patients and provider returning to routine healthcare checkups and pharmaceutical clients resuming their important research activities at an even faster pace than expected.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. I am going to start my comments with a review of our second quarter results followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with an update on our full-year guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $3.8 billion an increase of 38.7% over last year due to organic growth of 35.5%, acquisitions of 1.2% and favourable foreign currency translation of 200 basis points. Our organic base business increased 42.4% when compared to our base business last year, while COVID testing revenues of $444 million were flat with last year.
Operator:  Our first Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brian Tanquilut: Good morning, guys. Congrats on a strong quarter. I guess my question will be a Covance. Obviously you're seeing some good strength there and strong. Just wanted to hear your thoughts and how do you think about sustainability of margins and growth outlook on your ability to maintain that high pace of growth going forward just for the Covance business?
Glenn Eisenberg: Hi Brian. Thanks very much for the question. So Covance had a very strong quarter and if you look at our Labcorp drug development business in total, we had progress in all parts of the drug development business all three grew strong into double-digits and as I look at the margins going forward, I've always said be careful to look at any one quarter of the margin especially as were going through COVID. There are certain areas where we continue to maintain people and when we maintain those people, were doing it because we're going through COVID and we know we're going to need them for after COVID. So some of our margins look a little bit odd from quarter to quarter. We're also seeing a slight increase in the material cost and labor cost which people are seeing in almost every industry, but we're going to continues to offset that with things like our launchpad initiatives. So I'd look at the margin on a yearly basis and we believe that this year will be better than last year which was better than the year before and I would expect as we go into next year in our drug development business, the margins will look better than this year. So we're going to continue to find ways to expand our margins moving forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Nephron. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan: Wanted to focus on capital allocation, was curious if you think is the strategic review having any influence over the timing of how you redeploy capital? You have $2 billion in cash on the balance sheet, net leverage of return is below the three turns you've been at historically. Within the second half acceleration just any additional color on the pacing of or magnitude of what you're looking to redeploy?
Adam Schechter: Hi Jack and I'll ask Glenn to jump in. So first of all two separate thoughts. One is we continue to execute on our strategy and we continue to do our capital allocation and we've always said, our allocation is focused on strategic acquisitions. You saw one of those where we purchased the remaining interest in Omni this quarter. So oncology is a strategic area. We're looking for ways to enhance our strategic capabilities. And then we said we're going to look to do more hospital resolve, local laboratory acquisitions and you saw one of those this quarter, with what we announced we were doing with one of the hospitals in Minneapolis area, Minnesota. So those are the types of f acquisitions we're going to continue to do. What I would say is the pipeline is as robust as I've ever seen it and frankly I thought we would have couple more close this quarter, but I feel confident we'll close more of those as we go through this year. Separately distinct from that, we continue to make progress on the strategic review and we're going to do this strategic review once we reach the conclusions, we'll look forward to sharing those with you and we expect to do that in the fourth quarter of this year. Glenn?
Glenn Eisenberg: Jack, the only thing I'd add is you're right, our targeted leverage, has been the 2.5 to 3 times and a couple of things are going, obviously we have the benefit of the COVID testing, which has generated and helped our free cash flow this year, which has helped improved it. But also when you look at the improvement in our EBITDA, because of COVID testing, it's higher than normal. So as you do look at our leverage relative to call it pre pandemic, you using a profile on the 2019, you'd get that are leveraged. Currently gross debt to EBITDA is towards the upper end of our range. Having said that as Adam commented on, we expect to use our free cash flow this year for M&A and share repurchases. The midpoint of our range a little bit over $2 billion. We spent around $400 million so far in the first half of the year. So the Alyssa say it implies that the second half you'll see more capital allocation given to both share repurchases and M&A and spoke to the strength of our M&A pipeline, which again, gives us a lot of confidence we'll be able to deploy more towards M&A than we've done in the first half, but we'll continue to use our share repurchase program as well.
Jack Meehan: Great. Looking forward to the updates. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Your line is now open.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks. I want to talk a little bit about Covance, revenues were up sequentially yet the margins fell by about 150 basis points sequentially, is there any seasonality there? Is there anything related to COVID potentially that would cause that I guess really ultimately what I'm trying to figure out is what is the right way to think about margins for that business going forward?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, Kevin, yeah, Adam actually commented a little bit in the remarks also that looking quarter to quarter, obviously, you do have issues on seasonality and just timing related things in that the comparison year over year, it gives you a pretty strong view of how our margins are doing, which again, in both businesses from a base business standpoint are up nicely. When you look at Covance though to your point, sequentially, you move from kind of the first quarter to the second margins were down principally, related to COVID testing was down within that segment. The level of COVID vaccine and therapeutic studies was down compared to the first quarter. We had higher pass-throughs in the second quarter versus the first and obviously the tight labor market also impacting it. So a lot of things that will impact a quarter to quarter kind of change. What we commented on is that the second half margins within drug development, we expect to be higher than the first half and that for the full year, we expect it to be up over the prior year. So we feel good about how the business is leveraging the top line growth from the base business standpoint.
Kevin Caliendo: And just quick follow up to that. How much is wage pressure impacting both segments of the business. And do you expect that, how are you contemplating that within the guidance or how impactful has that been to your guidance so far?
Glenn Eisenberg: So of course we look at that closely. We've included what we think are the range of potential things that could occur within the guidance that we provided today. I think everybody's facing a tough labor market in most industries as we speak. And we're just going to have to continue to find ways through launchpad and other ways to reduce costs to cover that in the future. So we'll continue to find ways to take out costs in other areas, through things like virtual clinical trials and those types of things.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is not open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yeah. Hi, good morning. So a couple of questions here. First of all, when we think about the comparison for the base business for core testing versus 2019, I think you said it's up in the second quarter was up 4.5% versus 2Q baseline, can you maybe give us a little bit more details on how it progressed on a monthly basis and what are you seeing in the July run rate and what's embedded into second half guidance? And then secondly and you talked about the increase in labor costs and often with launchpad, any updates on what's going to affect launchpad. I think launchpad ends in 2021. What are kind of like your plans for the next round of cost savings?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah. So let me start Ricky with the base business. So, the diagnostics we saw the base business rebound nicely. And one thing is to look at revenue, which is what you stated, but the other thing is to look at volume. And for the first time, since the pandemic, we saw the volume increase in June of this year compared to June of 2019. So that's a good sign and it shows, continued recovery. As we look at July, it's still too early to give any sense of that. But our expectation throughout this year is that we will see continued volume and revenue growth versus 2019 and that will continue throughout this year.
Adam Schechter: And Ricky maybe just a couple of follow-on comments because as Adam said, we crossed over where our revenue and diagnostic base business really in the fourth quarter of last year was favorable to 2019 levels, but that was driven off of the price mix know we were seeing more tests per session that was making up for the volume shortfall. So June was a signal a month for us, if you will, as we now have crossed over with volume now comparing favorably as well as price mix continues to be higher than normal, but as we continue to progress through the rest of this year and obviously going forward, we expect those to fall more in line with kind of the historical patterns. As your comment on launchpad and really with the tight labor market in particular, but both businesses have launchpad initiatives. We completed drug development one at least publicly last year and this year we'll wrap up our diagnostics business, but that's part of an ongoing business process improvement initiative of the company every single year. We know we have just high inflationary costs as we go into every year and launchpad is really set to offset mitigate those rising costs. So continue to see a lot of opportunities to continue to drive productivity through technology, through the labor efficiency that will continue to help mitigate those costs going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Your line is now open.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. Certainly understand the fluidity of the backdrop, that the guidance is pretty wide for having seen the first half. I guess why keep it so wide and maybe help on assumptions particularly on the lower end that that seemed pretty hard to get to. And then just quickly also wanted to ask about it. I think you mentioned the number of average COVID tests per day in the second quarter was 54,000 is hoping you can give us, where the midpoint of guidance assumes for the back half around that. And if any color you can give on what you've seen over the last couple of weeks in terms of average tests per day on COVID thanks.
Adam Schechter: Yeah, I'll start with the test question and we can give you some context on the ranges. As we said, the average number of tests per day in the second quarter is 54,000. And if you look at the month of June, it actually was lower than the average of the 54,000. If you would've just trended based upon the June data, you would have been in the 35% to 50% reduction that we had been quoting for the beginning of the year in terms of tasks. But we saw a slight change with the Delta variant and we also saw the extension of the government saying that we're going to continue to be in an emergency situation. And those two things gave us confidence that the reduction in COVID test would be less than what we have originally had in the plan. And that's why we lowered and narrowed the guidance for COVID testing to 33% down to 38% down. So, we really did narrow that and provide some additional guidance there. If you look at those numbers, I know it's still a fairly wide range. It's gone from 33% to 38%, but there's a lot of different ways that you can actually get there. One is by number of tests. And if you start to think about the variant and what we're saying, will that continue. If you start to think about what could happen, if there's a strong flu season or mass or mandated again, in certain states, maybe the flu season will be very light like it was last year, and then the other is obviously price. And the question is, will there continue to be an emergency declaration as we go into the fourth quarter of this year? So what we've tried to do is kind of triangulate in all those different variables, and that's why we give you the range of 33% to 38%, which I think is a good reasonable range for us to be in with the uncertainties that still exist.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, Ralph, the only thing, I guess I would add to that is that what ranges are, we don't disagree this year or kind of wider than they would be in a normal year and just reflects the lack of visibility and the uncertainty that's ahead of us. Having said that with the new guidance that we provided, we've not only narrowed the ranges. So we've trumped the range given that we have six months remaining, we give annual guidance and more importantly, we've increased the call it the midpoints of all the key financial metrics that we guide to. So reflecting the company's performance. So when you look at the midpoint of a range, as you would expect, that's kind of where we see things if we were to have to kind of put in a point, but we then give the ranges around it because there was a lot of things that on the positive or the negative side that could occur overall. And as Adam said, with regards specifically to the COVID testing again, narrowing the range and improving it. But what we did see, which was the first time, which we didn't have when we gave our guidance last quarter, was that we've seen a sequential decline in COVID testing each month as we've gone through the year, as Adam said with June being the lower than the average for the quarter. For July was the first month, frankly, that we've seen the level of COVID testing higher than the prior month. And so obviously with the advent of the Delta virus the advent of the extension of the public health emergency gives us reason to feel now better about where we are with COVID testing for this year, then we did just have a quarter ago, but still with a lot of uncertainty that's ahead of us.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Justin Bowers: Hey, good morning, everyone. This is Justin Bowers on from Pito. Just shifting back to the diagnostics, the diagnostics business how should we think about 3Q versus 4Q and the base business? It sounds like you're back to at or above pre COVID volumes, but the question really is, should we -- does the guide kind of assume like normal kind of historic seasonality patterns or something different? And I'm asking because we're just hearing diversion messaging from hospitals and med tech companies. So trying to figure out where you guys stand on that.
Adam Schechter: Yeah. No, I think from our standpoint and why we kind of focus on the 2019 comparison, just to kind of get the back to the more normalcy, if you will. We're still obviously seeing a strong recovery as we compare to 2020, but similarly, when we look at a comp relative to 2020 last year, we saw the trough really being early in the year with the pandemic, and then it got better throughout the year, but we continue to expect to see good growth and favorable margins year on year compared to '20. So really taking a look back to '19 and to your point, diagnostics does definitely has seasonality to the business. So when you look at sequentially, you really have to look at holidays and where the days lay. So we do expect normal seasonal patterns to occur within diagnostics. Again, especially when you look at it relative to '19 more normal times. So from a call it a margin standpoint while we expect margins to be up year on year, we expect them to be flat to slightly down compared to 2019 because of the negative impact of Pama. As far as just the revenue growth we feel good that the volume, again, revenues have been up even compared to '19, but we're seeing the volumes pick up. So volumes will be positive which will be a continued trend, racing mixed should start to come down from where it's been again, as volumes pick up to get back to that more normal patterns, but again, good growth expectations for the second half of this year from volume and from favorable next. And obviously as we go into '22, expect that to continue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is not open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. A couple followups on the COVID outlook specifically, are you able to quantify where you ended that July on tests per day? I'm just curious what that step up, looks like, and then does the outlook bacon any back to school testing, I'm curious if you're starting to have discussions around bigger programs? And then lastly, I'm just curious on serology, latest thinking there, obviously a lot more discussion lately on anybody's potentially wearing off. And how are you thinking about it enough to consider in the back half of the year? Yeah,
Adam Schechter: Yeah. Thank you for the question. I think they're all important questions as we go through the rest of this year to next year. I'll start with the serology first. At the moment we have the ability to do as many serology tests as we would need to do. The CDC has not come out to recommend utilization of serology to try to understand titers. So therefore not many people are going for serology test so that we can do several thousands every day, but we're prepared to do as many as we may need, but we're also developing and have the ability to do T cell memory testing as well as semi quantitative testing, which ultimately might be helpful if you start to think about a tighter, that you might need to understand the weighting of effectiveness of vaccines over time. So what I would say is we are prepared for whatever might be necessary and we're building capacity to be ready for whatever that could be. My personal point of view is that I believe that serology testing over time will be more important, particularly if vaccination is not going to be every single year, if it could be less or more than a year and if it could be different by individuals, then I think you're going to need significant serology testing and that's why we continue to develop it. With regard to back to school, we're having a lot of discussions about back to school. We're prepared to do as PCR testing, as we may need for back to school, whether it be through individual tests or through pooling. But to be honest, they've really been discussions. We haven't seen a lot of schools willing to pull the trigger and say, we're going to put in a significant back to school testing program. So we're going to have to wait and see and even though we're having a lot of discussions within the range that we've provided up to down 33% to down 38%, there's multiple different ways you can get there. One would be a lot of back to school testing, but a lower price. Other ways it'd be not much back the school testing, but you could continue to have growth in other areas. And then the last thing I would say is, it's truly to give the end of July, but as we look at the first couple of weeks of July, we're certainly starting to see numbers that are not yet there, but closer to the average that we had the last quarter versus where we ended for the month of June.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. that's helpful. And then maybe one follow up just on a broader kind of decentralization theme. Obviously just spent a lot of capital place over the past year and in hospitals and smaller labs and physician offices, can you maybe just talk on the competitive dynamics whether you see that as a potential longer-term risk as they have to fall back on that COVID testing and think about broader flow through?
Adam Schechter: Yeah, again, if you look at COVID testing or molecular tests, and if you look at the number of molecular tests that we do as a percent of the total 530 million or so tests that we perform every year, it's still a very, very small amount. So even though there might be additional capacity in hospitals or laboratories for molecular types tests, it wouldn't have a significant impact on our overall business, frankly.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is not open. Hi, good morning
Derik De Bruin: So I know that and I know it's, tough enough to predict the second half of '20 let alone, sorry. of '21 let alone the looking at '22, but I just was wondering if the sort of your initial thoughts on sort of where the consensus estimates are. If I look at earnings estimates and you just words who have grown EPS by 10% off of your 2019 base, that gives you something around a $15 number for '22 and earnings the streets around $16, assuming some COVID and some other things like that. Is that, are you comfortable with sort of like where the consensus estimates are right now and just some, any sort of initial color on what you sort of think about the '22 at this point? Yeah.
Adam Schechter: Yeah. So the first thing I'd say there is that we're still working through 2021. We're obviously not providing guidance today for 2022, but the reason we're trying to break out our base business versus our covert testing is to really give you a better sense of how to start to think about 2021. And if you take up a base business, we expect to get back to normal growth rates that you would have seen prior to the pandemic. The part that we're still trying to figure out is what could COVID testing look like as we go to 2021? And that's the entire reason that we're giving you the different pieces to try to help think about it as we get there next year.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And if I can ask one follow up can you talk a little bit more about your oncology testing going on with that? Is that back as well? I know you talked about routine, testing me back as oncology back response. So we're hearing some mixed things in the market about demand is, and these are some of the, some of the other companies.
Adam Schechter: Yeah, what I would say is if you look at esoteric testing, which includes ecology that actually went down less than the other testing that we do more routine testing at the beginning of the pandemic. But as we stand here today, they both come back and, it looks about what you would expect. It's about a 60% to 40% breakout of our business, 60% on a more standard testing in revenue and about 40% on the esoteric, including oncology. So we see them both coming back. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Larew with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Matt Larew: Hi, good morning. You mentioned the test book session again, were a driver, but curious how that trended sequentially, because you mentioned that as a driver in Q1 as well, I guess I'm just trying to get a sense for whether things are normalizing or whether, if there's still some catch-up going on as patients, visit physicians, touch it for the first time.
Adam Schechter: I'll let Glenn give some specific, but in general, we expect a test for a session to come back to pre COVID levels over time, and we're already starting to see that a bit. But Glenn maybe you can give some additional context.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, no, it's exactly right. Sequentially the test per session impact was less than it was in the first quarter, but obviously the volume levels were much higher in the second quarter then than the first quarter as well. So you will ultimately get back to that more sense of normalcy over time.
Matt Larew: Okay. Now just on pixel, you've given some good data points here over the last couple of quarters on access and how that's improved. But can you share any data around what the patient uptake either volume or ever to contribution has looked like? And then maybe what the margin profile of pixel would look like relative to your traditional business?
Adam Schechter: Yeah. So if you look at pixel it ranges anywhere from 4% to maybe 8% at the peak of the percent of total PCR tests that we do. So it's a part of the armor where they have people that use it really appreciate it. It's now available in 6,000 Walgreens stores and things like Jordache and Instacart but it's been relatively consistent at about 4% or so of the total tests that we do and the margin isn't that different than other margins.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aaron Wright with Credit Swiss. Your line is now open.
Aaron Wright: Great. Thanks. What are you seeing in terms of the industry fundamentals across the Covance clinical business in terms of site accessibility, RFP flow, and in the nature of new business wins in the quarter, what was still COVID related work and you did mention the labor cost at Covance, and I'm curious if, if you anticipate seeing any partial offset from some of the disruption associated with some of the consolidation across your peers in this space and curious if that's something that's coming up with customers as well. Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Sure. I'll give you some additional context the business. The first thing I would say is about 80% of sites are currently open. So we still have sites around the world that have not yet fully open to allow us to go into help them enroll patients. But, we would expect continued improvement there as we go through the year. I would say though, I would've thought it would be a little bit further than where it is at the 80% right now. But the good news is the RFP flow is very strong and we continue to see a significant number of RFPs. I think we have a good chance to win many of those, and it's a very healthy flow of the RFPs that we're getting. And just to give you a sense, I mean, we were really pleased with our 1.41 trailing 12 month book to bill. And if you look at that, I mean, you kind of bring it to our backlog. Our backlog was $14.3 billion, and that was an increase of $300 million from the first quarter. It was also a 21% increase year over year. If you look at our trailing 12 month net orders, they were almost $8 billion and they were up almost 30% year over year. So, with that performance and the continued RFPs that we're seeing, we believe that there's continued significant growth opportunities before us. And then Glenn I don't know if you want to talk any more about the labor costs that we're seeing, but we're seeing that. And we're hearing that not just in drug development, but across different industries, diagnostics, drug development, it's something that we're dealing with. I think we're doing a good job dealing with it, but we're going to have to continue to find ways to reduce costs in other areas as we go through. And then the last thing I would say is if you -- you asked COVID and the percent of our net orders it's, still relatively small, it's less than 3% of our backlog and it's about 7.5% of our net orders over the past four quarters. So overall it's small.
Aaron Wright: Okay, great. And just one quick follow-up on the PLN in preferred lab networks, can you give us an update on that front and how that's helping to potentially kind of steer lab volume? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: So we were added to the PLN for the third year in a row. Unfortunately, with COVID, I don't think there's been a ton of progress made in appeal and it makes a lot of sense and I believe over time it will be the right thing to do and our customers move in that direction. But I've been saying for a couple of years now that I believe we'll have a better answer at the end of the year and then with COVID and everything else has been very difficult to measure or to actually execute on. So we'll continue to provide updates when it becomes meaningful. At this point we're glad that we're on there. We have a great relationship with our colleagues at United and we'll continue to work with them and where we can to help reduce costs and give high quality diagnostic testing.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Ann Hynes with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Ann Hynes: Great. Thank you. I just want to know if you can give any detail on revenue per test for PCR testing and also serology. Also there was increased speculation that the public health emergency might be extended into 2022. If so, do you think labs could maintain the elevated COVID pricing in that scenario? Yep.
Adam Schechter: Hi, and thanks for the question. If you look at our domestic testing that we do, the price is still in the high eighties, just below 90 frankly. So we continue to maintain a very good price in the United States. If the emergency does move into the next year, I think it will help us with price. Price is going to continue to be under pressure. It's under pressure now. We continue to have a lot of discussions with our colleagues and payers but having emergency declared is certainly a help and enables us to continue to provide the testing that we need. The one thing that's interesting I mentioned before that we continue to keep the capacity that we have despite the fact that it impacts our margins to some degree. And part of the way we're able to do that is because of the emergency and the pricing that we're able to get for this test. If we were in a normal time period, we might've reduced certain things as we saw the total number of tests through the second quarter decline every month. I'm so glad we didn't do that because when all of a sudden there was a significant increase because the Delta variant, we were able to respond. We kept our one day on average turnaround time. And we're going to continue to do that, but the emergency declaration and the price certainly is helpful for us to be able to do that.
Ann Hynes: And just one follow up. I know that the school opportunity is still an unknown, but if it becomes to fruition, I'm assuming that that revenue per test would be a little lower. Do you have a range what that would be just for modeling purposes, if we wanted to put anything on our models?
Adam Schechter: Yeah, I would say, it depends. If it's a pool pass, you could put 10 people in one test that would be different than if it's an individual test. So really it would depend on the type of testing they would want to do. But I would agree with you that if you're doing surveillance, then it's harder to have the same pricing then when you're actually testing people that are exposed or that have symptoms.
Adam Schechter: Okay. So I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning and spending time with us. It's clear that the second quarter was a very strong one across the enterprise, and that enabled us to increase our full year guidance. I want to thank all of our dedicated employees around the world. Their tireless efforts in their pursuit of answers really have demonstrated our mission to improve health and improve lives around the world. And I'm very grateful for the colleagues that we have that are doing that. As the Delta variant continues to progress and other variants emerge, I encourage everybody to get vaccinated. I really encourage people to get vaccinated as quickly as possible if you're eligible and to stay diligent and vigilant about the disease and the pandemic. We're all in this together. So I look forward to talking to you soon and everybody have a great day. Thank you,
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 14:59:17) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Labcorp Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call. . I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Chas Cook. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Chas Cook: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to Labcorp's First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Chas. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Our focus continues to be on bringing innovations to market that help improve people's health and lives. As you'll see from our first quarter results, doing so can generate strong growth and returns for our shareholders. I'm going to begin by covering our overall performance in the first quarter, which is very strong across all of our businesses.  Revenue increased 47% versus the same period in 2020. While a good amount of growth can be attributed to COVID testing, we also delivered 15% year-over-year growth in our base business. In Diagnostics and Drug Development, base business revenue increased 8% and 24%, respectively, from the prior year. Our drug development book-to-bill remains very strong and reached 1.47 for the trailing 12 months. Our adjusted EPS of $8.79 represents significant growth from last year. And we generated $1.1 billion of free cash flow in the quarter. That's up from $97 million in the first quarter of 2020. Our first quarter results and our improved outlook for the year enabled us to increase our full year guidance. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our first quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with an update on our 2021 full year guidance.  Revenue for the quarter was $4.2 billion, an increase of 47.4% over last year due to organic revenue growth of 45%, acquisitions of 0.9% and favorable foreign currency translation of 140 basis points. The increase in organic revenue was driven by COVID testing of 32.9% and organic base business growth of 12.2%. Operating income for the quarter was $1.1 billion or 25.4% of revenue. 
Operator: Are you there?
Glenn Eisenberg: There we go, operator. We can hear you.
Operator: Sorry about that. I don't know what happened. You could continue.
Glenn Eisenberg: Okay. I think we've completed our formal remarks, and we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: . And your first question comes from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan: I wanted to start with the Covance performance. So I was calculating new awards up 60% year-over-year, which would make Labcorp #1 so far in the quarter. So Adam, I was wondering, is that math right? Were there any chunky awards to call out? And can you maybe talk about the relative performance of each of the businesses within Drug Development?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Jack, no, your math is about right, and we're very pleased with the performance of all the businesses, frankly, Diagnostics and each of the businesses in Drug Development. Central Laboratory was particularly strong, but we saw good growth in early stage as well in late-stage. And as I mentioned on previous calls, we had recently won some larger pharmaceutical clients that are helping with our book-to-bill. So if you look at our book-to-bill, it reached a record of 1.47 for the trailing 12 months. And the total backlog, as you said, grew to $13.97 billion. And I'll just add to that, that only a very small percent of that backlog is related to COVID work. So it's really related to the other therapeutic areas.
Jack Meehan: Great. And maybe building off that, Glenn, you mentioned in the prepared remarks how the stacked growth is somewhere in the mid-teens. As you think about how this backlog growth is going to convert over the next year or a few years, how do you think the near-term trend rate for Covance is looking? Are you going to have tough comps as we're looking out a year from now? Or do you think there's just a lot of work to burn through for some time?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, we have seen over the past several quarters a little bit of a decline in the conversion rate. We're now at around 33%. And it's, as you know, relative to the mix of business that we're doing, more oncology work that we're seeing, good growth in our backlog, as Adam commented. So right now, we continue to have a lot of good momentum. Our orders continue to be very strong. We're building up a very strong backlog, again, at $14 billion. So nothing from our view long term would change. Obviously, in the first quarter especially, you'll see kind of a really strong growth rate in part because of the COVID-related vaccine and therapeutic studies that we have that at some point will obviously start to taper off.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Credit Suisse.
Erin Wright: Great. Another one on the Covance business here. There's obviously a ton of promotion in the CRO space right now. What are you seeing in terms of opportunities from some of the potential disruption there, whether it's win rates or employee recruitment? And on the flip side of that, does the ongoing strategic review change any of your own relationships with customers? I assume it doesn't, given the latest bookings trends that you just posted. But do you see also further consolidation across the CRO space from here? Or do you see the need to add scale to the Covance business as always, a controversial topic.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So first of all, Erin, thanks for the questions. Whenever you have large-scale integrations or mergers and consolidation, you see some interruption of business. So we're going to be prepared to take advantage of whatever is out there in terms of disruption distractions of companies that are being acquired or that are going through the significant integrations. Integrations are just hard to do.  We've said all along that we believe that there was going to be additional consolidation in the industry. So it's not a surprise to us. I mean we're aware of the marketplace and all the competitors. And obviously, we know what's happening. At the same time, we've always said you need a certain level of critical mass to be successful. And the good news is we have that critical mass. And as you said, Erin, you can see it in our numbers. You can see it in the strength of our book-to-bill, you can see it in the strength of our ability to continue to grow in the Covance business. So we know the industry, we know the other players very well. And that's a great thing about Labcorp. I mean everybody comes and talks to us. At the same time, we feel like we're in a very strong position.  With regard to your second question was, as we go through a strategic review, we're focused on executing in the marketplace. And we're not going to lose focus and we're not going to spend time in the vast majority of our organization, they're just meeting the needs of our clients and our customers every single day. It's going to be the Board, the management team that are working together to do this thorough review. And We're not going to distract the largest parts of our organization. We're going to keep them focused on delivering. Hopefully, you see that our execution in the marketplace has been really strong across Diagnostics and Drug Development. It's been strong with everything we're doing for COVID. It's been strong in our base business. I mean our base business for the overall grew 15%, and the base business for Diagnostics was up 8%. Drug Development was up 24%. So you see strength there. That's because we're so focused on executing on the needs of our customers. And we're going to continue to do that while we also perform the strategic review.
Erin Wright: Okay. And switching over to the Diagnostics segment. I guess, in your view, how has the competitive landscape changed as we emerge from the pandemic here with some emerging smaller labs and other entities stepping up investments and testing capabilities? Does this change any of your outlook from a consolidation standpoint at this point across the core clinical lab space?
Adam Schechter: Yes. And a couple of parts to answer. The first thing is that if you look at people that have built capabilities to do COVID testing, those are really doing molecular testing. Molecular testing is a very, very small part of the 530 million or so tests that Labcorp does a year. So no matter how much capacity is out there for molecular testing, I don't think that there would be a significant impact to our business with new competition that can do some molecular tests.  What I do believe is that some of those competitors are not going to be able to make it with just COVID testing as we've seen the number of tests per day go down. And therefore, I believe there will continue to be consolidation in the industry. And frankly, that's something that we'll continue to look at. We've always said that acquiring local laboratories or hospital laboratories, even regional laboratories are a great way for us to use our capital. We know how to integrate those. They return their cost of capital very quickly, and they're accretive typically in the first year. So we'll look for opportunities for continued consolidation, but not just in the smaller new competitors, but also in the hospitals and other laboratories.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with Wells Fargo.
Dan Leonard: Another question on the Drug Development business, big growth year-on-year in the new awards but off of a lower base. Can you comment on the book-to-bill ratio in the quarter? And on your upper trailing 12, but specifically for the quarter and if you felt like you were winning your pro rata share of bookings and anything to be aware of on the monthly trend front?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Dan, it's Glenn. As you know, we do a book-to-bill on a trailing 12 number, and again, a record level of 1 4 7. So it's picked up nicely from the prior trailing 12 months. So obviously, it implies, obviously, a very good quarter. We tend not to give the quarterly numbers because we don't want it to be focused on the quarter. Obviously, this is done over the years, but it's fair to say that we feel we had a very good quarter, and it was enough to meaningfully bump up our trailing 12-month level.
Adam Schechter: And I would also say, Dan, is if you look at RFPs, they continue to be coming in strong. If you look at investment from pharma and biotech, it continues to be strong. And we continue to win at a minimum, our share move even a bit better.
Dan Leonard: And then my follow-up, can you elaborate a bit more on the drivers of the organic growth in your base business in Diagnostics? It seems like the health care system hasn't fully normalized yet, doing 6% organic is better than industry. So maybe if there's more granular detail you could offer on the drivers there.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, Dan, we've been really pleased with the pace of the recovery in Diagnostics, frankly, coming in a little stronger than what we would have expected, which, again, is one of the reasons we've increased the guidance that we have for Diagnostics. When you look at the breakup of the, call it, the 6% plus organic revenue growth, volumes are still down year-on-year. They were down around 1.3% but actually would have been favorable if you took out the negative impact from weather.  So we've really started to see the trend change. And when you think about it, not too surprising when you're comping now at the end of the first quarter to the beginning of the pandemic impact last year. But what we're equally pleased to see is that the volume levels continue to improve while still be down from 2019 pre-pandemic levels. Low single digits as well.  And so while revenue continues to be up year-on-year to '20, while revenues continue to be up compounded compared to '19, kind of a normalized year, volumes are still a little bit down. And our expectation continues to be that the volume levels will now start to kind of kick in above '19 levels, call it at the middle of the year. But the good news is that we -- while volumes are still a little bit soft compared to historical levels, we're making that up on our price/mix, which we're attributing more to the number of tests we're doing because we report volume on an accession basis. So maybe fewer visits to the physicians, but they're doing more tests for each of those visits, but good momentum that we're continuing to see.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: You mentioned in your prepared comments, capital allocation would accelerate over the course of the year. Is the strategic review part -- was that the reason why there wasn't really much capital deployed in 1Q? Your buyback was $69 million. M&A was $34 million. And then I guess, the second half of that is, how should we really think about capital deployment in total, meaning is there a target in terms of buybacks? Is there a target -- total allocation been built into these numbers?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Kevin, to your point, what we've said in our guidance overall is that the free cash flow that we're going to generate this year, call it, the $1.8 billion to $2 billion, we expect to deploy between M&A and share repurchases. We tend to start off slower in the first quarter, just historically, even with our buyback program just to let the year a little bit unfold and see what the M&A opportunities are there. We continue, as Adam said, to have really a strong pipeline of M&A transactions. The reason why we said we were accelerating especially on the share repurchase side because we can obviously you unilaterally control that, is that with 1 quarter under our belt 3 to go, we still have that midpoint of 1.9 to fully deploy. So you would normally expect that instead of it just being done all towards the end of the year, you'll start to see a pickup. But we're encouraged with the pipeline of deals that we feel we can do. We're encouraged, obviously, that we'll continue to redeploy our capital with M&A. And from our perspective, we're on track with what we were expecting to see happen.
Adam Schechter: And Kevin, just to give you a sense of how we think about it. I mean, we've always said that local hospitals, regional or laboratories, local laboratories, those would be things that we would look to acquire. And as I said before, they're accretive in the first year, return cost of capital in a couple of years, and we know how to integrate those really well. We then look for strategic acquisitions that are typically tuck-ins like we did with Global Care last year, Snap IoT that helped us with our decentralized clinical trials. There may be some things in oncology or other parts of our strategy where we want to reinforce our position, and that's the second place we look. And then, of course, we're opportunistic with the buybacks. And we look at all 3 of those.
Kevin Caliendo: Okay. And just 1 follow-up. One quick follow-up is the -- is the biggest delta between the high end and low end of your guidance still PCR volumes? Or is there something else that would sort of be the biggest net mover of earnings for the rest of the year?
Glenn Eisenberg: Well, again, if you're -- one of the reasons, again, we've broken out the guidance between our underlying base business and the COVID testing is such that we can give various ranges for the 2. And clearly, there's a little bit more uncertainty visibility, if you will, on the level of PCR testing depending on what's going on with, obviously, the pandemic and how it impacts. So from our perspective, when we gave that range, we've said 2 things. That it's going to be a combination of different volume levels, but also potentially different levels of pricing. So right now, we obviously had a very strong first quarter relative to PCR volumes, 112,000 tests per day. But we ended the quarter at kind of the 80,000 test per day level. So you can see that we continue to see and expect that volume levels will continue to trail down. But again, we'll see if it picks up again, if you will. But at the midpoint, we're clearly considering that the volumes will come down.  And there's also pricing. With CMS, we've always held to the pricing on the reimbursement We continue to do that. At some point, that pricing may change. CMS may change their pricing reimbursement. So there's just a lot of variability. So at this point, we continue to do. We have all the capacity there. Our turnaround times are extremely strong. And so we're just meeting the needs that are out there.
Adam Schechter: And Kevin, I think the good news is that our base business is strong. And that's why we're able to increase the guidance in both of our base businesses. And frankly, that's the long-term success that we expect to have in the base business.  If you look at the PCR testing today and you looked at our range between down 35% and down 50%, you would actually get closer to down 50% today versus the 35%. But let's see what happens because in November, there could be another outbreak of the flu, and therefore, a lot of people might come in for PCR tests. Where we have back to school and the kids are going back to school, whether be large-scale screening. So that's why we've given ranges in both, and that's where we have a much broader range for PCR testing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe: I want to probe a little more into the guidance and more around trying to figure out baseline earnings this year, excluding COVID. I know midpoint of guidance, you said COVID revenue, $1.6 billion. But it sounds like you're trending towards sort of the lower end of that. But even if I take that sort of lower end, based on my math, I'm still coming up with maybe $6 to $7 of EPS contribution. Do you think it's a fair ballpark?
Glenn Eisenberg: Again, there it's -- we guide to the revenue. Obviously, we've talked a little bit about kind of the leverage that we get on that volume for PCR depending upon the pricing. So we've talked about it being kind of north of our 65% incremental leverage on PCR volumes. Kind of comparable, but a little bit north of what we would normally have seen like on incremental volume from weather, if you will. So as Adam said, when we gave our guidance, we give a range. Obviously, the midpoint is kind of where the most expectations. But clearly, we could see our way to getting higher at the upper end and other things that could be headwinds on the lower end.  The reason we commented on the PCR one is that it's a little bit south of the center point is because, one, that's what we're currently seeing on the trends. But two, as Adam said, we could see it pick up again. So we were just trying to provide some color. And given where the extension of the public health emergency continues to go out, if it gets extended again, that could reinforce better pricing than what -- that would hold our pricing, which would be an improvement because we do assume in some of the scenarios we'll see lower pricing overall.  But when you look at our earnings, and it's kind of interesting, we obviously had a very solid first quarter and you compare it to, call it, the midpoint of the guidance that we give for earnings for the year, we had a much higher percentage of earnings than we would historically do. We tend to try to track not this precisely, but let's say, 1/4 of our earnings would normally be -- or 1 quarter, a quarter of the year. Here, we did around 40% of our earnings. And frankly, in the second quarter, I think it's fair to say It will be a strong quarter relative to the full year as well because we're still going to have another strong quarter of COVID testing, even though it will be less than what we saw in the first quarter.  From our standpoint, the bigger question will be the second half of the year, which was really where we do expect to see a decline in volumes and potentially a declining in pricing. But there's still that uncertainty out there that could potentially be upside if the volume levels hold up greater and the pricing holds up greater. But there's just a wide range of outcomes.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up question. Any update on school testing, I guess, broadly? And then more specifically on the K3 program that I think is going to be announced shortly, could you just help us -- did you guys bid for a coordinator role in 4 regions? Or will you just be 1 of the up to 10, I guess, labs to serve the program? And is there any way to sort of size or frame the opportunity as you see it?
Adam Schechter: No, it's a great question. And we did bid on certain regions, and we do expect that we would be 1 of the labs, irrespective if we have 1 of the hubs or not. So we expect to be involved in both, but we'll see as it plays out. At the minimum, it's hard to imagine where you wouldn't need the capacity and the capabilities we have for the testing itself. It's really going to come down to how many schools want to implement the screening. And as more and more people are vaccinated, as more parts of the country are opening up, I mean, almost fully in certain parts of the country, it's hard to tell to be honest, how many schools are going to say, we're going to want to screen on a fairly often basis all of our students.  So we -- as we said, that's why we have this broad kind of guidance between down 35% and down 50%. We're turning more down towards the 50%. But if the schools were bigger and actually do a lot of testing, well, then we did go the other way in the range. But right now, we're not expecting that to be a very significant amount. And that's why we kept the range where it is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser: First question on the Diagnostics side. If we think about the base business, organic growth for core business was up 70 basis points when you adjust for the weather. I suspect there was also sort of an impact of the light flu season that contributed there. So i.e., that if we normalize for that, core testing would have been even higher. Maybe you can give us a sense of those dynamics. And also, one thing that's very clear from all the details you're giving is that you are growing faster than your closest competitor, both on core testing and on PCR testing. And while some of it could be geographic, I think that core testing would grow faster geographically, PCR testing not. So can you talk a little bit about share dynamics that you're seeing?
Adam Schechter: Yes, Ricky. So a couple of things. First of all, Our base business, as you say, is very strong. And it's strong across Diagnostics for Drug Development and frankly, each area of Drug Development. When you look at the diagnostics, we're seeing that people are coming back to the more routine health care. And if you look at the volume and you compare it to 2019, it's only down in the low single digits now versus if you look at the end of last year, it was in the mid- to upper single digits. So we've seen continued improvement in people coming back to the routine test.  The other thing that we're seeing is that for each blood draw, that there's more tests being run in that blood draw than historically happened. And the question is, will that be maintained? We are hypothesizing that some people have been out of health care for a while. So when they finally do go to their doctor or telemedicine, they're doing a lot of tests just to check on people's overall health, and therefore, that might not continue over time. But on the other hand, it may. And we're going to have to watch that closely in terms of how many tests per accession we see over time.  There's no doubt that the Diagnostic team is executing extraordinarily well in the marketplace. The team is focused. They're energized. They're doing a great job. They've worked through COVID. Our sales folks were out there the entire time doing whatever they could where doctors' offices were open, doing things remotely. One of our platforms for our key pillars of our strategy was digitalization. So we were able to do a lot of things digitally through the pandemic that historically we would not have been able to do. So I agree with your assessment that we're performing well in the marketplace versus others.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And then on the CRO business, I mean, the one thing that I think that we're clearly seeing from the industry consolidation is that scale matters more and more. Your competitors are becoming bigger. So just kind of like any thoughts of how you think about Covance core clinical scale, excluding the Central Lab business. And just kind of like how you think that competitive environment is going to evolve.
Adam Schechter: Yes. No. So first of all, I'd say, if you look at the 3 pieces of our business, and I'll break them quite individually. If you look at our early-stage business, we have scale. And we're strong and we're a leader in that business, and it performs very well. If you look at our central laboratory business, we're a leader there as well. We have scale, we can compete. And I've said all along that we have the scale that we need in late-stage clinical trials. That's the area that as you get more trials, you can scale the quickest. And you can do that to some degree organically. You don't necessarily have to scale in clinical trials inorganically. So for example, we wanted to have more capabilities in China and Japan, we were able to build scale for clinical development in those countries fairly quickly. So we see what's happening in the marketplace. We understand the marketplace well. We understand the importance of scale. And to me, it's a certain level of scale you need to have and then you can be successful. And I believe we have the level of scale across each of our three businesses that we need.
Ricky Goldwasser: And then one last question. I wanted to follow up on what you said. You said that you're seeing more people coming back to do routine health care. Acuity is something that the market is very, very focused on. And you see sort of what type of tests are being ordered, which I think are positively correlated or correlation with acuity level. Any sense there in terms of what type of tests you're seeing being ordered?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So Ricky, so we've seen all of the business come back, whether it be our base business or it'd be our esoteric business. In the first quarter, we saw a little bit more of the base business coming back. We think it was probably because people were getting physicals and the year was starting. It's typical to see that base business perform a bit better in the first quarter. Esoteric business continues to be pretty consistent because when people need to get one of those tests, they get it irrespective of the time of the year. So there's not a really significant difference versus what we would expect to see.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tanquilut from Jefferies.
Brian Tanquilut: Just thinking about your comments on pricing expectations later in the year. Thinking out COVID, how are you thinking about the durability of pricing in the base business ex the COVID testing that we're seeing right now?
Adam Schechter: Brian, when I look at the business, the pricing is always under some pressure, but it's pretty asymptotic. It doesn't tend to be significantly more pressure over time than not. And the pricing is pretty stable. I feel good about our volume. I feel good about our pricing as we go into the future. Obviously, PAMA right now, we're having our base case that there'll be an impact next year. And we expect that will be about the same as it was in 2019, around $100 million mark. But at the same time, we think that there's ways to get through that and be able to be successful through that.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. The only thing, too, Brian, that I'd add is I agree that from a unit pricing standpoint, exactly as Adam has conveyed it. When we talk about price, we also do price mix. And so as you see that the volume levels are coming back, you'll see the price mix come down a little bit. Again, when you think about it and now those people are going to the physician's office more normally, you'll start to see a more normal cadence of how many tests per session they would have. So especially as we continue to grow, when we talk about a normal historical growth rate of kind of 2% to 3%, if you will, in, call it, the organic revenue with 1% to 2% coming from volume, one from price. So we normally always still do expect to have a contribution from favorable price mix. But given that the volume levels have been negative from year-over-year comparisons, we've seen an unusually high price/mix. So again, as we get more to normal, so you'll see both kind of fall back into where we would normally expect it to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Larew with William Blair.
Matthew Larew: Given some goalposts around what you expect  molecular look like in 2021. But do you have a sense or maybe give us some sort of wider goalpost around what it could look like in 2022? Do you think potentially down another 50%? And then the second piece of that would be, you talked about leveraging the experience and expertise you've gained through COVID. But what about sort of the substantial footprint and capacity that you've built out to meet COVID demand? How do you leverage that moving forward?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you, Matt. So it's hard to predict where 2021 is going to end up. That's why we have such a broad range. It makes it even more difficult to predict 2022. What I would say is part of it is going to depend on how long the vaccines work for. Are we going to need a booster shot every year? Is it going to last for several years? Part of it is going to depend on how tough the flu seasons are. So there's still a lot of unknowns as we go to 2022. I mean I would expect there will still be testing for COVID in 2022 that we'll be doing. The level of which will be determined to some degree by the vaccines. But on the other hand, if the vaccines last a longer period of time, will we need to do more serology tests? Will we need to do more T cell testing? I think that the story is still going to be written as we learn more scientifically. And PCR testing will play a role, but serology and/or T cell, another test may play a very different role as we go into 2022 and beyond.  With regard to the testing capabilities that we've built, the machinery, we can still use a lot of that. I mean we use it for our other tests. There might be some excess capacity that has to be written off over time. But for us, it wouldn't be a significant issue where others that all they do is COVID testing and all they've done is build capacity for that, I think they'll have a significant issue. We're in very good shape there, frankly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: So I wanted to follow up on the longer-term COD testing you were just discussing. So I wanted to say where do you think the testing for is for reference labs in the long term given the vaccine rollout but also more variants come in. And also the testing decentralization happening right now? And then a follow-up for related question for that is for the excess capacity in the future from all of this testing roll-off. I wanted to see if you could comment more on what sort of maybe strategic tuck-ins in the testing side that you'll be focusing on?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So again, with the longer-term COA testing, it's early to understand exactly how that's going to play out. Part of it is going to depend on vaccines, but part of it will also depend on if we have good therapeutics. So for example, if we get to next year and it's a big flu season, And if somebody gets COVID, they still have a high likelihood of being hospitalized and/or dying from COVID. I think people are going to want to use a molecular PCR test and have it done by us. If there's great therapeutics and if people get COVID, they end up not being hospitalized and they can be managed from their home and it's more like the flu, then I think you might find more testing that's done in physicians' offices. So really, it's going to depend on how the science plays out. I assume there will be some testing needed in the long term that we'll be doing. But obviously, it will be significantly less over time than what we've done in the past.  To me, the real question continues to be, will there be a role for serology? Will we need to know if people are still immune to the disease or are vaccinated and have titers at the right level for the disease. And there might be other tests in the future that play a more important role than they do today, and we'll have to continue to watch that.  The last thing I'd say is with regard to capacity in the future, I've seen some countries that are going to use that capacity to do significantly more screening for things like HCV or HIV, things where molecular tests are done routinely today, but they're routinely done to diagnose versus the screen. So there might be some opportunities to do those types of things. But in general, as I said, molecular testing is a very small amount of the 530 million tests or so that we do every year. And therefore, for us, it's not going to be a significant issue. I feel very optimistic as I look at our base businesses moving forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.
Justin Bowers: This is Justin Bowers on for Pito. And nice strength across both segments this quarter. But digging into diagnostics a little more, can you give us a sense of what you saw across different regions of the country. And then as you look at your different customer base, whether it's like physician order test or reference labs, can you tell us what inform us what trends are like in the quarter there? And then lastly, where are you guys tracking now on daily PCR tests versus kind of where you exited in March?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So some of the first thing I'll answer the last question first. We exited the quarter averaging around 80,000 tests per day. We averaged for the quarter about 113,000 tests per day. So you saw a continued decline.  With regard to geographical differences, weather was probably a bigger impact than other things. So when we saw the Northeast get hit by weather, there was a 2% impact. A lot of it came from where the weather was, obviously. In Texas, we saw a significant issue with what was occurring there at some point when electricity was out for a week. So it was more driven, I believe, by that than it was differences in other testing. Obviously, you're going to see some differences by geography as different parts of the country open up in different ways at different times. But frankly, you saw strength pretty much across all parts of the country when you compare it to where we were at the end of last year.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions.
Adam Schechter: Okay. So thank you, everybody, for joining us today. I'll end by saying we remain optimistic about the progress against the virus, albeit certain parts of the world continue to be impacted significantly, and our thoughts are with them as they continue to go through the devastation from the virus. But in the U.S., we are very optimistic about where we are and how things are progressing.  We are very pleased to see our base businesses perform well across every single area of our business. And we're seeing that as people go back to the normal lives and their normal health care routines in the United States, but we're also seeing pharma and biotech colleagues begin to perform their important research and development, particularly in therapeutic areas outside of COVID.  As you can see, our first quarter was very strong. It was a strong quarter of performance. I think we executed in the marketplace very well. We look forward to continuing to execute on our mission to improve health and improve lives, and we look forward to talking with you soon. Thanks for the time today.
Operator: Thank you for participating. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 14:25:16) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to LabCorp's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce Vice President of Investor Relations, Clarissa Willett.
Clarissa Willett: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's fourth quarter 2020 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, in the Investor Relations section of our website we posted both our press release and an Investor Relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to 2021 guidance and the related assumptions including the projected impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the companys businesses, operating results, cash flows and/or financial conditions, our responses to and the expected future impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business more generally as well as on general, economic, business and market conditions. Each of the forward-looking statements is based upon current expectations and is subject to change based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in the companys other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. And now I'll turn the call over to Adam Schechter.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Clarissa. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Before I cover 2020 results, I want to first thank Clarissa for her leadership in Investor Relations for the last several years. Clarissa has been promoted to lead our revenue cycle management team, which is a very important role. I also want to take this opportunity to welcome Chas Cook, who has been appointed to Vice President of Investor Relations, and will continue to strengthen the foundation built upon by the IR team. Chad has been a strong leader in our finance organization since he joined LabCorp in 2018. Moving now to 2020 results. 2020 will be remembered for many things, including the fight against COVID and the tragic loss that it brought. It also emphasizes the critical importance of frontline healthcare workers and scientists, amongst others.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our fourth quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with our 2021 guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $4.5 billion, an increase of 52% over last year due to organic revenue growth of 50.1%, acquisitions of 0.9% and favorable foreign currency translation of 100 basis points. The increase in organic revenue was driven by COVID testing of 46.4% and organic base business growth of 3.7%, which includes the negative impact from PAMA of 0.6%. Operating income for the quarter was $1.3 billion or 28.8% of revenue compared to $336 million or 11.4% last year. During the quarter, we had $46 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily due to COVID-related costs and acquisition integration charges. We also had $91 million of amortization, which was higher than recent quarters. As part of our new branding initiative, we are transitioning out of the Covance trading. As a result, we are accelerating the amortization of its trade name over the next year. Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $1.4 billion or 31.8% of revenue compared to $422 million or 14.3% last year. The increase in adjusted operating income and margin was primarily due to COVID testing, organic base business growth, acquisitions and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by PAMA, higher personnel costs and investments to support the company's new branding initiative. The tax rate for the quarter was 24.5% compared to 22.4% last year. The adjusted tax rate, excluding restructuring charges, special items and amortization, was 24.8% compared to 22.9% last year. The higher adjusted rate was primarily due to the geographic mix of earnings. For modeling purposes, we expect the company's adjusted tax rate for 2021 to be comparable to 2020 at approximately 25%. This does not include any potential increase in the federal tax rate in 2021. Net earnings for the quarter were $938 million or $9.54 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS, which exclude amortization, restructuring charges and special items were $10.56 in the quarter, up from $2.86 last year. Operating cash flow was $775 million in the quarter, compared to $570 million a year ago. The increase in operating cash flow was due to higher cash earnings, partially offset by higher working capital to support growth. The higher working capital was primarily due to the increase in accounts receivables and supplies related to COVID testing.
Operator:  Our first question comes from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan: I was wondering if you could start and just provide a little additional color on the assumption in the guidance for 2021 COVID testing. By my math, it seems that it assumes the COVID sales are going to be essentially zero in the second half of the year. I think that's a world we all want to live in, but I'm not sure if that's exactly how it's going to play out. So it would just be great to be a little bit more on your philosophy there.
Adam Schechter: Hi, Jack. Good morning and thanks for the question. The reason we had to give such a wide range, minus 35% to minus 50% for the testing is because, as you say, it's very difficult to have precision. And you could get to the minus 35% to minus 50% in several different ways. Right now, we've seen a decline in tests, if you look at the last several weeks versus the end of 2020. If that decline continued, and then you saw it continue throughout the whole year, you could get there. If the amount of testing we're doing today, on average, was maintained for the six months of this year - in the first six months, well, then you could do zero for the second half of the year and still be there. So there are multiple different ways to get there. My assumption going in is that the price is going to remain at where it is right now. So right now, it's $100. We're still in the emergency situation. That's been extended through the year. You have to hit the CMS guidelines, which is basically for the previous month. You have to have more than 50% at a two-day turnaround. And then they look at each sample for the current month. We're well within that range. I mean right now, we did 275,000 tests a day. We're not doing anywhere near that in our turnaround times about a day. So, I expect that the price you should assume is still about what we've averaged until now. I think for this quarter, it was about $90 on average. It then comes down to the volume. And I assume that the volume is going to continue to decline, albeit maybe at a lower rate than we saw from the end of last year into this year. And then for the second half of the year, they'll be significantly less than the first half of this year. That's our base case assumption.
Glenn Eisenberg : And Jack, just to reinforce it, too, one of the reasons we did break out the level of COVID testing separate from our Base Business, just given that we put a wider range around something that we feel is more uncertain versus, frankly, having better visibility on just the performance of our Base Business.
Jack Meehan: Yes, I like the way you laid it out. I think it's helpful just for teasing out the parts. On that last point on the base business, Glenn, I was wondering if you could provide some more color. I think saw a little bit of the same dynamic from last quarter where it looks like maybe there's some mix benefit or additional test per rec. What's going on there between kind of core volume versus mix?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, Jack. As you saw from a revenue standpoint, what was nice is that we saw the 0.5% growth in revenues in the quarter. So it's the first time we've seen the positive to your point, it's a combination that we still saw lower volumes down 7.7%, but still that's an improvement as we trended through the earlier parts of the year. And it was more than offset by favorable price/mix and we continue to see an unusually high level of favorable mix, primarily driven by higher test prerecession. So the feeling is with the fewer visits that patients are going, they're conducting more tests per visit that they're going through. So again, as we think going forward and reflected in the guidance is we'll continue to see over time, the pickup in our base volumes. But with that, you'll see the core level core lever, if you will. You'll start to see that favorable mix start to come back down to more historical levels.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with Wells Fargo.
Dan Leonard: So first question, can you talk about on the drug development business, the contribution of COVID trials to either sales or bookings and the outlook there?
Glenn Eisenberg : Yes, absolutely. Thanks for the question. So first thing is, if you look at the drug development business which is 16%, but if you take out the PCR testing, we had growth of 8.4% which was strong growth and we did well across all of our businesses. If you look at COVID right now, basically, the COVID trials accounted for about 12% of our net orders, if you look at the last 3 quarters. So you can see that it's meaningful, but a lot of our growth is coming from outside of COVID trials. And we mentioned in the last quarter that we won a large pharma's oncology book of business. I think that's helpful to us, but also we've won another pharma's non-oncology business. So we continue to show strength outside of COVID, which is very important as we move forward to the base business. That's what gives us confidence as we look at the range we provided for the drug development business for this year.
Dan Leonard: And then just a follow-up on the Diagnostics business. Adam, you mentioned the work with the CDC on sequencing for COVID surveillance. How do we think about the economics of that or frame that? Is that - could that be a meaningful part of your business? Or is it - or were you just trying to emphasize the high science there? Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So right now, we're doing a couple of thousand sequences a week for the CDC. We can increase that significantly. We're working with them to see what numbers they might like us to go to. That's more science and more for the benefit of understanding the mutations. We could use it for drug development and understand what we need to do in the future with drug development. But I wouldn't look at that as a separate, significant revenue stream.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill: Adam, when we spoke about a month ago, I think, I asked you a question around the tie between diagnostics and drug development, and did it make sense for the two entities to be together. You clearly put up a great number, obviously, on both sides, but especially on the drug development side for book-to-bill. Can you talk about outside of COVID, the tie you're seeing between drug development and diagnostics for winning business? Is this helping in some way? Any of the correlation that you see between those two businesses? And then lastly, how do we think about virtual trials playing into all of this?
Adam Schechter: Sure. So I'll start by saying that I continue to believe that having diagnostic and drug development together, is a winning scenario. And that you can do significantly better with drug development business by having diagnostic capabilities. There's no doubt in my mind that we've seen that with COVID. I mean, being able to do the diagnostic test of what we're doing drug development, enable us to win more than 400 opportunities across COVID. At the same time, I believe that people now have seen it in pharma and biotech. So it opens up the doors for other areas. We won large Pharmas oncology business. I think oncology is the next area that we'll be able to show the benefit of having diagnostic capabilities, particularly Companion Diagnostic capabilities along with drug development. And we are beginning to see in the biotech and pharma clients that this is mattering more and more. So I continue to be very bullish about the ability to have both these businesses together. I've always said that, I think that the drug development business benefits more by having diagnostic capabilities than diagnostics does by having drug development. But with that said, we've seen some synergies going the other way, where the drug development group has been working on Companion Diagnostics, and we're able to potentially launch that in the diagnostic area. So I'm actually seeing benefit to diagnostics over time from drug development. So we continue to make progress there. If you look at virtual and hybrid trials, the reason we've invested there is because I believe it's going to be more important than it's been in the past. And it's been talked about for quite some time. I don't think a lot of pharma companies were willing to go there because they know how to do the other trials, and we still have to get regulators to approve how to look at virtual hybrid trials. But with COVID, all that has changed. And  there are still about 20% to 30% of clinical sites that are not open. And if you start a trial now, you want to make sure if there's another event that, for example, if in November, there's a new variant and you need another vaccine. There could be another impact from COVID later this year. You don't want your trials to be interrupted. You want to have the possibility to do virtual and hybrid trials. So I think it's going to serve, number one, as a backup to, ensure that trials can continue. Number two, I believe that, particularly in specialty areas, you're going to see more and more use of the hybrid trials. Because what we're seeing is they can work and they can work well, and they can actually allow you to potentially enroll more patients faster. And therefore, I think it's here to stay now that we've seen it work.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Crdit Suisse. 
Erin Wright: Quickly on the Diagnostics segment. Has anything changed in terms of your thoughts around serology testing here? Do you think that will pick up vaccine utilization? Or is that minimal in terms of your assumptions and the guidance at this point?
Adam Schechter: That's an important question. It's a very important scientific question. We are very specific to say, COVID testing and not break apart PCR and serology because it could go in multiple different directions. I think if you end up having to have a vaccine every year, serology might not be that important. If you need a vaccine every several years, then I believe serology will be very important. And the real question is going to be, what level, what's the quantitative analysis that you need for a certain level of antibodies to feel like you're protected. If there is a quantitative number, that people can feel comfortable they can fly, they can go to events, that they can do many other things, then it will be very important. And what we're doing is we're preparing for that just in case. So we already have the ability to do a semi quantitative antibody test, which I think would help if you have to get to a certain level, know what that level is. And we're going to be prepared to scale that. We already have - we can run thousands, but I want to be prepared in case we need hundreds of thousands in the future. It's just too early to know from the science, and we're learning so much about the variance and so forth, that there'll be more to come as we go through this year.
Glenn Eisenberg : Erin, the only other thing I'd add for that is that, as Adam said, COVID testing the guidance that we gave down under the $35 million to $50 million is our expectation for the full year. But while serology is a small piece of that, frankly, from our guidance in the range that we have, we would actually have a range where serology testing would go up at the upper end of the range, could go down again at the lower end of the range, versus the PCRs, to your point, is once the vaccines are readily available, more interest in seeing if the antibodies are there. But again, it's a smaller piece of the total COVID business that we have.
Erin Wright: And then on capital deployment, can you speak to the consolidation opportunity across the core lab business? What does the deal pipeline look like now? And does the broader installed base of wind care instruments and other concepts change or delay or your thought process, I guess, around deal activity in the near term? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So as I look at capital deployment, the first thing we look forward to see if there are hospital laboratories, local or regional laboratories that we can acquire. And those make a lot of sense. They are accretive in the first year, typically, you return your cost of capital in about two years, and we know how to integrate those. We are seeing more opportunities for those. We're spending a lot more time and discussions with various hospitals and local laboratories. And I can tell you, even as a senior management team, we're spending a lot more time in those discussions ourselves. So I feel good that there will be multiple opportunities as we go through this year. The second thing I look for is strategic acquisitions. So if there's something in one of the pillars of our strategy, for example, oncology, that we need to acquire in order to be successful, we would look to do something like that. And those would be kind of smaller tuck-in type of acquisitions versus large-scale mega deals. And then the third thing we look at is the share buybacks. If you ask me about large-scale acquisitions, so for example, another large CRO, I don't think we need to do that. I think we have what we need to be successful. So we're mostly interested in laboratory, hospital laboratories, local retail laboratories and strategic acquisitions helping us in the pillars.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe: Just wanted to go back on the commentary around visibility on the core trends and maybe the assumptions and comfort around those core trends. And more specifically, when I look at the numbers compared to 2019, and I look at the lab side, midpoint, looks like, it's about 4% growth. And then on the CRO side, it looks like it's about 15% growth off that sort of 2019 baseline. So anything to call out there on either side around sort of the visibility you talked about that bridges the growth?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, Ralph. Yeah. From our perspective, it's kind of an interesting viewpoint because as we go into 2021 and look at a comp to 2020, obviously, we see significant growth in both - in our base businesses because it's coming off of the pandemic here. As we look back to 2019 kind of pre pandemic levels, to your point, your growth rates, we actually look at it even on a compound growth rate, let's say, is that kind of fitting in within our historical growth rates. And the guidance range that we have kind of implies, obviously, we're getting a range. But for both businesses, clearly at the upper end of the range that we're back to kind of the normal historical growth. And so as we think about the pieces, so first, within diagnostics, while we've already seen a favorable revenue trend in the fourth quarter compared to 2019, so revenue is already there, but our volume wasn't. We were down, call it, around 8% in the fourth quarter. So the range that we have as we look to 2019 is that, for the most part, call it, the mid part of the guidance that the volume now will get back to 2019 levels, call it, in the midyear to second half of the year. And again, the price will come down to more historical levels as well. But similarly, within the drug development side of the business, we've already had good growth compared to a year ago, and we expect that to continue relative to 2019 levels, where, again, the range, if you looked at it as a CAGR to 2019 similarly, within the range, gets us back to our historical growth rates, again, depending where you are in the range. So with the recognition that there's still going to be some softness in the base business that's expected in the first half of 2021 because of the pandemic still here the vaccine not broadly available. But clearly, with the second half of the year expectations, we're now growing relative to 2019 at a more historical level.
Ralph Giacobbe: And then just a follow-up on the $100 commentary for COVID testing. I just want to make sure that's across your managed care book as well. And has there been any discussion or pushback, if you will, with managed care or perhaps the argument of a lower rate for maybe more favorable pricing terms on sort of that base business longer term? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So average price is about $90. And of course, we're happy discussion with managed care. But as the volume has gone down significantly, and we see the testing not where it was, say, back in December, those discussions continue to happen, but I think we have a very strong rationale based upon the CMS price and guidance.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Coldwell with Baird.
Eric Coldwell: Yes. Wouldn't you know, Ralph, got my two questions kind of wrapped up in the last one there, but I'm going to just jump off that a little bit. I mean, ultimately, I think I was going in the same direction, which is peeling back the layers of the onion on diagnostics on the base business. You clearly you have a lot of layers. You have hospital lab management, which impacts revenue and pricing, but not volumes, you have easy comps, you have no PAMA, M&A, even a little FX. It sounds like you're saying the 2021 core-based volumes maybe start the year below 2019, finish the year the second half above 2019. So are you basically seeing a flat year on volume in total or maybe a little bit of growth in total? And then I have a follow-up clarification after that.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Again, Eric, it's where you looking at it relative to the range. So part of the supplemental information that we provided, we actually did give, call it compound growth rates for the businesses based on the Base Business and COVID testing to kind of frame the growth. To your point, within that, obviously, there is some M&A and currency that impacts the numbers. But as we think about, again, the volume for Diagnostics, depending where you are in the range, at some point, we're going to cross over to being favorable volume. And so again, at the midpoint of the range, just assume that's relatively midpoint of the year. After that point, we're then looking at getting back to more historical growth rates. But even there, the trajectory of the recovery could be stronger. It could be a little softer. But overall, we do expect to see, depending on where you are from the range to - for the full year, we could be still below on volume for the full year, but favorable on price/mix. Or at the upper end of the range, we can be both favorable on volume as well as favorable on price for the full year. So again, just a very degree of how fast the recovery will come and how much it accelerates.
Eric Coldwell: My quick follow-up here is within Diagnostics, obviously, you are doing M& A. You have a positive outlook on M&A. I'm curious what percentage growth in that 11% to 13.5% base, what percent of that is actually M&A driven as opposed to not?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So when you look at the guidance that we provide for, call it, for both of our businesses. The M&A that's associated in our guidance range is all deals that have been done in the past. So you're just getting the annualization part of that growth, if you will. In our enterprise numbers, we do assume that part of our capital allocation will go to M&A. So we reflect some of that growth in revenue at the enterprise level for that. But if you think about just the level of M&A in the quarter that we had, for Diagnostics was 0.9%. So obviously, we'll look to see that number be a smaller piece within the guidance range that we had for 2021, subject to any deals that we do would be additive to that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eugene Kim with Wolfe Research.
Eugene Kim: Thank you, and congrats on the strong quarter. I guess a quick follow-up to Ralph's question earlier on the COVID side. You are expecting Base Business revenues to come in about 15% higher than 2019 at the midpoint. Can you maybe break down how much of that is driven by COVID related trials versus non-COVID business?
Glenn Eisenberg : Yes. So if you look at the growth that we had for the fourth quarter, it was very strong. It was about 8.4% if you take out the PCR testing. And its strength is coming from all three businesses. It's coming from the early stage, the central laboratory as well as the clinical development business. As we look at the COVID trials and what they accounted for, it was about 12% of our net orders across the last three quarters. So you can see that it's meaningful, but it's not that much. We still would have had great growth even without the COVID trials in terms of our net orders.
Eugene Kim: And quickly on share repo, apologies if I missed this, but have you provided how much buyback you're assuming in your full year EPS guidance?
Glenn Eisenberg : No. Eugene, what we've said is that that we expect to target the free cash flow that we generate this year to both M&A and the buybacks. So assume that we will be in the market each quarter within buybacks, but the level of buybacks will be, as Adam commented earlier, driven off of the amount of acquisitions we do. And we have a good pipeline of deals. But like in most years, or at least most normal years, always expect it to be - they're not mutually exclusive that we expect to continue to do, strategic M&A acquisitions as well as repurchasing shares with our excess cash flow. But we've not quantified the amount, but obviously, it would be within a range of our guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.
Pito Chickering: So two quick ones here. As you think about deals for 2021, obviously, the COVID tailwinds helps out some of the smaller hospital labs are struggling previously. Do you think that deals will sort of pause during 2021 as COVID tailwinds normalize and so wait until 2022 until the normal environment comes back?
Adam Schechter: No. I think the deals are going to continue to be at least at the same pace in Paseo. In fact, I think there might be some acceleration based upon the number of discussions that we're having. And I think there's a couple of reasons why one is, for example, hospitals have realized how capital-intensive this business is. So many hospitals had to update their labs to be able to do COVID testing at any scale. And as they start to look at keeping those labs updated outside of COVID, they realize they probably need to do some additional upgrading to the equipment. So they'd rather use that capital for example, for a new surgery suite versus us having to just update the lab to run the test that they've done in the past. The second thing is that even though COVID has been significant, many of the hospitals haven't had their base business back to the level that we've seen, and they don't have the COVID testing ability that we have. So the COVID testing has not necessarily offset the other base business issues that they face. So I feel pretty good about deals this year, and I don't think it will slow down. If anything, I think it will be the same or accelerate.
Pito Chickering: Next question, your capacity for COVID testing is obviously above the demand right now, and you're guiding to a decline throughout 2021. If I think about COVID testing globally, there's still a lot of countries that don't have the capacity to test as the U.S. does. Is there any opportunity to use the excess testing capacity to work with other countries to assist in their COVID testing?
Adam Schechter: So we do testing in Canada. We also have the capacity to do some testing in the U.K. because we have a lab there that has the equipment. Outside of that, we don't necessarily do testing in any other country. The U.S. is obviously where we do the vast, vast majority of the testing. What I'd worry about with other countries has turned around time. Would it be easy to get the samples to the U.S. and turn those around fast enough. And then the ability to move equipment or have equipment in those other parts of the world, I don't think is necessarily that feasible. So the good news is that there are many additional alternatives that are coming to market. And I think that most countries right now have learned how to use the testing they have. In some countries don't use nearly as much testing as the U.S. So for example, in Japan, they do significantly less testing even though they have the capacity that they could do more if they chose to. So I think it really is country-by-country based on how they approach it. And it's not in our plan to expand outside of where we currently are for testing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of  with UBS.
Adam Noble: This is Adam Noble on for Kevin. I just wanted to go back to kind of PCR volumes, understanding that the infection rates have gone down. And to the extent that those continue to go down, that would be a headwind to the PCR volumes. But I think from your previous comments, you guys have - because of the active infections, you haven't had a chance to go too far down the pipeline of back to work, back-to-school, asymptomatic testing. And just curious if you could comment on your pipeline there and what are your expectations for those volumes as the year progresses?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you, Adam. And again, the reason we gave such wide guidance of minus 35% to minus $50, because there's still so many unknowns. For back to work, back-to-school, we've been a big part of that. But many companies have not gone back to work yet, and you see more and more companies saying that they might not go back to work in the ways that they've done it in the past. Some of the companies that we're working with were actually using point-of-care testing to help them get up and running. Some were using our Pixel by LabCorp at home tests where they can send them to employees, particularly if they have large sales forces across the country. It's a very easy way for them to do it. So our LabCorp employee services, is very busy with back to work and back-to-school. And it really is just a matter of how many of those tests do you do while you're also vaccinating people. And then at the end of the day, frankly, it's going to come down to in the fall, where there'll be another strain, and will there be another outbreak will be a big flu season, and everybody has flu, you're going to want a test for both COVID and for flu. So, I do believe that there's opportunity in the second half of the year potentially, it's just too hard to know right now, and that's why we gave you such a wide range of possibilities.
Adam Noble: That makes a ton of sense. Maybe just to sneak on in on Covance. Appreciate the guidance you guys gave on it breaking out the COVID side specifically. Just curious if you could kind of break that out further between COVID trial work versus the Central Lab impact that's obviously benefited at the end of this year. But if volumes come down for COVID testing, I guess we could probably expect that to come down as the year progresses as well.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I think if you look at the different parts. So for example, Central Laboratory work, we've been very busy, but we would probably fill that with other potential opportunities. So to me, it's kind of we're building capacity. We're doing both COVID and non-COVID Central Laboratory work, and we're very busy in Central Laboratories, as you can imagine. In terms of the trials, again, we're doing mostly non-COVID trials, clinical trials, but we're also doing some COVID clinical trials. I think the best way for you to kind of engage it is to know that the trials were 12% of our net orders over the last three quarters. That should give you the best sense of what that's going to look like over time. I don't think it's going to slow down a lot this year. I think there's going to be more work that you're going to need for variance for vaccines, for example. There's still a lot of anti-virals that are being studied. So I do think for this year, you're going to still see significant work for Covance. And then we'll have to see where it ends up as we go to next year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser: Adam, in response to one of the questions, I think you said something really interesting in terms of the pricing dynamics and the fact that you're seeing higher number of tests per visits or fewer visits and more tests. Do you think that this is sort of a new sort of step-up in the demand curve? Or is this sort of a temporary catch up?
Adam Schechter: Yes, Ricky, it's a very important question. We have that discussion often amongst ourselves. I believe that because people are not going to their doctor as often as they have, where they may have missed their wellness programs that when the doctors are seeing the patients who are just trying to get as many tests on as they can to make sure they can treat that patient appropriately. I do not personally believe it's going to be a long-term sustainable number of tests per acquisition. I think we'll get back to closer to where it was. But we're also trying to understand the difference between telemedicine and doctor visits. And if there's a difference there, we don't think there is, but we're still trying to understand that. So our base case assumes that as the business comes back and starts to grow again, that it's not based upon increasing numbers of tests per acquisition. It's based upon more people going to their physicians.
Ricky Goldwasser: And to your point on telemedicine, it's interesting, right? Because is it about 50% of our acquisitions that are done in your sites versus physician offices. Do you think that there's anything that's going to impact physician behavior because they're not getting reimbursed for drawing the specimen when it's a telehealth visit?
Adam Schechter: You know, Ricky, I think that, first of all, telemedicine has been very important as we've gone through the pandemic. I think that there have been some restrictions that have lifted that will probably stay lifted in terms of being able to do things over state lines and so forth. And I think it's going to be important to understand it more as we move forward. The good news for LabCorp is that we're involved with almost every major telemedicine company. So if they can easily access the ability to get testing done for patients. And we have so many service centers across the country, including the ones through Walgreens that I believe that we're easily accessible to patients, whether it's in their physicians' offices or through telemedicine. But I do believe it's here to stay, and a - that we're part of it and we're able to make it an easy transition through their EMRS.
Ricky Goldwasser: And then just one last one on the utilization. You broke for us the core revenue growth. I think, sort of, 4% for the year, half from M&A, half organic. How should we think about utilization exit run rate in 2021?
Glenn Eisenberg : Yes. So Ricky, the - as we talked about just thinking about it as organic core volume for us. We were down 7.7%. So we saw a good trend throughout the year. As you'll recall, we ended the third quarter - call it 8.9%, but the end of the quarter was more like an 8% number. So we have seen that the base volumes have stabilized. We've seen that throughout the quarter. And frankly, we've seen it also into January of this year. Obviously, we're going to start to see the favorable comps as we compare against a pandemic year in 2020. But again, as we talked about earlier, when we look at the range of guidance we gave for the business, depending upon where we are in the range of guidance that we do expect to see, call it midyear into the second half of the year as the midpoint of the guidance that you should see the organic volumes be picking up relative to 2019 levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Larew with William Blair.
Matt Larew: I appreciate that there's a wide range potential COVID volumes built into your guidance. But could you maybe comment on whether this is, sort of, your perspective on how the COVID testing market is going to evolve overtime? So in other words, is it going to evolve into more of a point-of-care market like flu where reference aren't really playing much of a role unlike it's a reflex? Or maybe do you think it's going to go away entirely? Just an update on how the broader market is going to evolve?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Hi, Matt. I think it's going to depend on the treatments that we have available and the anti-virals and how effective they are. If at the end of the day, you're diagnosed with COVID in the future, but we know you're not going to end up in a hospital, you're going to die because we have great ways to treat it, then I think it could become point-of-care testing like flu. If it's as serious as it is today, where people aren't vaccinated, they could end up in a hospital to end of time then I think it's going to end up PCR testing, particularly for people with symptoms. Because we do know that the point-of-care testing is not necessarily as accurate, and you do miss some people through that. I don't think you're going to want to miss people if they can end up in a hospital die. So I think it's really going to it takes some time for us to understand how good the therapeutics work outside of vaccinations. Because when you think about it, if 20% or 25% of the population doesn't get vaccinated, and if the vaccine doesn't work in 10% of the population, that's 35% of several hundred million people in the U.S., that's a big number of people that we're still going to have to worry about getting COVID overtime. And the real question, it's going to be how well are those therapeutics? And our hope is that we get great therapeutics and that we can keep everybody out of the hospital and from dying, but we just don't know yet. If it ends up there, it will be more point-of-care. I think that we're going to end up doing PCR testing for quite some time at some level.
Matt Larew: And then just on the drug development side, as you look to create differentiation there. Obviously, there were two capability additions you made back in October with Snap and Global Care. Maybe just give us a sense for where you look to continue to create differentiation and how maybe to measure the success of some of these capability additions, if not through revenue as perhaps the through win rates or broader business?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So to me the differentiation is having diagnostic capabilities, including companion diagnostics with drug development. The ability to do virtual in hypercritical trials, I think, everybody is going to have to do that, and you have to do it extraordinarily well. But the difference that we have versus others is our companion diagnostics and our diagnostic capabilities. And you've seen it with COVID. I believe you're going to see it with oncology and then in other therapeutic areas as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies.
Brian Tanquilut: Congrats on the quarter and the good guidance for 2021. I guess just a couple of questions. On the CRO side, would you be able to give us kind of, like a balance of the bookings across preclinical, central lab and clinical? Because obviously, that's pretty good growth you've shown on the bookings number for Q4?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So we don't break it out necessarily by the individual areas. What I would say is that we've shown strength across all three of the therapeutic areas. If you look historically, we have real strength in early clinical development. We're a leader there. We have strength in our central laboratories. We're a leader there where we're continuing to progress and where we want to grow more substantially moving forward, is in the clinical trials, in particular, late-stage III clinical trials. So you are going to see us continue to have a major focus to win more in that area as we move forward. And I would expect overtime that we would disproportionately grow from that area.
Brian Tanquilut: And then, Glenn, I guess, just a quick question on working capital for the quarter. It was probably a little - there was a drag that we saw in Q4. Is that going to normalize in 2021? Or how should we be thinking about working capital trends?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. When you look at the fact that our guidance range for earnings is kind of flat to slightly down, but our free cash flow is kind of flat to slightly up, if you will, from a year ago. It's really from working capital. So to your point, we've used cash from working capital to support the strong growth that we had as that growth rate that tempers as the PCR or call it, the COVID testing comes down, we expect to monetize the cash from that working capital buildup. And then obviously, partially offsetting that, we do expect to see a higher level of our cash spend for capital expenditures and 2021 that we kind of held back a little bit in 2020 as we were obviously dealing through the pandemic.
Adam Schechter: So we're going to try to get through two last questions as fast as we possibly can in respect of everybody's time.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: Thank you for squeezing me in. Can we talk a little bit about oncology testing trends and NIPT and consumer genomics. Can we talk about where those expectations are and sort of the esoteric testing businesses there and how they're picking up and sort of where you're exiting the year?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So if you look at the esoteric testing, that declined the least amount, frankly, as we began with the pandemic, and it's recovered the best, about the same, frankly, as our base business now. So it's still down a bit versus prior year, but nowhere near what it was down in March. In March, obviously, it was down less than our core business was I have no doubt that oncology testing is going to continue to be important. And as we think about things like liquid biopsy, I think that's going to be increasingly important in the future. So I was glad that we're part of that market now with our non-small cell lung cancer capabilities, and we're going to continue to look for opportunities to be involved in that moving forward.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And if I can do one follow-up. We - there's - LabCorp has a very long history of doing more technology-focused acquisitions. And given sort of the expansion of at home and clinic care testing, do you have any desire to sort of become an equipment manufacturer or equipment provider as opposed to just a testing lab?
Adam Schechter: So as I've said before, when we look at our capital allocation. First and foremost, we want to do additional laboratory acquisitions. But then I would say we want to look at our strategic pillars. And if we see something, for example, in oncology that makes sense that would be our next area that we would go for acquisitions. At this moment, we're not looking at equipment and paying equipment makers. But I can tell you, we are looking at other areas to kind of enhance our core focused strategic areas.
Derik De Bruin: Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Okay last question.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Donald Hooker with KeyBanc.
Donald Hooker: All right. I made it in barely at the end. Those will be it. So I guess your relationships with some of the big managed care companies were probably fairly distracted, particularly the UNH relationship, preferred the PLN. Would it be fair for us to assume there's maybe some pent-up momentum with UnitedHealth and some of the big managed care companies as COVID went down, the distraction stayed away or are they going to kind of step up their - revisit their strategies, maybe more earnestly to kind of drive volumes to the more efficient labs like LabCorp and others?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Don, I think that's an important point. And we have a great relationship with UnitedHealthcare. We have great relationships with the managed care organizations across the country. And I do believe that as things go back to kind of more of a normal scenario, though I don't think it will ever be completely normal what we had in the past. I do think there will be opportunities for us to work with them closer. So for example, on the PLN, the Preferred Laboratory Network, I would have thought we'd make more progress together. But with the distraction of COVID, it's been nearly impossible to do that. I'm hopeful that we'll be able to get back to that when things normalize a bit.
Donald Hooker: Okay, great. I'll leave it there and thanks for squeezing me in here at the end.
Adam Schechter: Terrific. Thank you. So the last thing I wanted to say is, first of all, thank you for joining us. And there's no doubt that we achieved strong performance in the fourth quarter and full year of 2020. But the beginning of the pandemic, we've been focused on what we can do to help as best we can. And I think our agility, our ability to move quickly combined with our science, innovation and technology is what has really differentiated us. And what we learned about agility and we've equity in the marketplace is here to stay. And I think that's going to continue to serve us well as we go into the future. So thanks for your time today. We look forward to talking to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-27 13:59:06) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the LabCorp Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. . I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Clarissa Willett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Clarissa Willett: Thank you, Operator. Good morning and welcome to LabCorp's Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, in the Investor Relations section of our website we posted both our press release and an Investor Relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which includes a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Clarissa. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. We delivered strong results in the third quarter as our base business continued to recover and significant progress was achieved to fight the global pandemic. Clinical trial activity is improving and we've had important wins in both COVID and non-COVID-related clinical trials. The Diagnostics business has recovered well as people resume their routine preventive visits, actively care for their chronic conditions and move ahead with elective surgeries and other procedures. Non-COVID-related volume was down approximately 9% for the quarter. As a result, we reported growth in the third quarter versus the prior year with revenue of $3.9 billion, adjusted EPS of $8.41 and free cash flow of $709 million. Throughout the year, our COVID-19 testing has helped to offset the pressure experienced in our base business. This is the first quarter where both the Diagnostics and Drug Development total businesses grew versus prior year. Based on the current and expected strength of our business, we have decided to return the CARES Act Provider Relief Funds. We greatly appreciate the support that CARES Act funding afforded us in the early days of the pandemic when our base business was significantly impacted and the future was uncertain. We are pleased we can take this action now. Glenn will expand on this in a few moments. Importantly, our strategy extends beyond COVID-19. What LabCorp did prior to the pandemic and what we will do after the pandemic remains important to the country and to the world. Our strategy is based on the following long-term priorities: first, leveraging the power of our combined capabilities across Diagnostics and Drug Development; second, advancing our leadership position in oncology; third, integrating AI, data, digitalization and analytics across our business; fourth, putting customers at the center of all that we do; and finally, we will continue to evaluate and execute on high growth opportunities.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our third quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and end with some comments on our outlook. For third quarter results, we have quantified the revenue associated with the COVID-19 PCR and antibody tests, so that you can see the change in the base business. Also during the quarter, we received $76 million in CARES Act Provider Relief Funding, which is excluded from earnings but included in cash flow. As Adam mentioned, we decided to return the funds in the fourth quarter, as well as the $56 million of funds we received in the second quarter. As a result, we have reversed the $56 million CARES Act funds from our earnings in the third quarter. 
Operator: . Our first question comes from Jack Meehan of Nephron Research. 
Jack Meehan: I wanted to start by asking about the base business recovery. It was coming in stronger than we were expecting. Is there any color you can provide around just month-by-month trend throughout the quarter? And then, Glenn, also, if I look at how the base business, you saw the negative impact on volume, but positive on rev rec. Just help us maybe from a test category perspective, what you're seeing as well there.
Adam Schechter: Jack, this is Adam. I'll start with the recovery of the base business. I said it before that, it surprised me how fast the base business has recovered. If you go back to March, our base business at that point was down 55% versus the prior year. And this is looking at Diagnostics. If you then would look at June, our base business was down about 17% for the month of June. But for the quarter, second quarter, it was down 35%. If you look at third quarter, which we've just discussed, we're down 9% for the quarter. So you are seeing sequential improvements quarter-over-quarter. And frankly, we're seeing it month-over-month. So each month is a little bit better than the prior month. So we continue to see that coming back.  With regard to our other business, our Drug Development business, that's coming back a bit slower, not as quickly as the Diagnostic business. What we've seen is the preclinical, early stage work has come back the fastest of the 3 businesses in Drug Development. Last quarter, the central laboratory business was not coming back as quickly as the clinical development business. For this quarter, we've seen a significant acceleration in our central laboratory business and that has actually come back a bit faster than the clinical development business. With the clinical development business, we have access to about 70% of the sites now. So that's better than last quarter, but there's still about 30% of the sites that are not open for access at the moment.
Glenn Eisenberg: Jack, this is Glenn. Just to your other question on kind of the volume being down, but the favorable price/mix being up and Adam, obviously, just went through the volume decline. On the price/mix, as you know, in kind of a normal environment. Diagnostics overall does kind of the 1% to 2% organic volume and then we pick up around a point on favorable price/mix. And obviously, the last couple of quarters are anything but in a normal environment. We have seen favorable price/mix over the last two quarters. We were up around 5% last quarter and now up around 7% this quarter. The biggest driving factor to the improvement in price/mix really has been an increase in our test per session. We've also seen an improvement in the mix. And to your point, some categories, in particular, like women's health or NIPT or hepatitis screening seem to be the bigger test parts that we've seen a higher growth rate than the other. But overall, a favorable mix, but again, the biggest driver being the amount of tests we're doing per session.
Jack Meehan: Great. And just as a follow-up on COVID testing. Could you share your thoughts around the sustainability of the rate you're collecting per detection test? And kind of building off that, your incremental margins in Diagnostics were obviously very strong this quarter. Should we expect that rate to sustain as we go into the fourth quarter? And any thoughts around the durability there would be great.
Adam Schechter: Jack, so when we launched the PCR testing, we had three core principles. The first one was to use science and innovation and build as much capacity as quickly as we could. The second was that everybody would have equal access to the testing. So we charge nobody upfront out-of-pocket cost and we charge everybody the Medicare rate. In fact, when we first launched the test, we launched it before we even knew what the Medicare rate was. And then the third thing was that nobody would be prioritized over anybody else. That as the test came into laboratories, we would do those tests first, with the only exception was when the CDC and HHS asked us to prioritize, so for example, for a hospital inpatients. And I think that those principles have served us well. And we adhere to those principles as we sit here today.  In terms of the longevity, I think for as long as the emergency declaration is here, which now is through the month of January and we'll see if it gets extended after that, I think that the pricing is consistent. You saw recently that there was a slight change to Medicare, where it still will be reimbursed for people up to $100, if your turnaround time is within 2 days. And the good news is our turnaround time is about a day. So that shouldn't have a significant impact on us for that Medicare change. And then we have to see what happens over time with the declaration of the emergency after the end of January next year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Pito Chickering at Deutsche Bank.
Philip Chickering: During the quarter, a lot of COVID revenues flow through to the bottom line. I understand you aren't giving guidance but can you walk us through any new costs that we could see during the fourth quarter? Or if you're considering taking the excess earnings from COVID and accelerating any investments in the near term.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Go ahead, Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Just a comment for the guidance. It's less of, call it, an issue on the cost. It's more just the significant variance in potential outcomes relative to the business demand. So obviously, we've seen in the third quarter, as Adam and I commented in our remarks, the business is performing well sequentially, ending the quarter even better than where we started. So obviously, at the current run rates, we would expect to see continued good results.  As we enter into the fall, again, the flu season, we just don't know the restrictions that may be in place, what the impact of the base businesses will be going forward. So really, the uncertainty being driven more off of what's the demand of the business, could be continued strength, could be some softness, if we see a pretty bad flu season ahead of us. But overall, the cost structure of the company is in place. And frankly, one of the benefits to the margin improvement is being able to leverage that cost control, while we're seeing enhanced revenues.
Adam Schechter: And just to give you a little additional context. A couple of weeks ago, we were averaging about 110,000 PCR tests a day. Now we're averaging 120,000 PCR tests a day. We could go up to over 200,000 a day if the country needed it during the flu season. If you look at Australia, Brazil, Argentina and some other countries that have gone through the flu season, it hasn't been particularly a big flu season. In fact, it was very small in those countries. Could it be because they were in lockdown for COVID? That would help with the flu season? Yes, very possibly. So without knowing what the flu season could bring and we're just right at the start of it, you could see how much variability there could be.
Philip Chickering: Okay. Then as a follow-up, for share repurchases, historically, you've been fairly measured on your quarterly repurchases. Should we expect a similar activity going forward or because of a recent influx of cash flows could it be more accelerated?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Well, so we've always looked at our capital allocation very carefully and thoughtfully. And our first and foremost thing that we look to do is to buy these tuck-in acquisitions, these local laboratories, local hospital laboratories where we can bring them into our business, very quickly they become accretive. They return their cost of capital within a very short period of time and we know how to integrate them. There are several of those that we're looking at. I can tell you, I believe that there has been an acceleration in the number of those possibilities as we go through this year into next year. And we'll look at capital allocation from that lens first and then we'll be opportunistic where it makes sense with the share repurchases.
Operator: And our next question comes from Erin Wright of Crdit Suisse.
Erin Wilson: Great. On the Covance side of the business, you mentioned 13% of bookings associated with COVID. How should we be thinking about the COVID-related bookings across Covance more meaningfully contributing to top line growth? And then how much is vaccine work compared to therapeutic COVID clinical trials?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you, Erin. So we're making significant progress with COVID on both the diagnostic and in the clinical trial business. Many of the studies -- said that we've done about 300 -- we've won about 350 of those opportunities. Many of them are very early stage, smaller trials, where we're doing in the preclinical work or we're doing design work and those types of things. And then there are others that are late-stage in the vaccine space where we're actively involved at the moment. They are not materially impacting the revenue at the moment. So that's why we didn't call out revenue specifically. But as we go through time, they'll become more meaningful for us.  In terms of vaccine versus the other types of treatments, there's less vaccines out there, but the vaccine trials are much, much bigger than the other trials. So I would say in numbers of trials, most of them are outside of vaccines. But when you look at volume, there's a lot of volume coming through the vaccines.
Erin Wilson: Okay. And then quickly on capital deployment. Again, I guess, how should we be thinking about your positioning as a consolidator in this market in a post-COVID world? Where are there more opportunities or less opportunities in and what does the acquisition pipeline look like?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I'll start with in the Diagnostic business. One of the things that I've said before that has surprised me since starting as the CEO here last November is that there are lots of opportunities and lots of discussions that occur about acquiring local laboratories or hospital laboratories, but they just take a bit longer than I had expected. I thought that they make so much economic sense for both the laboratory that's looking to be acquired and for LabCorp that I thought they would go faster. So at the moment, there are many more that we're looking at today than what I would have said before, particularly if you look at the size and scale of some of them, but how fast they go is impossible for me to predict because they have, in the past, taken longer than I expected.  In terms of other acquisitions, we mentioned GlobalCare and snapIoT. Those were two acquisitions that would help us with decentralized clinical trials and hybrid trials. We've said that those were critical to our strategy and they were smaller tuck-in types of acquisitions to help with our strategy. So we'll continue to look for smaller tuck-in acquisitions that help us strategically. I do not see the need, as I sit here today, to do any type of very large scale acquisition. I think that we have what we need to be successful and we can augment it with smaller targeted strategic acquisitions.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo of UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: What are you seeing in terms of the makeup of your base business mix? Is there any changes, if you were to call it out sort of on a year-over-year basis? How much has it changed in any way, shape or form? Or are you still seeing the same type of mix that you had prior?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Kevin, the mix is about the same. What's been interesting is in the beginning of the pandemic, when our base business was down significantly, our esoteric business did not fall as fast as our other business. Last quarter, we said that both businesses were coming back about equal. Now I would say in the third quarter, our base business actually came back a bit faster than the esoteric business. So we're not necessarily seeing a long-term mix shift but we've seen a different impact on the 2 businesses as we've gone through the year.
Kevin Caliendo: That's helpful. And just as a follow-up, you said you were planning to add some capacity to your COVID testing. Can you take us through sort of what that might be? Is 210,000 -- is that where we should think about? And what is sort of the breaking point when you think about turnaround times in terms of how many tests you can do and still get it done within that 48-hour period?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So Kevin, as I mentioned, right now, we can do more than 210,000 tests per day. And our turnaround time today is about 1 day. Now right now, we're testing an average about 120,000 tests. And I would say we could go much higher and I still think maintain our current turnaround time or just be within the 48 hours. The 210,000 does not include our pooling that we're able to do. And if we needed to do more pooling, we could increase that pretty significantly. But also, we're looking at adding additional capacity in terms of machines and capabilities. So as we said from the beginning, one of our core tenets was to build capacity as quickly as we can. We've been doing that since March. In July, there was a significant increase in the number of samples that we were receiving. And no matter how fast we had built capacity, we still fell a little bit behind. So even though right now we're running at about 50% of our capacity, we are not slowing down. We're going to continue to buy the machines that we can buy. And to me, that's the biggest rate-limiting is the number of larger machines that we can get as we go into the fall flu season.
Operator: And our next question comes from Lisa Gill of JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill: Great. Adam, let me just start with the combination of the flu and PCR test. Can you just talk about -- will that count as a COVID test? Or will that count as a flu test when we think about volumes? And then secondly, how do we think about reimbursement for combined tests like that?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Absolutely, Lisa. So we are currently able to do the flu, PCR and also RSV test through physicians. We also notably filed an EUA to be able to do it with our Pixel and our LabCorp At Home test. I think that as we go into flu season, if somebody has a lot of symptoms, it might be nice that they not even have to go to a doctor. Their doctor can send them a test, so they can order a test and get the results. If you look at the Medicare rates, we believe it's going to be about $143 for the combined test. And as we've done in the past, we've used the Medicare rate as our guide as we've gone through the pandemic and the emergency declaration. So we'll continue to do that. With regard to how we record that, Lisa, I think we have to think that through. As we decide, we'll certainly make sure that we talk to you and let the external environment know how we're thinking about it. To date, so we've gotten very few because we're really not in the flu season yet. So there hasn't been a real need at the moment for the combined test.
Lisa Gill: And Adam, how do you think about testing when we do have a vaccine? What's your point of view around -- and I know you're not giving any guidance for fourth quarter or for 2021. But how do we start to think about testing as we have vaccines come into the market in 2021?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I'll give you my thoughts on it, but anybody that tells you that they have any significant degree of certainty is wrong. That's the only part I'm certain about, what I'm about to say. I believe that we'll have a lot more data by the end of this year to know the effectiveness of the various vaccines that are in Phase III. And that's going to be very helpful. And if we have vaccines that can move forward into the marketplace, I think it could start early next year. But before you could vaccinate a significant number of the population in U.S., I think you're probably talking about the middle of next year, my personal opinion, based upon experience without knowing all the facts. So I think that they're going to need continued testing for at least through the first quarter of next year for PCR testing. I think you're going to continue to need it as you go into the second part of the year. And then by the time you get to the summertime, hopefully, we'll have the vaccine broadly disseminated and the need for PCR testing will be significantly diminished. The two questions we have are: one, we know the pricing relatively certain what it could look like through January. We have to see what the pricing will look like after January. My assumption is that why wouldn't you continue to have the emergency authorization through the winter, but we just don't know that for sure. And then the second thing to realize with the vaccine is we don't know are there going to be antibody tests, titer tests, they're going to be neutralizing antibody tests that might be helpful as people go through the vaccine. So we're developing a suite of tests. We announced last week our test for the antibodies that we give you quantitative analysis used in pharmaceuticals, to try to help understand what might be helpful. So will there be additional tests that we can do to help in the future even after vaccine? My assumption is probably, but we still have to wait to see the data. Is it going to be T cells? Or is it going to be antibody? There's still a lot more we're going to learn over the coming months.
Operator: And our next question comes from Eric Coldwell of Baird.
Eric Coldwell: I just wanted to confirm a couple of things and maybe talk through these. First off, based on your disclosure on the 13% of awards from COVID tests -- clinical trials in the Covance segment, I'm coming up with net book-to-bills this quarter and last quarter of around 1.15 to 1.2. And that's if I also strip out the COVID-19 active infection testing revenue, which I think you're putting in one-for-one with bookings. Is that ballpark? Am I getting to the right numbers here?
Glenn Eisenberg: Eric, I guess, just a question. Are you trying to back out the impact of the award...
Eric Coldwell: Yes. Trying to look at what the -- I think the -- yes, thanks. The big question, I think, everyone has is how much of the awards in the CRO side of the world are coming from COVID-19 trials. And then how much revenue, how much impact, what the comps are going to be down the road. So I'm trying to look at what the -- I hate to say base business because this is all what you do, but the core legacy non-COVID testing and then we also have to make an additional adjustment for the work that would have historically been done in LCD, but it's getting shifted over to Covance central labs. I know you're putting that revenue in at kind of a 1:1 on bookings. So I think if I strip everything out and look at the base, I'm still coming up with book-to-bills for the last two quarters of around 1.2.
Glenn Eisenberg: I think the distinction, though, is that when you -- and Adam kind of commented. We have, obviously, a lot of awards that have come in, a lot of tending to be more on the early side of our business. So when you look at the book-to-bill that's coming in from, call it, the non-COVID testing, but the awards that we're getting for vaccine or therapeutics would be, call it, at a lower book-to-bill, if you will, than what we've been experiencing overall. So if anything, taking out a lower ratio of book-to-bill for at least the awards that we have, you could even argue, could move it somewhat the other way. I think for the businesses that are seeing more on the late-stage clinical trials for those awards, that tend to be longer book-to-bill time periods. You might see a different outcome than what we're currently experiencing.
Eric Coldwell: Okay. And then on Covance margin, getting a lot of inbound questions on what the core margin was if we strip out the COVID-19 testing. I'm coming up with something around 15% in the quarter, but I was hoping you could lend some color on that.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So let me give you some context. One of the things that I had mentioned before is when we saw the decline in our business in Covance, we did not reduce the size and the number of people that we had. And the reason why is a lot of these people are hard to find. They're hard to train. We thought -- and we're seeing the business coming back. So I'd be careful with the margins because the margins are a little bit worse than they typically would be because we're still seeing the revenue come back. But at the same time, we kept a bit of the expenses for the people so that we didn't have to try to rehire and refine people that we already had.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. The only thing I'd add to that is that when you -- we've talked about that kind of the organic revenue growth was really the PCR testing. So we would have been flat otherwise. So organically, still a positive, call it, flat in the pandemic, flat organic revenue. So from a margin standpoint, plus or minus, assume that our margins, excluding the PCR testing, would be relatively flat as well. As Adam said, the headwind from, call it, the personnel side of it, but we also have kind of the tailwind from our LaunchPad initiative. In addition, we get some leverage from -- we talked about the currency conversion and some acquisitions that would be additive as well.
Eric Coldwell: Right. And when you say flat, I guess, I'm trying to understand what is it, flat with last quarter, flat with 2H, flat with last year? I am just trying to get a sense on what you're implying by flat.
Glenn Eisenberg: The flat would be in explaining the change in our margins, where we're up around, call it, 200 basis points in margin. Assume that's being attributable to the PCR testing and that margins overall would be relatively flat with the explanation that both Adam and I gave for that.
Eric Coldwell: Right. So around -- you did 14.9% last year. I said around 15%. So that's correct?
Glenn Eisenberg: That's relatively flat. Yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Don Hooker with KeyBanc.
Donald Hooker: Great. So maybe just two questions for me. Would love to hear kind of an update. We've hit a lot of issues already this morning, but maybe an update on the sort of managed care environment. On a different topic, kind of with the relationship with United, with other -- are those sort of at standstills? Are we seeing some movement there? I know there's a lot of disruption in the markets. We'd love to hear your updated thoughts on that.
Adam Schechter: Sure. So we continue to have a very strong relationship with United. And we were pleased that we were put on to p.r.n. again in July of this year. Frankly, I thought at this time this year, I'll be able to give you an update on how the p.r.n. has worked since we entered into it about a year ago. And unfortunately, with the pandemic, we haven't seen a significant amount of progress, but we are continuing to be optimistic that it makes a lot of sense and we'll be able to work with United to get the p.r.n. up and running and to help them shift the business to where they want to shift it to, which is to the high-quality, lower cost laboratories like ourselves. And the PLN -- it's the PLN, Preferred Laboratory Network, is something that other managed care plans have begun to talk about those types of things. I believe that they -- we're waiting to see if it worked. And now that they've waited a while, even though we don't necessarily know if it works or not, I think we might see more of that as we move forward because everybody realizes the economic advantage of having these PLNs in place. And I think we'll see more and more of it as we go into the future. So stay tuned.
Donald Hooker: Okay. Super. And then one last quick one. You guys -- I guess, the last question was on the COVID-19 testing at the Covance facilities. Does that have any kind of crowding out effect on the rest of Covance? Or is it -- are you not doing work that you otherwise would have done? Or is there any kind of crowding out from driving -- putting some of the COVID-19 testing activity at the Covance business?
Adam Schechter: No. As I said before, we could do 210,000 tests a day. We're doing 120,000 tests. We're using that facility opportunistically. But if we had other things that we needed to do in that facility, we would obviously use other facilities to run the test. One of the good things that we did was to go and run our tests on multiple platforms. So we're running on 8 different platforms. But at the same time, we have a network across the United States that we can kind of have materials and samples sent to the laboratories that will have the best turnaround time. And we can use our network to say, let's send more samples to this laboratory, less to that one, more to this one and we can do it on a very routine basis. So we have the ability to flex where we need to flex.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut at Jefferies.
Brian Tanquilut: Just a quick follow-up to Eric's question, flipping it to the core Diagnostics business. How are you thinking about margin sustainability once you ex out the COVID opportunity? I mean, obviously, very strong margins during the quarter. So just trying to figure out what you think core margins could be going forward.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Brian, I guess, similar. Obviously, the big driver in the margin improvement, as you pointed out, was the COVID testing. We actually did leverage well, even excluding COVID testing in Diagnostics. This business a little bit, kind of, the opposite on the Drug Development side. As Adam said, we have the personnel for the business that we have. So we have a little bit more of a headwind on Diagnostics because of the significant growth in the business. We continue to add personnel as we're going. So we -- from a personnel standpoint, we really leverage. So with the LaunchPad savings we had in the quarter, margins held up really well, even despite the negative impact of PAMA with the Diagnostics. But strong under, call it, the base business underlying the margins were -- came in very strong.
Operator: And our next question comes from Stephen Baxter of Wolfe Research.
Stephen Baxter: I wanted to ask you about PCR reimbursement. So it's very helpful you provide the precise revenue and testing figures around COVID. So thank you for that. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about what your average PCR reimbursement was in Q3 and how that compares to what you saw in Q2. When I look at your disclosures, I'm backing into something in the mid-90s for Q3, whereas for Q2, I was backing into something more like mid- to high-70s. So just wondering if there was anything in there related to true-up maybe as you got more confidence in your ability to collect on managed care. And an extension of that would just be how we should be thinking about PCR reimbursement in Q4.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Sure. So our reimbursement in this quarter was about the same as last quarter. It was in the mid-80s to upper 80s and that's been consistent. And as I mentioned before, with our three principles, the second principle is that we charge people the Medicare rate, which is $100. As we continue to be in the emergency declaration, which is through the first month of next year, I think the 22nd or something like that of January, I believe we'll continue to have good reimbursement. The question will be, will they continue the emergency declaration? If they do, I believe reimbursement will continue or if they don't, I think we'll have pressure on pricing without the emergency declaration. The other thing is you did see that Medicare is now still reimbursing for $100 per patient, but only if your turnaround time is two days. And you have to average two days for the month before and be two days brings with the test. The good news is that we're at about a 1 day turnaround time. So we feel pretty comfortable with that. But we'll continue as we go through the fall season and we see numbers increase, watch that extraordinarily closely.
Stephen Baxter: Got it. And just 1 somewhat related follow-up. Just on payer mix. Obviously, there's a ton going on with the pricing numbers at the moment. Just wondering if you could give us an update on what you're seeing in terms of any payer mix shift or potentially increases in assumptions around like bad debt accruals and like?
Adam Schechter: Yes. We're really not seeing any significant change in payer mix. It's pretty consistent as it's been in the past.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. I think that's the end on bad debt accruals.
Stephen Baxter: Yes, obviously, concerning economic trends across the country. Wondering if you're seeing any increase in bad debt.
Glenn Eisenberg: Good. Yes, I just want to make sure I understood the question, right. Yes. From a bad debt standpoint, obviously, as you know, we reserved in the first quarter, $17 million. We have seen an increase in the bad debt, just given the financial strain that obviously is impacting some of our clients. We feel that the reserves that we've established are adequate, but there's no question we've seen a little bit of a pickup in the bad debt, but we feel our rate that we accrue for is very adequate relative to the expectations that we have for that going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rivka Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley.
Rivka Goldwasser: So Adam, I think earlier in response to a question, you sort of downplayed the role of serology testing once a vaccine is available. Do you think -- do you anticipate based just on historical context any guidelines around use of testing in conjunction with the COVID vaccine? And are you having any conversations with the biopharma company around that?
Adam Schechter: Yes, absolutely, Ricky. And I still believe that the serology testing is going to be important in the future. I just don't think we have the science yet to tell us. Is it neutralizing antibodies, is it total antibodies, quantitative analysis, T cell involvement outside of antibodies. So my only comment was meant to say that there's a lot more science that needs to be done. If it really is, is it going to be an annual vaccine? Or is it going to be every couple of years? If it's more than every year, you'll need titers measured and those types of things. So I think there will be a role.  We're in conversations, I'd say, with most if not all the major pharma companies, conversations with operation more speed and conversations with many other science and thought leaders in this area. So we're building a whole series of potential ways to measure the impact of vaccines. I can't tell you which one is going to work. But I can tell you, if there is something, which historically there has been, we're going to do everything as we can to be ready for it.
Rivka Goldwasser: Okay. So just to clarify, because if we think of one of the questions we're getting is kind of like what are the drivers, right, in the second half of '21 and into '22 post-PCR? So to your point, there's going to be some sort of testing that's going to replace PCR? Are you just at this point, we don't know which test it's going to be?
Adam Schechter: So I think there will be some. But Ricky, what I would say is that I look at the PCR testing almost as like a short-term opportunity in a period of time. And then once that's gone, there's going to be some type of impact to the ability to grow. But what you're going to want to look at is our underlying business. So I mentioned that we have 1 oncology trial for major pharma company. I mentioned that we're starting to see the power of the combined based on what we've done with the COVID testing. What we're looking to show you is the proof that says that having Diagnostics with Drug Development matters, which you're really starting to see now.  We won more than 350 or approximately 350 COVID trials, which is a very significant number of the total trials. And what you're going to start to see is that translating into our core business changing. So yes, I do think there will be some things that we'll continue to do with COVID testing over time, with vaccines and so forth. Whether that completely offsets PCR testing, I don't know. I mean, it depends on what it is, how often you do it and so forth. But importantly, the work and what we're showing with our underlying business is going to be where you'll see growth as we go out into future years.
Rivka Goldwasser: So then if you think about that, the pandemic clearly increased focus on the critical role of testing. Are you seeing this filtering already into discussions with health systems and payers beyond the COVID impact?
Adam Schechter: I think people have a new recognition for the importance of testing and the importance of testing combined with Drug Development. And you already hearing people talk about antibiotic resistance that could be occurring based upon treatment of COVID and other things. And I think there are going to be other bugs that we're going to have to figure out how to detect and how to treat in the future. So I do believe that the world now has a different view of the importance of diagnostic testing.  And one of the things that I'm going to be advocating for very strongly is the removal of PAMA. There's no impact of PAMA for next year. But I think it should be removed entirely because I think part of the reason that we were not as prepared as we needed to be for this pandemic is because for years, people underestimated the importance of diagnostic testing. They starved the diagnostic testing business. State laboratories, for example, were using machines that were so old and antiquated that we need government and payers to understand that for us to have excess capacity, for us to have dual supply chains, for us to have the latest and greatest innovations, we need to continue to have fair reimbursement.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Larew with William Blair.
Matthew Larew: Adam, you referenced the sequential improvement in the base business Q2 to Q3, despite a second wave and then further improvement here in October despite record case consent in recent weeks. So just kind of curious what the key underlying improvements you're seeing. Is it as simple as PPE being available when offices are open? Curious about that. And then maybe just comment on demand trends in some geographies for perhaps a peak has already occurred. Are there places where you're actually seeing year-over-year growth at this point?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Matt, so we have seen some sequential improvement months-over-months. When the country shut down back in March, we saw almost all physicians offices or many of physicians offices shut down. And it took them a while to move over to telemedicine, frankly. And we saw the hospitals that were pretty overwhelmed and didn't have PPE, didn't have enough ventilators. And therefore, it was hard for people to get routine procedures and so forth. What we've now seen is even in areas that have a significant outbreak, the physician's offices still stay open or they have significant capabilities to telemedicine to keep people getting routine care. We've seen that the hospitals are able to now have enough PPE. They continue to do routine surgeries and procedures and so forth. So unless you saw a major shutdown of the health care system again, I think that you'll continue to see the sequential improvement. The only caveat I have is if it's a really significant flu season and physicians' offices are path of people coughing and sneezing and you don't know if it's flu or COVID, I think people may once again say, you know what, I'm going to wait to get my routine care. So that's why I'm hesitant to say what I think will happen in the coming months because it really, to some degree, in my opinion, is going to depend on how hard a flu season we hit.
Matthew Larew: Okay. I appreciate that. And then maybe just actually following up on the point you raised regarding flu season. Obviously, understanding that it's very early here, but just curious what you're hearing from your preferred physicians or maybe your own medical team about what preference will be for flu versus the combination test, whether it's for symptomatic or asymptomatic patients? Obviously, there's a variety of both modalities and test combinations that are now available.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So first thing, to answer your other question about geography, we're not really seeing a significant difference by geography based upon outbreaks. We're seeing pretty consistent growth. Some geographies are using more point-of-care tests, some are using other laboratories and so forth. But in general, I don't think you see a major difference in geography for us. With regard to the demand by test, I think for asymptomatic patients, they'll continue to do the COVID test alone, if they've been exposed to somebody or if they've been in contact with somebody that has the disease. I don't think there's any reason to do multiple tests if the person doesn't have symptoms. I think if somebody presents themselves in a doctor's office, they may do a flu point-of-care test. And if it's positive, they may say, okay, go home, take care of yourself. And if it doesn't resolve itself, we'll have you tested for COVID. I think in some situations, even for a positive flu test, they are going to say, you know what, let's just test you for COVID and flu anyway, just to be certain. If you have a negative flu test point of care, I think they're certainly going to test you for COVID if you have symptoms. And then the question is, will they add on a flu test because they know sometimes you get false negatives with the point-of-care test and it may just be easier to say let's add a flu test on there. So we're preparing for all of those different scenarios as we go forward. I think that the majority of tests will still be COVID alone, but there could be a significant number, particularly for symptomatic patients that are in combination for flu and/or RSV.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Leonard of Wells Fargo.
Daniel Leonard: So first off, how would you characterize any efforts you have underway to maintain your share of COVID molecular testing as it seems that there are new labs and new entrants spinning up all the time in this market?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Dan, so if you look at our share, I'll first start off with ACLA laboratories. So we get a sense ACLA reports the total number of tests. I know what our actual number of tests are, so I can calculate our share and we have a very strong share of ACLA labs. And in fact, it's growing slightly if you go quarter-over-quarter. The question you're asking, though, is with more point-of-care tests out there, with additional local laboratories, what could the future bring? What I would say is, to date, we haven't seen a very significant impact. I think this country needs as many tests as it can get, frankly. I think there is a need for point-of-care tests. I think for surveillance, having antigen tests available are helpful. I think in hospitals and nursing homes, you want faster tests to actually do surveillance. And then if you have positive cases, you do PCR test. So I actually think there's a role for all the different types of tests that we have in the marketplace. To me, the question really is what was asked before, which is once there's a vaccine, what does the role of testing look like? And that's where it's a little difficult to answer because what if a vaccine works in 70% of people and doesn't work in the other 30% and 1 of only 70% of people get the vaccine, so there's 30% that don't get it in the first place. Well, you still have a lot of people in that scenario that would want PCR testing over time. So we still have to learn more for that scenario.
Daniel Leonard: I appreciate that. And then, Adam, for my follow-up, I appreciate that there's uncertainty around the market demand for the combo test as opposed to COVID stand-alone. But if demand for the combo test came in higher than you'd anticipate, how would you characterize your capacity on that test at LabCorp to meet the demand?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Dan, I can tell you, at a meeting with the team, I think, it was last week and we're continuing to have ongoing discussions. And we're gearing up for as many tests that we might need. When I talk about 210,000 capacity, it's the reagents that are a bit different, not necessarily the machinery. So as long as we have reagents to do those tests, we should be able to do as many as that if we need to. So we're going to continue to build the capacity and then we'll have -- we're trying to get enough reagents that we can go either way if we need to.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe of Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe: Great. Glenn, I wanted to go back to your comment on increasing test per session. Do you think that's a consequence of COVID where physicians are sort of ordering more panels even outside of COVID and do you think there is sustainability of that where you get kind of a continued uplift there?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, Ralph, call it, speculative, but the feeling is there's probably been a fair amount of pent-up demand as people haven't been going for especially the routine testing. And so now as they're coming back, they're doing more tests, if you will, per that session is, call it, a catch-up, if you will. So we have seen it. We've seen it for the last couple of quarters. It picked up in this quarter. The assumption would be, obviously, that, that would start to come back down, still be a positive favorable price/mix for us, but probably not to the levels that we've seen at least over the couple of quarters, but we'll have to wait and see.
Ralph Giacobbe: Got it. Okay. Makes sense. And then just quickly on -- if you could help on the volume mix of COVID. First between, if you could split out commercial versus Medicare versus Medicaid in terms of the volume mix of COVID. And then if you could also help across where it's essentially coming from between drive up sites versus employers versus universities versus health providers. I don't know if you have that breakout, but it would be helpful just to kind of understand where the volumes come from.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So let me start with the second question first. The vast majority of the tests that we do, I'm not talking about all the tests in the marketplace, but the ones that we do are still coming from urgent care centers, from physician offices, from people that are treating patients. We do some, obviously, from employers. We do some for hospitals still, but the vast majority is in those physician offices and in the urgent care centers, those types of places. We continue to see Pixel doing well. It's about 5% to 10% of our volume. And some of that is with employers, but a lot of that is just people ordering at home tests and we expect that will continue to be a good portion of our mix. And then if you look at the breakout, it's not too different than what you would expect the overall breakout of our business to be in terms of reimbursement because it's coming primarily from urgent cares and physicians.
Adam Schechter: So I want to thank everybody for joining us today. Hopefully, you can see that LabCorp is leading with science. And I believe it's never been more important or more apparent than right now as we continue our unwavering commitment to our mission of improving health and improving lives. I can tell you that our team will continue to partner with our customers, our suppliers, other organizations who share our commitment to lead the way through this crisis. And at the same time, importantly, at the same time, we're going to continue to execute on our strategy for growth, which remains our long-term consistent strategy. We appreciate your time today. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 13:20:07) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the LabCorp of America Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Clarissa Willett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, maam.
Clarissa Willett: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to LabCorps second quarter 2020 conference call. As detailed in todays press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and internet. With me today are Adam Schechter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning in the Investor Relations section of our website at labcorp.com, we posted both, our press release and an investor relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which includes a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the GAAP financial measures discussed during todays call. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to statements with respect to expectations for 2020 and the related assumptions, including the projected impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Companys businesses, operating results, cash flows and/or financial conditions, our responses to and the expected future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business more generally, as well as on general economic, business and market conditions. Each of the forward-looking statements is based upon current expectations and is subject to change, based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and in the Companys other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any update to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now, Ill turn the call over to Adam Schechter.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Clarissa. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. For more than 50 years, LabCorp has led through science, innovation and technology. During the current pandemic, that leadership has been front and center, when the world has needed us most. I continue to be impressed with how quickly our teams have rallied to confront each and every challenge put before them. And I want to thank our 65,000 employees as their efforts have been heroic during this difficult time. During the second quarter, we delivered solid performance across the Company, despite the impact of the pandemic. We delivered revenue of $2.8 billion, adjusted EPS of $2.57 and free cash flow of $272 million. We were encouraged to see steady recovery in our Base Business during the quarter for both diagnostic and drug development, as people are starting to return to their doctors for testing and clinical trials activity is resuming, including those that are for COVID-19 related research.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. Im going to start my comments with the review of our second quarter results followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with some commentary regarding our current expectations for the remainder of 2020. As a reminder, in the first quarter, we were able to estimate the impact of COVID-19 on our results, given that the impact was late in the quarter. However, we commented that we would not be able to do that going forward. For second quarter results, we have quantified the revenue associated with the COVID-19 molecular and serology tests, so that you can see the change in the Base Business.
Operator:  Our first question comes from the line of Eric Coldwell from Baird. Your line is now open.
Eric Coldwell: Thanks very much for all the details. A quick question on Covance. Im just curious if you could give us some sense on the nature of the strong bookings, particularly how much might be related to COVID-specific work. And maybe as a follow-on to that, if you could give us any details on the performance of the three segments, clinical, central lab and early development, how those individually played out during the quarter? Thanks very much.
Adam Schechter: Hi, Eric. Good morning. So, Covance had a very good quarter. And I think it continues to show the power of having both, diagnostics and drug development together. If you look, we had put together a enterprise-only response team. And that team includes people from both, our diagnostics business and our scientists from diagnostics together with people and scientists from drug development. And weve been participating in discussions on almost every vaccine and almost every treatment for COVID-19. With that said, as I mentioned in my script, most of those trials are still pretty early stage. So for the quarter, they didnt necessarily contribute a very significant amount of dollars. As we move forward, I believe that it will be increasingly important in terms of our revenue. If you look at the three parts of our business, our early development and central laboratories began to come back quicker than the clinical work. And thats because if, for example, we have a central lab in China, as China opened up, we saw the capacity fill pretty fast. And as markets opened where we have the central laboratories, weve seen those countries continue to increase with the capacity that we have, quickly. Early development, we continue to do very well and that includes some of the early work that I just mentioned for COVID-19. Clinical, we have seen an increase in accessibility of sites, and thats gone up fairly significantly, particularly driven by Asia. Although theres not as many sites in Asia, as there are in the U.S. and Europe, most of the sites in Asia are now accessible. However, many companies are still waiting until theres global accessibility before starting some of those particularly later stage Phase 3 trials, and I think thats still going to take some time. So that business coming back has taken longer than the other two.
Eric Coldwell: Yes. Adam, your peers that have reported to-date, have talked about COVID awards comprising somewhere between call it, high-teens and even mid-twenties of total bookings. Could you share with us, your experience?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So, I am not going to give you the exact percent, because its a book-to-bill, as you can imagine, it moves based upon what makes it through Phase 1 and to Phase 2 and so forth. But were not that dependent on COVID-19 trials at the moment. So, I can compare to their numbers, but our numbers are not as dependent upon COVID.
Eric Coldwell: Got it. Thanks very much.
Adam Schechter: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Nephron Research. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. Adam, I was hoping to get your perspective as to how you think testing for COVID-19 is going to evolve as we head into the fall. What portion of the testing do you think is going to move to pool method? Do you think molecular is going to remain a good to approach? And just any perspectives on antigen testing would be great.
Adam Schechter: Absolutely. Good morning, Jack. So, the first thing I would say, its been pretty remarkable how in early March we were doing 2,000 to 3,000 PCR tests per week. And here we are in the end of July and were able to do 180,000 PCR tests per day. I mean, thats just astonishing. For people that understand the type of equipment that you need to run PCR tests, its completely different than what you would need for blood tests, and weve had to build significant capacity. I believe that we have to continue to build capacity. We dont know for certain what the fall will bring. But, as schools open up, as businesses open up and as the fall flu season comes to fruition, I think were going to continue to do more testing. And I do believe that PCR testing will remain the gold standard for telling if somebody currently has the disease. And therefore, we will continue to build the past feet as fast as we can and overcome some of the issues that we face in terms of supplies and machinery. At the same time, I think that all testing is going to play a role. Pool testing is particularly helpful in areas with low prevalence, in things like back-to-school or back-to-work because with low prevalence, you can do the pool testing and then you dont have to do any retesting. I dont think its going to be the most significant amount of testing that were doing. In fact, I believe that the standard PCR testing in the fall will remain the most significant by far of the testing that we do for PCR. But, I do think that the pool testing will add to our capacity and give us additional capabilities. Things like antigen testing, I think have a role also. So for example, if you wanted to test a large group of people with antigen testing, point-of-care, get quick answers, you could then see if theres any positive people in that large group. If there are, I would go back and test them with PCR testing. If theres none, I would probably feel pretty comfortable that I dont have to retest. The issue with the antigen testing has been today is that you can miss some positives. So, you want to make sure if you have somebody positive, you test the people that tested negative. But if its a pretty population, it would be a statistical anomaly for everybody to test falsely negative. So if you see one positive in that population, I would go back and retest them with PCR. So, I think were going to need all the capacity we can get to get through the fall, assuming that the flu season could be big, and were all doing the best we can to prepare for it.
Jack Meehan: Great. Thank you. And maybe just building off that, given some of the expectations around testing in the second half, how are the incremental margins on the COVID testing stacking up versus the Base Business? And whats your philosophy on reinvesting portion of that back into the business?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So, Ill give you a broad statement. Ill ask Glenn to give you some specifics. But, were going to continue to build capacity irrespective of cost, and thats been our philosophy from the beginning. Buy as many machines as we can, get as much testing equipment as we can. And frankly, thats what got us to 180,000 per day, along with our scientific capabilities. The LabCorps scientists have just been extraordinary to get us where we are today. And I want to continue to build that. It will be a good day if we get to fall and we have more capacity than the number of samples that we get in. And thats what were going to strive for, albeit its not going to be easy. We need help from our suppliers. We are working 24 hours a day, seven days a week to try to get more reagents, more machines and so forth. But, in terms of the margins, Ill let Glenn give you some specifics.
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure. Jack, weve commented in the past that when we -- obviously given the fixed cost nature of the diagnostics business, the incremental dropdown for new testing, call it was around 65%. So, weve used that example when theres been weather and whats happened. So, the COVID testing clearly falls within the ballpark, if you will, of what we would have experienced with our other testing. So, obviously, helping contribute to the improved leverage, if you will, with the additional testing that were doing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Baxter from Wolf Research. Your line is now open.
Stephen Baxter: I wanted to follow up on the pooling for molecular testing. So, my understanding was you will initially be doing this on your LTD. I guess, how much of your daily volume today runs through the LTD? And what do you think is the multiplier effect that youll get on that capacity? And then, just as a follow-up, whats the process for expanding pooling onto your other testing platforms? And then, when do you expect to see that occur? Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you, Stephen. The first thing Id say is that we launched back in March with our LDT, and thats a laboratory developed test by LabCorps scientists. And its been remarkable, the amount of volume that weve been able to do through that LDT. Of course, we still need our suppliers and the other companies to help us to get to 180,000. But I have to say that our scientists did an extraordinary job with the LDT to get up to 180,000 today. Im not going to give you the exact number through the LDT because that changes. It changes based upon we have 16 labs running tests, different labs have the LDT, different labs have other equipment. So, at the end of the day, it depends on where the samples are, which tests we run them. And what we try to do is optimize our network, so we can get the best possible turnaround we can. To be at two to three days right now, turn around for patients and the hospital inpatient even faster says that weve found a real way to use our capacity and distribute it successfully. With regards to the pool tests, I dont think that we want to give a certain percent that will go through that. Instead, what I would say is were going to make sure that as much of our LDT that is a significant amount of our volume, its a significant amount, and go through that if we need it. At the same time, well have to file EUAs to use other platforms, to run the pooled analysis on, and we would expect to do that as we move forward. But for now, I think with our LDT, we can do as much pooling as what we would deem appropriate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much. Good morning. Adam, I want to go back to the core volume. Can you give us any color as to what youve seen thus far in July, especially in areas of the country where we have seen some level of resurgence, would be my first question. And then, secondly, I know youre not giving guidance, but just curious around your continued expectation on the reimbursement guide for COVID testing.
Adam Schechter: Sure. Good morning, Lisa. And, it was interesting because in the first quarter, when we saw the volumes up by 55% in the month of March, we didnt know how fast it would come back. And there was a concern that it could take an extended period of time. To be Frank with you, Ive been surprised at how fast it has come back. As states have opened, weve seen the testing come back more significantly. For example, as Florida and Texas and Georgia opened up first, we saw the core testing come back faster. As states begin to modulate and slow down a little bit, you see the testing slow down. So, theres definitely a correlation between how far and how fast the states have opened and how far and how fast our Base Businesses has come back. What I would say is, for June, it was the first time since COVID that we saw that the total testing including our COVID testing was above prior year. In July, its still early, we dont have all the data for the month, but were seeing continued strength in the Base Business in base testing. The reason that we have not giving guidance for the rest of the year is because as we say, its impossible to know how fast states will move, will they slow down a little bit, if they see additional breakout? What will the fall look like? What could happen? Will it be another slowdown to the Base Business? So, were watching it, I mean, frankly, almost every day. But, we want to make sure that we continue to do the best we can to be able to forecast that. In terms of reimbursement, they did announce, HHS that they extended the emergency in the United States. Typically, that lasts for another 90 days. We assume that the reimbursement will continue to be strong as we go through the emergency situation, and then well just have to see what happens as we go after that 9-day extension.
Lisa Gill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Dan Leonard from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. So, hoping you could elaborate further on what youre seeing from the return-to-work demand front. Adam, you mentioned, youre connected with hundreds of employers. But, Id love to be able to quantify that or better understand the magnitude in some fashion.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Sure, Dan. Good morning. The first thing I would say is that, I spend a lot of time talking to other CEOs, talking to presidents of universities, and we try to help them understand ways that they can think about going back to work or back-to-school, and different companies and universities are thinking about different approaches. And sometimes it depends on if theyre in a hotspot, if theyre in an area of very low prevalence, what type of workforce they have, their healthcare workers, do they have factory workers? So, a lot of things go into the discussion and its a multi-variant discussion. In general, the first thing that we talked about is the importance of wearing masks, social distancing, ensuring the work place is clean, good hygiene, cleaning elevators and elevator bottoms, ensuring the air flow in the buildings are appropriate. Prevention and keeping people out of work that are sick, having temperature checks before they come into school or work, questionnaires, thats all critical. The second thing is that, once somebody does make it into school or workplace and has any symptoms, you want to test them with PCR as quickly as possible, and you want to have tracking and tracing capabilities and be able to track and trace anybody thats been around them. And then, you want to have a place to isolate them, particularly if youre in a university while you wait for the results to come back. And thats why having the type of turnaround that we do two to three days is so important for tracking and tracing. And then, ultimately, over time, we want to work with them to get flu vaccinations for their workforce, so that when they get to the fall flu season, theyll have a sense as to what is flu versus what might be COVID-19. So, were trying to work with these companies across the entire upfront of what they can be thinking about as they go into the August, September timeframe. What I can say is a lot of my time is spent on talking them how them doing testing because the types of testing people have said is, why dont I test everybody once a week? I dont think that makes a lot of sense to do that. I think, if they want to do surveillance, thats fine. But to try to test everybody once a week thatll give you one point in time. And the next day, if somebody is sick and starts to spread it, you wont necessarily have done a lot. Youve spent a lot of money on testing that probably was not the best use of your time and money. So, to be honest with you, I spend a lot of time trying to help them think about it logically, and a lot of my time is trying to make them understand how to best use testing and where its appropriate. And I can tell you, Im spending a lot of my time and my team is spending a lot of time talking to these folks.
Dan Leonard: I appreciate all that color. And then, for my follow-up, Adam, you commented earlier about the differential trends at Covance by line of business. Can you also comment by customer segment between large pharma, maybe midsize pharma and what youre seeing out of the emerging biotech crowd that has been pretty successful raising money to-date?
Adam Schechter: Yes. I would say were seeing increases and were seeing business across all biopharma, pharma, large, small, U.S., ex-U.S. But, its in the lines of business, like I mentioned to you earlier that were seeing the business come back faster in early development, central laboratories, and over time as we will see more in the clinical area. But, I dont think theres a differentiation and segmentation across the customers within those segments. Were seeing strength frankly, and RFPs across them all.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Donald Hooker from KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Donald Hooker: Great. Good morning. I was curious, you guys took a receivable reserve, I think last quarter, given the potential for cash collection issues, obviously with more unemployment. How has that played out? And how -- I know you guys have invested a lot in technologies in that area as well to mitigate that. Can you maybe elaborate on your experience there?
Glenn Eisenberg: Hi, Don. Its Glenn. Yes. As you mentioned, the first quarter, given the pandemic coming and looking back at other times where were seeing significant financial disruption and how it impacted our client base, we established a reserve of $17 million. We have seen an increase in our bad debt experience, but we feel that the reserves that we have established are very adequate going forward and nothing that was unexpected, at least at this time.
Donald Hooker: Okay. Super. And then, maybe just last question for me in the Covance business, given all the disruptions, are you seeing any change in pricing across the various lines of business you have there, particularly early development?
Adam Schechter: No, in general, were not seeing any significant changes.
Donald Hooker: Okay. That is helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering from DB. Your line is now open.
Justin Bowers: Hi. Good morning. This is Justin Bowers on for Pito. And thanks for the questions. Just with respect to pooling are you -- is the plan to roll that out to all of the 19 test sites? And then, secondarily, when we do some quick math on the multiplier effect, we arrive, lets say 300,000 to 350,000 like a theoretical capacity. But, just based on your earlier comments, it sounds like, molecular is going to be the primary modality. So, can you help us to think about kind of the ramp there or what the capacity is with pooling? And then, Ill stop there.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thanks for the question, Justin. And pooling is an important piece, but its not, in my opinion going to be the primary piece. PCR testing will continue to be the primary piece of what we do. And if you look at our labs, we will not be rolling out pooling all of our labs. It takes a lot of technical capabilities to do the analysis, the analytics to hold the samples where you test the samples. It is a lot of work and you need some specialized equipment from it. So, well have it in multiple laboratories, but certainly not across all laboratories. And then, we have to make sure we use it in the right patient population. So, were not going to just broadly start trying to pool patients. Were going to look for the right places and the right parts of the country or the right organizations where we believe the prevalence will be such that pooling makes sense. What I would avoid is, trying to go to theoretical capacity. And for example, right now, we can do 180,000 tests per day. We have done in a day, 180,000 tests and we know we can. But, I would not take 180,000 and times it by 7 and try to figure out capacity. Because if you can do 180,000, but you want to maintain a one to two-day or two to three-day turnaround, you dont want to run at full capacity. You want to be below that. So, were going to continue to ensure that we do as many tests as we can, but we want to manage the turnaround time as best we can as well. So, to me, theoretical capacity is just that. But thats not how I build our financial model. I build it based upon practical utilization of the test, of which pooling will be a part of, but the overall PCR testing will drive it.
Justin Bowers: I appreciate it. And just a quick follow-up. In terms of the Base Business, when you look at some of the areas where some of the hotspots around the country now, how is the Base Business trending versus like earlier in the pandemic? And just trying to get a sense of like the magnitudes and the swings, because I would think its not as severe as it was lets say in April.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So, its bounced back pretty significantly. And what weve seen is, as states have begun to open up, the base testing has increased. And for the first time, if you look at our base testing plus our COVID-19 testing in June, we actually had volume that was above the year. So, that just gives you a sense that the Base Business came back pretty well.
Justin Bowers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Citi. Your line is now open.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. Adam, you talked and mentioned the flu a times during the call. Just hoping to get a little bit of sense of what youre expecting for the flu season, how it plays out, just given the current backdrop and what are your testing capabilities to sort of do both in one shot. And then practically speaking, could you just give us a sense of how big flu testing is for you and again whether you think there is an uptick there?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you, Ralph. Good morning. And what I would say is, if you look at this pandemic, the only thing that has been predictable is the fact that its been unpredictable. And what we want to do is build as much capacity as fast as we can for any circumstance that comes at us come the fall flu season. When you look at the flu season, we think that this will probably be one of the highest years for people to get flu vaccinations. And we hope as many people that are able and that its appropriate for it to get those vaccinations can do it. Our LabCorp Employer Services are actually helping businesses get vaccinations for flu for their employees. Its going to depend on the flu season, the strain, how effective those vaccines are. As you know, every year theres a different efficacy of the flu vaccine. So, well see how that plays out, based upon the strains. But under all circumstances, I think that COVID-19 together with the flu season is going to be more problematic than where we are today. We are developing combined tests of multiple respiratory ailments, including things like flu and COVID-19. Flu has not been a very significant driver of revenue for us in the past. But, I think with COVID-19, its going to continue to be important to know is it flu or is it COVID-19? If somebody does a rapid flu test in a physicians office and it comes back negative and they saw symptoms, theyre going to probably want to get the PCR test. If somebody comes back positive for flu in the office, I feel good about that, but I would still want to validate it in case it was a point-of-care false positive and get the PCR test. So thats why I believe under almost every circumstance, weve got to be prepared and do everything we can to build as much capacity for the flu season.
Ralph Giacobbe: And then, just quick follow-up. I want to go to the pricing number ex-COVID, so just the base, I think was up almost 7% ex-PAMA and Beacon. Is that just all acuity driven, or what are the factors? And maybe whats a more sustainable number as we think were going to have?
Glenn Eisenberg: Thats right. The mix impact on the Base Business was up 5.2%, but negatively impacted the 2% between PAMA and BeaconLBS. So, call it around 7%. Again, youll notice that this time, weve used the price mix to help define the revenues, so volume and price mix to get to our change in revenues. We have changed the methodology, as you would have seen in the past, using revenue per requisition, given that in the past that was always a good proxy, if you will for our pricing or our mix within the business. And what was interesting this quarter is were trying to explain our, call it, 3.9% reduction in revenue, if you took our volume, change and our revenue per requisition change, you would get to minus 0.1. So this is really the first quarter that theres been a change, and thats just due to the dramatic decline in volumes that weve experienced. So the rec number, if you will within the base would have been around 19.4%. So, the pricing overall within the Base Business, we always talk about it being that from a unit price is relatively stable. So normally where we see the change is normally in favorable mix. It could be test per session, it could be acquisition-related, but most of its just driven off of test mix or potentially some payer mix as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Hi. Good morning. Just a couple of questions here, the first one on serology. So, Adam, maybe you can share your thoughts. What do you think serology testing guidelines could look like when the vaccine is available?
Adam Schechter: Hey. Good morning, Ricky. The first thing I would say is that weve built capacity in serology to a very significant degree. We can do 300,000 tests a day. We can do the total antibodies. We can look at the IgG, IgM, IgA. And I think that weve done a really good job to get that up and running. Theres really still information and science that we need to understand what those antibodies mean. So, we need to understand if you have the antibodies, are you immune? If youre immune, for how long does that last? If you have any antibodies, and they start to wane over time, will your T cells kick in if youre exposed to virus again, and you have an immune response? So, I would say that theres still more science that needs to be out there before we can give a definitive answer as to what they mean. But at a minimum, I would want to know if I had COVID-19 in the past, because I want to know that I beat it. So, if I have the antibodies, I would know that, I had COVID-19 in the past and I beat it. Number two, as you start to think about plasma an convalescence blood plasma and collecting that, youre going to want to know that people have antibodies in the plasma, so that if that works as a treatment, we can get plasma from as many people as possible. I think antibody testing is going to be important for that. Ultimately, I think youre going to need quantitative anybody testing that would say what level of anybodies you have. And I think thats going to be important. And we have a quantitative antibody test as well as a qualitative anybody test. So, at the end of the day, were at the forefront of science on antibodies, on understanding T cells and other immune responses, but we still need more science and more research to give us the definitive answers.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And then, on the PCR side. I mean, to your point, you said, we have 180,000 capacity but practical utilization is below that. So, when you think about current demand levels, to achieve that one to two days ideal turnaround, where does capacity need to be?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So, Ricky, thats a big question. And as you go into the fall, I cant tell you the answer to that, because we dont know what the demand is going to be. And thats why we are building as much capacity as fast as we can. I have no constraints on buying machines and buying reagents. Were working with our suppliers who have been just terrific to work with to build whatever we need. And it would be a good day if we get through the fall and said, we have more capacity than what we needed. With regard to where we are today at 180,000, were already -- for hospitalized patients, were at about a day, day and a half turnaround. And then for everybody else, were already, right now, as we speak at a two to three-day turnaround. So, were doing really well in terms of turnaround. But weve got to keep building because we dont know what the volume is going to be in the fall. And we wont rest until we build and build and build as much as we can.
Ricky Goldwasser: And just one follow-up. When you think about the volumes, what percent of the volumes are hospitals versus the rest on the COVID side?
Adam Schechter: Yes. The hospital is small volume and over time it will get smaller. As there is more point-of-care tests available as its more cartridges for point-of-care tests available, I think the hospitals will try to use those as much as possible, so as we do some point-of-care tests in our TSAs, which are the hospital labs that we manage. So for me, hospital inpatients point-of-care is critical. Right now, we have great turnaround. Were doing that as fast as we can for them, but if I was running a hospital and I can get an answer even faster, I want it even faster. So, itll be a smaller percent as we go towards the future.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Derik de Bruin: Hi. Good morning. So, Ive got a couple of questions on the lab. So, your competitor put out a low end of their fourth quarter guidance that basically implied a slowdown in molecular testing. Im just wondering your sort of thoughts on that scenario happening. Is that even something thats remotely possible? And then, some commentary on what youre hearing from the commercial payers in terms of how theyre reimbursing? And then finally, have you looked at next generation sequencing as a way of increasing capacity? Is that something that you could potentially consider? Thank you.
Adam Schechter: So, what I would say is the reason that we have not provided guidance is because there are still so many unknowns as we go into the second half of the year. And the unknowns arent just with PCR testing. Its also with the Base Business. Right now, the Base Business has come back very well. Will it remain that way, particularly if we have another significant COVID-19 impact in the fall? Its hard to know. I believe that COVID-19 testing until theres a vaccine theyre going to need us to do as many as we can possibly do. And thats why were going to build that capacity as quickly as we can. So, I dont see a scenario, except if theres a vaccine or some type of technology that I dont know of today that would impact us that would say we dont need a lot of PCR testing going throughout this year. In terms of next generation sequencing, absolutely, were going to look at everything. The question is at what cost and what price point and how accurate will it be versus the PCR testing. And that kind of leads to your second question, which I put third, because I think commercial payers are going to look if they can get a very quick turnaround for an accurate test at a reasonable cost, it would do that versus other tests, unless theres a real scientific reason to do otherwise. So, what I can tell you, our scientists are looking at every technology available. Every time I read about one, or I see one, I send it to our scientists and they said, yes, weve already talked to them, weve already looked at it. So well be at the forefront of science and technology here. If its something that makes sense, were going to look at it and were going to do everything we can to be a part of it, just like weve done already with things like PacBio and Adaptive and so forth. But, as I sit here today, I think PCR testing as we go into the fall is going to be critical. And thats why we are so focused on trying to build capacity.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Lawler from William Blair. Your line is now open.
Dan Lawler: Hi. Good morning. This is Dan Lawler for Matt Larew. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the demand for COVID tests on the Pixel platform. Can you give us a sense for what share of your COVID tests have been through the platform and then how meaningful Pixel self-collection might be from a back-to-school or return-to-work perspective? Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So, Pixel continues to be an important part and one of the many offerings that we have for people to get PCR testing. It is not a significant, meaning not more than 25% of our volume, its less than that. But, we do see the Pixel volume increasing. And I do believe that as people go back to school or back to work, at-home collection kits will become more important. And thats why we have Pixel, but we also have other at-home collection kits outside of Pixel that we will use for both, mailings and for things like employers. So, I do believe it will become a more important piece of our mix. Even though were moving a lot of them today, therell be more as we go into the future.
Dan Lawler: Great. Thanks.
Adam Schechter: Youre welcome. Okay.
Operator: Thank you.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So, in close, our mission to improve health and improve lives demands that we stay at the forefront of the fight against COVID-19. The importance and the urgency of what we do has never been more clear. And our ability and our ability to support important scientific advances are unwavering. And we will only continue to strengthen it as we move into the future. So, I want to thank everyone for their support as we navigate the crisis, including our customers, our suppliers, and especially employees, were all in this together. Have a good day. Stay safe. Wear your mask and donate plasma.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thanks for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-29 14:29:03) =====
Company Representatives: Adam Schechter - President, Chief Executive Officer Glenn Eisenberg - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Clarissa Willett - Vice President of Investor Relations
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing, and welcome to the Q1, 2020 LabCorp conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. . Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. .  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Clarissa Willett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Clarissa Willett: Thank you, Operator. Good morning and welcome to LabCorp's First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this call available via telephone and internet.  With me today are Adam Schechter, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning in the Investor Relations section of our website at labcorp.com, we posted both our press release and an investor relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which includes a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call.  Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to statements with respect to expectations for 2020 and the related assumptions, including the projected impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the companys businesses, operating results, cash flows and our financial conditions, our responses to and the expected future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business more generally, as well as on general economics, business and market conditions.  Each of the forward-looking statements is based upon current expectations and is subject to change based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and in the companys other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any update to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now, I'll turn the call over to Adam Schechter.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Clarissa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. These are certainly unprecedented times in which we've been living and working as a result of the global pandemic. Every country, government, customer, shareholders and employee has been impacted by these turbulent times and LabCorp is no exception.  Given our unique role across the spectrum of diagnostic testing and drug development, we have risen to the challenge to help combat the virus. We are supporting the protection of both, those who are currently or previously infected by the virus and we're involved in the development of potential treatments and vaccines.  Our teams like many who are directly involved in fighting this pandemic, have been working around the clock, and they remain energized by all that we are doing to minimize the impact in the United States and around the world. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. I'm going to start my comments by discussing the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic had on our business, and then provide some details on our first quarter results. While we're not providing specific guidance today for the year, I'll provide some commentary on our current assumptions and expectations for the remainder of 2020.  As Adam noted, our combined diagnostics and drug development offering uniquely enables us to help combat the global COVID-19 pandemic, by supporting the detection of the virus through diagnostic testing, as well as the development of treatments. While we continue to play a critical role in combating this pandemic, COVID-19 has had an adverse impact on the performance of both of our businesses, albeit at different magnitude and in different ways. In our diagnostics business, at the end of the quarter, we experienced reductions in demand for testing a 50% to 55% versus the company's normal daily levels. This reduction in demand impacted testing volume broadly, but with a more heavily weighted towards routine procedures. It also impacted esoteric tests, but to a lesser degree due to the critical and time sensitive nature of these test results.  In addition, while weve ramped up capacity for COVID-19 tests, the impact of the new volume has only marginally offset the lower volume we're experiencing with our broader test offering. While not impacting the quarter, we are also focused on increasing capacity of our new COVID-19 serology antibody tests of over 200,000 per day by mid-May, along with the increasing capacity of COVID-19 at-home test kit offering. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. . Our first question comes from Lisa Gill from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Lisa Gill: Good morning and thanks very much. Adam, thank you for all that your team is doing on the front lines of these difficult times. I just really want to understand just a couple of things. As we think about the testing volume for both COVID-19 as well as Serology, can you first talk about the expectations around reimbursement?  And then secondly, I know that youve pulled guidance, but with the anticipation of $200,000 Serology tests today, how many tests do you expect that you can get on the molecular side, and do you think  I know you said you expected the number to be down this year, but is there an anticipation that potentially this testing volume could help to offset some of what you're seeing as far as traditional volumes?  And then just lastly, like when we think about volumes going into the back half of the year, what are your expectations around kind of getting back to more normalization? Will that happen potentially by the time we get to the third or fourth quarter? I know that's a lot of questions in one, but I just wanted to kind of understand how you think about these volumes. 
A - Adam Schechter: Yes sure. Good morning Lisa and I'll probably think  you know I've been involved with LabCorp now for six years and I began as CEO in November, and you know when an organization is pushed to the limits, you really learn a lot about the organization. And the people of LabCorp work so hard and are doing so much and care about their work in a remarkable way, and just you can get to see the heart and the soul of an organization and what I've seen is just amazing and I'm just very impressed with the people that I'm working with, the scientists, the front line workers, the phlebotomists, the carriers. The people that are building up capacity have just been outstanding, so I'm just  it's a pleasure for me to be able to work with such great people. With regard to testing, let me try to give you some background of where we are and where I see things going. So it was just about 45 days ago that we began testing. We're able to do several thousand tests a day. Right now we can do about 60,000 tests a day. Im talking PCR testing first. Ill get to Serology in a moment, and we're going to continue to build that capacity.  I don't know the exact number that well be able to build to and how fast, but I would like to get over 100,000 tests per day as quickly as possible. The issue that you run into is you need additional machines and you can imagine there's lots of back orders and you know doing these RNA tests and the PCR test takes a lot of equipment. But we're going to try to build to get to over 100,000 as quickly as we can.  The interesting thing is for a short period of time when we're doing thousands a today, we did have some back orders for several weeks. We no longer have any back orders and in fact we have some additional capacity, so we're not using all of our capacity at the 60,000 per day right now. I think that's just short term and I think as states become up and running and back to business, I think that we will be at full capacity in the very near future, which is why we're trying to build more and more capacity as quickly as we can. So I believe that the PCR testing will be running at capacity for quite some time.  With regard to serology, it's still very early and it's not easy to predict. I think there's still some debate frankly in the marketplace on how to utilize the serology test and the way in which to go about using serology. Right now we can go over 50,000 serology tests a day, but we'll be able to do well over 200,000 a day by the middle of next month.  I don't know how long it will take though in order for us to use all that capacity per day and I think that there's several reasons why. One is, as companies, particularly large companies are coming back to work, some of them were talking about serology tests and doing them in a large scale, while some of them are saying they don't see the need. In addition to that, I believe there will be other ways such as point-of-care serology tests and I don't know how they are going to be used in the marketplace.  My expectation is that we'll be able to use most of our serology capacity as we get into the summer months and into the fall and I just don't know how quickly that will ramp up, but I think we'll be able to find ways to probably utilize most of the serology testing as we move forward through the summer. With regard to that though, when you think about those numbers, over 200,000 tests today in serology and maybe 100,000 tests over time for PCR, it's still a very small number compared to the 530 million or so tests that we do a year ago across all of our testing. So unless we start to see that come back, it will be hard for these tests to make up for the difference in what we've seen at the last weeks of March. Now the good news is we are starting to see a little bit less of a decline as we go towards the end of this month, and as the country gets back up and running, I would expect we'll start to see less of a decline over the summer. And assuming that there's no additional impact in the fall of this year with another impact from the COVID-19 virus, I would expect that as we get towards the end of the year a lot of the volume will come back and they always come back to the fact that what we did before was important for health.  I am worried right now that a lot of people that need diagnostic testing are not getting what they need. Once they feel comfortable again to go outside of their home, I believe they will start to go back for the diagnostic testing like they had in the past. Hopefully Ive answered your questions Lisa. Thank you.
Lisa Gill: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe from Citi. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. I just want to continue on the serology testing. I mean do you have any expectation of pricing at this point and timing of when CMS is going to release the rate? And then, is it your expectation that commercial rates are going to mirror those for serology and have insurers come up and match a $100 molecular test. Thanks. 
A - Adam Schechter: Yes, so let me start with the molecular testing. So molecular test, the reimbursed rate by Medicare is about  is $100, and thats what we charge all customers, $100. We're trying to in this pandemic and time of need, we're looking for a consistency and were charging a consistent pricing across the market place.  We don't have a Medicare price yet for the serology testing. I'm not saying for certainty that that will be our price that we charge all customers, but if you look at what we've done with the PCR testing, that's something that I'll be looking at very, very closely. Again, I want to make sure that we're seeing and doing everything we can in this pandemic to help in every way which we can, and I think that we should know something hopefully in the next days, certainly not more than a week or so I would expect. 
Operator: Thank you. I see our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo from UBS. Please go ahead.
Kevin Caliendo: Thank you. Good morning! I like to talk a little bit about the CRO. Have you seen any cancellation yet in anything and how the three segments are performing from a demand and disruption standpoint. The level of work that you can continue, any sort of visibility around that, you can break it down by the three CRO segments and maybe when you expect to get some activity ramping back up as the year progresses. 
Adam Schechter: Sure. Good morning, Kevin. So a couple of things here. First one, with regard to cancellations, in the first quarter we saw about the same number of cancellations that we would expect to see in any quarter. So we didn't see an acceleration of cancellations.  With regard to the overall CRO business, you know we continue to have growth despite COVID-19 in the first quarter, but obviously towards the end of the quarter we started to see a significant impact of people postponing trials. Interestingly that business started to be impacted a little bit earlier than the end of March, because we do have a dental laboratory business in China. The impact there was earlier than the United States and we've actually seen our business in China start to pick up as China has begun to open up.  But what I look at more than the segments and the timing of them coming back, because they will come back, is what's happening in the marketplace right now and I mentioned that if you look at the COVID-19 trials, whether it would be for vaccines, whether it be central laboratory work or it be early stage development for antiviral, we are winning more than our share would predict. In fact, almost twice the amount of studies as a percent that what you would have expected on the share. I think that's truly demonstrates the power of the combined.  When I watch what our teams are doing and our diagnostic teams are joining our drug development team in conversations with clients, and even with our diagnostic teams, our drug development teams are coming into the diagnostic discussions to help understand what is being done in the marketplace and the studies that are underway, we are really starting to see significant advantage of having both the diagnostics and drug development business.  Now most of the trials are pre-clinical or Phase I. Even there were winning more than our fair share of market, but what I wanted to say is that those vaccines and those antivirals going to Phase II and Phase III, that we continue to win above what our market share would suggest. So I'm excited about the long term prospects for certain. I'm seeing the power combined.  How quickly the business comes back is going to be determined as to some extent how quickly markets around the world open up, particularly for the Phase III clinical trials, because most of those are global clinical trials. But I would say that we are optimistic that the world needed what we did before this and certainly with what's happening today in the trials for COVID-19, I think our capabilities are needed even more so in the future. 
Kevin Caliendo: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Leonard from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dan Leonard : Thank you. So trying to understand the organic volume growth trend in the quarter in your lab business and in the disparity versus your large competitor. Can you comment on maybe any share dynamics in the quarter and were there any lingering headwinds from the expanded managed care access for your competitor or has that all annualized at this point? Thank you. 
Adam Schechter: Yeah, Ill give some context and Ill ask Glenn if he wants to just jump in. But you know basically you saw our decline of between 50% to 55% towards the end of the quarter in terms of volume in the last several weeks of March, and we've seen that kind of level off, and I'd say in the last couple of weeks we've actually seen it begin to come back a little bit.  We saw a little bit of a change in mix as well that the esoteric testing did not decline as fast as the overall testing did and that's not a surprise, because esoteric testing typically is more in severe diseases and so forth. That's a little bit of why you saw an increase in our average price for the quarter, its because the esoteric business held a bit stronger than the typical regular diagnostic business.  But as we go forward we would expect both businesses to begin to pick up and assuming that the country begins to come back to work and as we get to the summer, there's no additional impact in the fall season, I would expect both esoteric and the other diagnostic tests to come back to somewhat normal as we get through the end of the year. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah. Dan I guess Ill just add too. When you look at our normalized level of organic volume, it was pretty consistent with where we've been, at roughly around 1.3% when you take out the unusuals if you will.  So as Adam said, obviously backing out the impact of COVID, which we said was around a 7.3% impact, then we had three other kind of discrete items, two that were positive. So we benefited from the half of revenue day and that was around 0.7% benefits to our volume growth and then we had favorable weather compared to a year ago of around 0.8%. But that was offset effectively by lower consumer genetics demand at 1.6%.  So effectively a 1.3% for us has been kind of where we track it. Obviously it improved over the fourth quarter, but kind of where we would expect to track and I know you mentioned our competitor. We do talk about them and we do treat the treatment of volume differently for our lab management fees, which would have added around 60 basis points. So we feel really good that the base business from a demand standpoint, a volume standpoint, it's been pretty consistent.  What we've also been very pleased about, that really impacts our revenues even more is on the price side you know and while overall our pricing here we would say is relatively flat, the mix impact really was nice. So again in a similar vein, while we simply show kind of organic pricing at around a 3.4% increase, we had a couple of headwinds and tailwinds.  You know we benefited from  as Adam said from COVID where we have the lower percentage impacted from the esoteric tests, so it mixes this up. That helped us around 1.9%. Similarly with the lower consumer demand, consumer generics demand at a lower price point, that's helped our mix at 0.9% and then the headwind as we talked about already have PAMA and Beacon each at around 1.1%.  So again getting to a normalized price would get us to around a price mix of 2.8%, which actually is tracked higher than what we've done over the past year, you know in line, call it with the last couple of quarters where weve been north of two, but we continue to see favorable price mix. So from a revenue standpoint, again excluding COVID, we thought we had actually a very strong quarter. 
Dan Leonard : Yeah, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin from BOA. Please go ahead.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. So I just wanted to go back on the testing site for COVID. So we have seen estimates from anywhere from the need for 500,000 molecular test days and up on that one. I'm just sort of curious in terms of what sort of capacity, expectations or need expectations you're planning for and you're looking for and sort of how you think about that. This sort of goes into a question about, your ultimate share and where you can get it, so the first part of that question is one, on what you think the ultimate testing need will be and how long the duration of that is?  And the follow-up on that one is going to be something similar for serology. I mean there's clearly a lot more serology capacity in the U.S. than there is molecular, and I'm just sort of curious on how you sort of see demand for that market evolving going forward, just getting there are so many more players that can do serology testing? Thank you. 
Adam Schechter: Yeah, hi Derik. A couple of thoughts. First of all, if you look at the overall capacity needed for PCR testing, which is testing to tell if a person actually has the virus, is actively shedding the virus, it's impossible to know the exact number that you need across the United States. I would say right now if you look at what's been done over 5 million tests, thats pretty significant. I just said that we could do today 1.8 million tests per month and we're going to try to increase that if we can get 100,000 tests or greater a day, alone we could do 2.5 million a month.  And then you would add in all the other commercial labs, the state labs, the local labs, the academic medical centers. I think there's going to be a very significant amount of capacity that at least we'll get people through stage one of what the White House Coronavirus Task force is recommending to get states up and running.  At the same time, we're going to all continue to build capacity, because until there's a vaccine, I think we're going to have to have the ability to continue to do testing to see who have the virus. And I think that type of testing will continue even when there's a treatment up until there is a vaccine.  Separate and distinct from that of the serology, which is to tell who has been exposed to the virus in the past, and scientifically frankly there is still a lot of discussion on what's the most appropriate way to use the serology testing. For surveillance, I think it's going to be used for a long time.  I also believe that as businesses get up and running, they are going to test large parts of the population for serology tests and I believe if somebody tests positive for serology, meaning that they had been exposed to a virus in the past, but probably need a second test in order to validate that wasn't a false positive.  And then, the question becomes how often if somebody who's negative to serology get tested? Is it every three months, every six months, and I don't think that there's any known recommendation at this time.  The good news for us for serology is its a blood test, and we run blood tests all the time. We know how to run a blood test and we're going to build as much capacity as we can, well utilize as much of that capacity as we can, but at the same time a lot of those will be run on the machines that we run our typical blood tests on anyway.  So I think for us it's a matter of build as much as you can, see how the science plays out, see how the marketplace plays out, and just be prepared for whatever volume you may need. 
Derik de Bruin : Thank you. 
Adam Schechter: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Wright from Crdit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Erin Wright : Great! Thanks. I have a couple of questions on Covance. Do you  I guess what percentage of the sites would you consider offline or inaccessible right now? And what percentage of that clinical trial work do you anticipate will convert to more virtual, at-home or remote monitoring?  And then a second part to that would be, how many of these COVID-19 trials have you won and do you anticipate those trials to actually be material from a financial perspective? Others I guess in the industry have downside contribution from this COVID trial? Thank. 
Adam Schechter: Yeah, okay Im going to start with your last question first, and Ill answer the other one. So first of all, if you look at the COVID-19 trials, whether they be for antivirals or they be the things that we're doing with a company like PacBio or Ridgeback Biotherapeutics, you know most of them are early stage, smaller trials. So we are winning, I said more than twice our market share would expect us to win, but they are still relatively small times. They are early stage, preclinical or Phase I.  As those progress, I would expect that we would win more than our fair share in Phase II and Phase III and then I believe they become much more meaningful in terms of dollars. Right now they are meaningful because it really is demonstrating the power of having a diagnostic capability combined with drug development capability.  Separate and distinct from that with regard to sites up and running, we think it's that  about 70% to 80% of sites are not up and running at the moment for clinical trials. At the same time we are working hard, because we have made significant advances in hybrid and virtual clinical trials, and I think as the trails come back, there will be even greater utilization for things like hybrid and virtual trials. So we'll continue to work with our pharmaceutical and biotechnology colleagues to help them get their trials up and running as quickly as possible.
Erin Wright : Thank you. 
Operator: . Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Ricky Goldwasser: Yeah hi! Good morning, and thank you for all the details. A question on reimbursement of the PCR. Obviously CMS raised reimbursements were $51 to $100. But what are your thoughts as testing expense and we shift to Phase II and Phase III. Do you anticipate the reimbursement is going to stay at those levels or as volumes pick up and the testing guidance is relaxed that we are going to see changes to the price metric? 
Glenn Eisenberg: So thank you for the question Ricky. Right now the Medicare price is $100 and that's been our price and our philosophy on pricing, which is to use the Medicare price, which they take a lot of time, spend a lot of effort to think through what is appropriate. And therefore we have charged all customers at that price. I have no reason to believe that that price would change, based upon anything I know today.  And I think that the testing for PCR will continue to grow, but the importance of it, it makes it very cost effective to test patients and actually find out who has the disease and then isolate them, so others don't get the disease. So I think its a very cost effective way in order to insure that you do everything you can. At the same time I would say that the capital expense and the difficulty of PCR is pretty high, and doing the PCR testing is not simple. I mean it's an RNA extraction that has multiple steps. So I feel like the reimbursement where it is today is at a good rate. 
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Baxter with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. 
Stephen Baxter: Hey, good morning, and thanks for all the color you guys provided today. I was hoping to get a little more insight into the increase in accounts receivable allowance that you guys mention during the prepared remarks. Have you stated to actually see anything yet in terms of your ability to collect on copays and deductibles in the lab side of the business?  And just in terms of what this charge actually represent, is this covering you know Q1 days of service, you know some wider range of time. And then how are you thinking, you are expecting this to play out kind of throughout the balance of the year. And is this going to be an item that you continue to exclude from earnings for the balance of the year? Thank you. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, this is Glenn. Id say you know as we look at our reserves for receivables, you know we looked obviously back at prior recessions and big events that occurred in the USSA with the high unemployment rates, the impact that it's having on our customers if you will. Our expectation is that business that we've already conducted, that we currently have as receivables outstanding, weve assessed that full amount and have taken kind of a one-time charge or one-time reserve relative to those receivables. Well obviously still look to go and collect on them, but it's based upon historical experiences we feel that's an appropriate level to build the reserve for that.  So as we go forward, we have a normal standard process every quarter. We assess the adequacy of all of our reserves. So at this point we would say we're fully reserved based on what we believe and then if anything changes in the future, well adjusted that, but our expectation is that the reserves that we established are adequate to deal with the environment that we're operating in. 
Stephen Baxter: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Larew from William Blair. Please go ahead. 
Dan Lawler : Hi, good morning. This is Dan Lawler on for Matt Larew. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the initial demand that you're seeing for your at-home COVID tests and whether or not you think COVID-19 could be a catalyst for you ramp-up Pixel over the long term? Thanks. 
Adam Schechter: Yeah, hi Dan, thanks for the message. And you know we announced the launch of our Pixel by LabCorp at-home tests for COVID-19 about a week ago, and we're focused right now on frontline healthcare workers and first responders that have symptoms. And you know we've seen the demand is pretty significant in terms of not only people that are going to our website, but other people that are trying to reach out and see when it'll be available more broadly to additional people outside of those subgroups. So I do believe that this may be a reason that Pixel continues to grow over time as we go into the future.  At the same time we do plan to launch Pixel to additional groups of people as we get through the next weeks and I would expect right now we have over 100,000 kits available that will continue to make that much you know as we look out into the future on a weekly to every other week basis. 
Dan Lawler : Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from Michael Polark from Baird. Please go ahead. 
Michael Polark: Hey, good morning, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to get a bit more detail on the goodwill impairment. Glenn, I think you mentioned it relates predominantly to one of the reporting units and drug development. What piece of the Covance business took the impairment and I guess more context around why a lot of companies are viewing the COVID disruption as a transitory influence? I was a little surprised to see a permanent impairment charge taken. Any color on this topic would be helpful. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure Michael. It is kind of an interesting exercise given that these are point in time. So as you recall in our 10-K, we commented that we did have one of the reporting units within drug development that was relatively close, fair value versus the book value, and that was performed as we do all of our reporting units, you know based upon September 30 and we report that on it for the year. But when we bring it to our kind of outside firm that does our valuations, its based upon a point in time.  And so what's interesting that's happened is now we move forward to March 31 where we've now done it again, and obviously the business has been impacted by COVID and a lot of others, but we look at the valuations or they look at valuations, based upon DCFs as well as just market valuations. And so interestingly when you look at the CRO market multiples, from September 30 through March 30, they are down 30%, and so we are effectively half of the valuations saying the value of the business is down 30% at that one point in time.  Frankly if we were to do it today, you know it would be a very different number, but accounting says you do it on that date and then also given the volatility in the market, you have the discount rate that was increased. So from their exercise on the value of the business on a particular day, you know that caused the decline at which we took the non-cash charge during the quarter. 
Michael Polark: Would you say its equally spread across lab clinical early or was this related predominantly by Chiltern or Envigo or anything else that you could specifically call out. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure, effectively we have a lot of different reporting units, but the one reporting unit here that's broken out primarily relates to our clinical business. So that's the reporting unit, separate. And as you know when you look at even an acquisition and you break up the pieces to it, it doesn't necessarily say it's reflective of the total valuation of a company.  It's just the specific reporting unit that's broken out, as well as the specific goodwill that allocated to that business at that point in time, and so to your point you could say that within a year ago you acquired a business and you paid the market multiple for that business at that time.  Now all of a sudden you see a 30% correction, that business that you just bought is now theoretically worth 30% less. And accounting would say thats what you value it at that day, and then six months later you could be back-up to that same market multiple, the valuation goes back up, but you don't write it back up, it's just the convention. So you know just a confluence of events with COVID-19 impacting earnings, results of all the companies, as well as the market valuations resulted in the impairment charge. 
Adam Schechter: And the only thing I would add is strategically there is no doubt in my mind and we're seeing more and more evidence every day, particularly as we go through the COVID-19 pandemic, having the drug development business together with the diagnostic business was a great strategic move.  And I believe in the importance of the combined today as much if not more based upon what we're going through and what we're seeing than I did even before the virus. 
Michael Polark: I appreciate all the color. If I could sneak one more in on the CARES Act, the $56 million that you received I presume in April, will you carve that out of adjusted earnings for future reporting as a housekeeping item, and then do you expect any additional disbursements under the CARES Act? I know there was a second round of payments expected here in the very near term. Anything else you might anticipate to receive? 
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, Id say obviously how well account for it you know well determine as we go through the quarterly and report. I think it's fair to say, given we've even done it now anything that is unusual, we will either call out separately or at least explaining the performance benefited from that. But clearly, to some extent a recoup if you will of the negative impact that were being impacted by COVID, as well as the capital spend and other spend that were making in order to ramp-up our testing as well. And while there are other tranches of the CARES Act that we could potentially be included in, at this stage its just too early to tell what that would be and obviously once we have more clarity on that, well be able to convey that. 
Adam Schechter : Okay. So first of all thank you everybody for joining us today, and I have to say, Im so proud of the way our company is mobilized to serve patients, customers, our local communities and the world. LabCorp has been innovators in science and medicine to help address global needs and I am deeply grateful to the way in which our 65,000 employees have stepped up in every country around the world.  What we do matters, and I believe it matters more in the future than it did in the past, and I believe it mattered a lot in the past. The challenge is far from over, but as I said previously, I have no doubt that we can beat this virus and also that LabCorp will remain committed to our mission to improve health and improve lives as we move forward. So, thank you so much for joining the call today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-13 12:58:19) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Q4 2019 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. .  I would now like to introduce the host for this conference call, Ms. Clarissa Willett, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin, ma'am.
Clarissa Willett:
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Clarissa, and good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to speak with you today, and thank you for joining the call. For more than 50 years, LabCorp has grown and prospered by putting talented people behind a vital health care mission, improving health and improving lives. We deliver world-class diagnostic solutions, bring innovative medicines to patients faster and use technology to improve the delivery of care, that is unwavering. As I've begun to travel to meet colleagues from around the world, I see that we have dedicated employees at every level from phlebotomists to couriers to lab technicians, critical research associates and scientists, all of whom care deeply about the mission and the success of LabCorp. I am excited about the opportunities for LabCorp to achieve its mission and to drive profitable growth into the future. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our fourth quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with our 2020 guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $3 billion, an increase of 6% over last year, driven by the benefit of acquisitions net of divestitures of 3.9%, and organic growth of 2.3%, which includes a 90 basis point negative impact from PAMA. In addition, foreign currency translation negatively impacted revenue growth by 20 basis points.  Operating income for the quarter was $336 million or 11.4% of revenue compared to $308 million or 11% last year. During the quarter, we had $21 million of restructuring charges and special items primarily related to Launchpad initiatives, acquisition integration and executive transition costs partially offset by an additional insurance reimbursement payment for costs related to the 2018 ransomware attack. Adjusted operating income in the quarter was $422 million or 14.3% of revenue compared to $395 million or 14.2% last year. The increase in adjusted operating income and margin was primarily due to Launchpad savings; organic growth and acquisitions, net of divestitures, partially offset by the impact from PAMA; higher personnel costs and cybersecurity investments. 
Operator: . Our first question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays.
Jack Meehan: Adam, as your first quarter as CEO, I was just curious if you could talk about maybe the go-to-market strategy at Covance given some of the leadership changes. Just how you feel, your ability to go and win business there? And one of your big customers talked about some pipeline reprioritizations at the end of the year. Just any cancellation activity or anything in the fourth quarter, or any expectations in the 2020 guidance related to that?
Adam Schechter: Sure, Jeff. As I look at our strategy, I think we're uniquely positioned to be successful in the marketplace. And it starts with the fact that we have so much data from our diagnostics. We do over 500 million tests per year. And when we use that data to try to help stratify disease or to develop companion diagnostics or develop assays, I think we're uniquely qualified to work with pharma, whether it be biotech or big pharma, to help them figure out which patients are most likely to respond to their medicines or vaccines. And then we can work with them through all phases of their clinical development and, ultimately, help with registration and then in-market capabilities that we have. So we have the full spectrum, strategically, of what I believe biotech and large pharma is looking for, and I truly believe we're unique in that manner.  Right now, we're doing very well in early development. We continue to grow in the small to medium biotech area. I'd like to see us do even better with large pharma. Based upon recent announcements and stuff, we don't see any significant impact to our business as we go into 2020. And based upon the numbers in the guidance that we provided today, hopefully, you'll see that we continue to believe that we have real strength and momentum as we go into 2020.  One of my strategic pillars is really maximizing the power of the combined, and I believe that disproportionately will help the Drug Development business because I believe that the diagnostic capabilities we have will be more helpful to the Drug Development business than the other way around.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill: Adam, I appreciate your comments on the coronavirus, but I just want to follow up to understand if you have anything in your guidance for 2020. So you talked about the impact to the supply chain, also talked about exposure, having employees in the Asian market. Has there been disruption in any of the studies you're doing in the Asian market? How do we think about any potential impacts that might have on your 2020 guidance?
Adam Schechter: Sure. Thank you for the question, Lisa. And as we look at the coronavirus and where we stand today, we believe that everything would be covered within the ranges that we've provided to you. And we've seen some minimal impact, particularly in China with people coming back to work a bit later. When the coronavirus first came out, there was a little bit less people coming to work, but we believe that it's all manageable within the year. We'll have to watch quarter-by-quarter if there's any minor impacts. But over the year period of time, we think that we'll be fine based upon what we know today. Obviously, if things change with the coronavirus and it becomes more of a global issue or if it impacts China for an extended period of time, things may change. But based upon everything that we know today and based upon the guidance that we've provided, we believe that it covers what we foresee could happen based upon today's knowledge of the coronavirus.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Newshel with Evercore.
Michael Newshel: Can you just give an update on the lab M&A environment? Looks like you can continue to do some more tuck-ins, and maybe just talk to the pace you're expecting there. And maybe just like even broader, just what your capital allocation plans are for 2020? Or the mix of share repo and M&A that's embedded in your guidance?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Sure. First of all, I would say we feel good about our ability to grow based upon what we have today in our Diagnostics and our Drug Development business. I don't see any major things that we're missing in order for us to be successful and compete successfully in environments that we compete within. But when I think about capital allocation specifically around acquisitions, here's the way I think about it: first is the regional and local labs or hospital labs acquisitions that you can do. I think those are great use of capital. They can be accretive in the first year. They typically return their cost of capital within 2 or so years. And we know how to integrate those, and we know how to make this happen very quickly.  The environment right now continues to be building, I would say. They take longer than what I would have expected for them to take. We have a long list of potential tuck-in acquisitions, and we continue to work through those. There's no break in our step from our capabilities to do that, it's more how quickly we can get the customers in the regional or local labs to consider moving forward. I believe, as people have seen the impact of PAMA and they've seen some of the pricing that's occurred that they're more open today to have those discussions than they have been in the past.  Next, I'd look at whether there's strategic needs that we have. For example, do we need to look at building our presence in Japan or China? And if we have to do those things in order to be successful, they're typically very small in nature. I'd look to see if we can build them ourselves. If not, and there's a small acquisition, we would consider those.  And then, of course, we look at everything that's out there. But as I said, I don't see the need, as I sit here today, for any type of large-scale acquisition or change because I believe we have what we need to be successful as we go into 2020. We'll, of course, look at everything, but that's how I think about the allocations. And then we use share repurchases if there are not as many acquisitions as we may like within the cash flow that we generate each year.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Mike, the only thing I'd add to that is, as you know, we've discussed that from our guidance standpoint, we are assuming that the full usage of our free cash flow will be deployed, as Adam said, to both M&A and share repurchases. Obviously, we don't break that out as far as an outlook, but just from a modeling purposes, assume that, that is reflected into our ranges that we provided.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: I just want to talk a little bit about your diagnostic revenue outlook. You can break it down between organic growth and sort of what you expect organic growth, M&A contribution, revenue per rec, any sort of guidance around those metrics? And also maybe what you're expecting incrementally with regards headwinds or from market access changes?
Adam Schechter: Sure. I'll start, and then Glenn can add, Kevin. So as I look at the Diagnostic business, I first think about what's the underlying growth that you see in volume. And if you go back, for many years, you'd typically see the underlying growth between 1% to 2%. And I don't see any reason that, that's going to change as we look forward to the future. I believe that, that growth will continue to be in the future what it's been in the past.  So then I think about what can we do to try to increase our growth rate versus the underlying growth rate. The first thing is I mentioned the tuck-in acquisitions. I think that those are very beneficial and a good use of capital. I don't put a specific number into the plan for those because it really depends on what's available, how many are willing to move in any given year and whether or not they all make good financial sense because we have a really strong financial fiscal acumen that we apply to any acquisition. So I don't build into the plan that we have to do a certain amount of volume based upon those acquisitions.  The second thing you can do is try to shift share. And when I think about shifting share, I think about things like the PLN that United is launching. I don't assume that there'll be a significant shift in 2020 because they're rolling it out as we speak. But if successful, in the future, I believe that, that could benefit a lab like us where we have very high-quality at lower cost.  And as I think about the future, if it works for United, I think that other organizations may see this as an opportunity to help them reduce their laboratory costs by moving over business to a lab like ours. So I believe that we will, over time, be able to shift some share, which will help us to grow our volume faster than the underlying market growth. I don't anticipate that this year, but I anticipate, if it's successful, it would happen in future years. So that's kind of how I think about the underlying dynamics within the marketplace.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Kevin, I'll just add a little bit of color to that. So to your point that when you look at our guidance range for Diagnostics, next year, we have around 0.5% to 2.5%. We did comment on kind of the unusual, if you will, headwinds and tailwinds that we expected for 2020, another year of the impact of PAMA, plus just the annualization of the Beacon contract, but also Diagnostics benefiting from an extra revenue day, slight favorability with currency. So when you take out those 4 kind of items that are around a constraint of around 1.7%, you can kind of get to see that we're looking at north of a 3% growth rate with everything else, which is effectively the annualization of acquisitions already completed, plus organic growth. And to Adam's point, from a forecast standpoint, we talk about normalized organic revenue growth of 2% to 3%. And in fact, this past year, we were at the upper end of that range from, again, a normalized basis, taking out those impacts. And within the guidance range, that's a fair assumption. So organically, again, the 2% to 3% continues to be an expectation within the range, plus the addition of those annualized acquisitions and then the net impact of those headwinds.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Leonard with Wells Fargo.
Daniel Leonard: Maybe on Covance for the 2020 outlook, can you be specific about what you expect the pass-through headwind to look like in 2020 and maybe offer what it was in 2019? And then on the margin side, how much of margin expansion do you expect you could achieve in Covance in 2020?
Adam Schechter: Dan, so as I look at Covance, I first want to say that we're pleased with the performance. And I think that our revenue growth and our book-to-bill continues to be strong. I'll start with the margins. If you look at the margins, we had expansion in the fourth quarter of 130 basis points. As we look at margins next year, we expect to have an improvement in margins once again, albeit not as much as what we saw in 2019. We announced our Launchpad initiative across the enterprise is $350 million. For the Drug Development, it's $150 million, and we're on track to achieve that.  As we look forward to the future, I think we're going to have to continue to push cost across all of the businesses, even above and beyond what we have in Launchpad. It just has to be a mindset going into the future in terms of continued increased productivity. So if you look at the full year, we grew at about 6.8% ex pass-throughs, and I would say that's probably a pretty good read for what next year should look like -- 2020 should look like.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Dan, just the other thing I'd add is that when you think about 2019, pass-throughs were down, call it, around 10%. So given the volatility of that in a particular quarter, and it was primarily in the first, but it did impact each quarter a bit, but in the first, it was the most. We've kind of called it out a bit and talked about that our organic revenue excluding pass-throughs would be within the guidance range of the 5.5% to 7.5% last year. And in fact, again, our organic growth was probably a little bit north -- or was a little bit north of the center of the range. So we felt good with the overall organic performance of the business, taking out that volatility of pass-throughs, and really good performance across the spectrum of our businesses.  Really doesn't change our outlook for 2020 much other than for, again, forecasting purposes, we've assumed that normal increase in pass-throughs commensurate with the business growth that we have of which pass-throughs are more aligned to it. So that -- again, thinking about mid- to high single-digit growth rate, think about it as organic revenue within that range both with and without pass-throughs. Each quarter, to the extent that we see volatility in that, we'll again call it out just to focus on, obviously, the big driver, which is the revenue without pass-throughs. But hopefully, it'll align better in 2020.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe: If I look at revenue distribution, Covance is about 40% of revenue. And if I calc on earnings, it's about 35%. I guess the question is, given the faster top line and margin expansion within Covance and the somewhat more muted revenue growth from the lab side and some margin contraction there on top of sort of maybe the M&A opportunities and fragmentation certainly within the CRO space, I guess, how quickly do you see the business moving closer to more of a maybe 50-50 type split? And/or do you have a target as you think about sort of the split of the 2 businesses going forward?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Ralph. So first of all, I don't have a target for the percent of the businesses moving forward. And if you noticed, I used the words Diagnostics and Drug Discovery because I don't think of it as just LabCorp and Covance, I think of it as a spectrum of offerings that we have for our customers that are linked together in order to make us successful.  Obviously, the clinical trial business continues to grow at a faster rate in terms of -- Drug Development grows at a faster rate. And therefore, if you look at the way in which you look at it, over time, I would expect that, that becomes a larger part of our total percent of revenue. But I think a big reason that, that will grow faster is because of our capabilities that we have within the diagnostic area. So to me, they're intricately linked. When we look at the acquisitions that I spoke about before, the tuck-ins in the Diagnostic area in local lab and regional labs as well as hospital labs, I think, are a good use of our capital. So you'll continue to see some acceleration through those acquisitions. If the PLN works in which the way we think it might, I believe that we'll see additional growth there. So to me, it's really about making sure that we have good fiscal discipline, that we put our money behind the opportunities that give us the best growth, but it's a complete continuum of offerings that we have versus just looking at it one segment versus the other.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rivka Goldwasser Morgan Stanley.
Rivka Goldwasser: So some follow-up questions here. First of all, Glenn, on Kevin's question regarding the pricing, it seems that in the fourth quarter, pricing was really strong even when you normalize for PAMA and the Beacon headwinds, 1.6 in acceleration. So maybe you can help us parse the benefit from the tuck-in acquisition that you did in the quarter and how they contributed to it? And should we think about that 1.6 as the right run rate for 2020?  And then on the CRO side, Adam, for you, if you can give us maybe some more color on what's Covance win rate? And what's a realistic goal that you think about longer-term as you continue to better align the capabilities of the Diagnostic and Drug Discovery business?
Adam Schechter: Sure. I'll start with the second question, and then we can have Glenn work on the first one. With regard to our Covance business, as I said before, in early development, I look at share in addition to win rate. As I look at early development, I think we do really well, and we disproportionately win in early development. As we start to look at how we do in the small- to medium-sized biotech, I think we do very well there also, and a lot of growth has come from that segment over time. Where I'd like to see us do better is in the big pharma segment. And I believe we will be able to do that for several reasons. One is, one of our key pillars is to win in oncology.  And I think we have a very unique set of capabilities in oncology from our ability to develop companion diagnostics and assays, all the way through doing the clinical trials, identifying the patients most likely to respond, but also helping to find the patients based upon our large amount of data that we have in the diagnostic area. And I also believe that, that's the fastest-growing largest area for pharma. If you look at the number of compounds as a percent in oncology, it's very significant. So when we win there, I think we'll be able to show that we can also do well in other areas, such as specialty, neurology and other areas. So to me, winning in oncology is important because it allows us to be successful in other areas over time. So that's an area that I want to see continued growth in large pharma, in oncology, and I'd like to see us disproportionately win share in that segment.
Glenn Eisenberg: Okay. Ricky, on the -- with regard to revenue per acquisition, so the 1.6 for the quarter was a strong number for us, but we commented that it was acquisition driven. And as you think about our organic pricing, we did talk about, obviously, the headwinds coming from PAMA and Beacon combined of around the 3% headwind. So as we think about the quarter, firstly, going back to, call it, normalized, backing up those unusual items, and from an organic standpoint, again, the 2% to 3% organic revenue growth, the quarter would have come in at the upper end of that range, as we did for the full year. So if we think about a normal environment, and that, I think, started the conversation, we're saying kind of organic volume of 1% to 2%, and then, let's say, we pick up volume on price to get to the 2% to 3% range. As we think about our outlook, that's normally the way we gauge. Each quarter, we may see a little bit of fluctuation from quarter-to-quarter. But again, as we think about 2020, we still have within our guidance range, call it, that organic normalized growth of that 2% to 3% with a pretty normal 1% to 2% volume and the rest being price.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut.
Brian Tanquilut: Just to follow up on Kevin's question earlier, Glenn, how are you thinking about market share shift within the contract? I mean should we expect more network access changes impacting organic growth? And I guess, a follow-up on that last comment you guys made on the lab -- on the acquisition from hospital. I think, Adam, you talked about the pace being slower than you expected. So is there anything you guys see in the horizon that will accelerate that? Or anything that LabCorp and proactively do to get the deals -- the larger deals going?
Adam Schechter: Yes. Brian, this is Adam. First of all, when you look at the environment and market share, particularly if you look at managed care, we've kind of overlapped the markets -- or the managed care losses that we had in last year as we go through the first quarter of this year. So the first quarter of this year should be the last quarter where you see that overlapping occur. So therefore, for the majority of the year, I don't see any additional significant downside based upon the managed care contract changes that occurred last year.  As I look at 2020, I don't see any significant managed care shifts, such as United or Horizon, that we saw last year. So I don't see that type of volatility. As I look at the hospital tuck-in acquisitions, what I can tell you is our list is long. There are many discussions that we're having around the country with both local and regional labs and hospitals. It's not a lack of resources that we're putting behind it, we'll put resources that we need to, to be successful there, it's the discussions that we're having with our customers. I believe, over time, it will begin to accelerate, particularly as they feel the continued impact for PAMA. And if you look at what we're expecting from PAMA, we expect this year's impact to be about the same as last year. So '19 was about $100 million. This year will be about another $100 million. And I think 2021, barring any change to legislation or legal, we'll be about the same. These regional local labs are feeling that as well. And I think that, that pressure will continue to want to make them evaluate us working with them or buying their labs as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Donald Hooker with KeyBanc.
Donald Hooker: One of the maybe a smaller area of focus for you guys, maybe, but in terms of your investments and the accelerate informatics functionalities that you guys have developed over the years at Covance, I was curious kind of -- at a high level, kind of where you're seeing success there in terms of using IT to drive trials. You have a number of tools there. Just would love to hear an update on that part of Covance.
Adam Schechter: Sure. You saw one of the pillars of the strategy is to utilize data, analytics, artificial intelligence and basically everything that we do, including our ability at Covance. I also mentioned some of the new offerings that we have, and one of which was the virtual trials and the hybrid trials. A lot of that is based upon our ability to use information, to use technology in a better, different way than we've done in the past than we do today. We will continue to ensure that we're at the leading edge of understanding the hybrid and virtual trials, that we invest in the technology necessary to be successful in those areas. And I believe that as we move forward and we use the power of our combined organization, the ability to use data and analytics in our 500 million data points that we get every year from diagnostics and understand how to use that in Drug Development to help identify patients better, enroll trials faster, is going to be more and more important. So that's why it's 1 of our top 5 pillars of our strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: A couple of questions. I guess the first one, can you talk a little bit about the operating margin in lab? It was a little bit lower than we thought in the fourth quarter. Can you talk about some of the personnel costs and things there? And sort of how should we think about the operating margin for lab? And then the Covance question, which is the backlog conversion was down to 37% this quarter. I mean you've been averaging in the 40s last year and 39% most of this year. Can you talk about sort of why the backlog conversion is dipping? And sort of like what -- how should we sort of think about that in tune of 2020?
Adam Schechter: Sure. I'll start with how I think about margins, and I'll talk more broadly and then I'll answer the question specifically. As an enterprise, we expect our margins this year to be relatively flat. We're going to see an increase in our margins in Drug Development, albeit maybe a little bit less than what we saw in 2019, and we're going to continue to see the Diagnostic margins. And we expect those to be continued under pressure, and they'll be slightly down in 2020 versus 2019. But net-net, we believe it will be relatively flat this year versus last year with the 2 puts that we have.  If you look at what we've been able to do, and I'll use the third quarter as the example, I mean PAMA had an impact of 130 basis points and our margin was down 70 basis points. So we were able to make up a good portion of the PAMA impact. As we move into this year, I think we can do a bit better or similarly because of the Launchpad initiatives that we've put in place. And we will continue to push hard on reducing costs where we can in the Diagnostic business. We have a $200 million Launchpad commitment, and we're going to meet that commitment, and then we'll continue to see if there's additional opportunities and ways to even bring down costs further.  Only other thing I'd say with regard to Covance and backlog, the Covance book of business is doing well, continues to build. And I think that we have a real opportunity moving forward. Quarter-by-quarter, I'd be a little bit careful looking too closely because there is a lot of variability in numbers across the segments. I'd look more towards our yearly guidance, and that's why we give the guidance on a year-long time period.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Derik, I'd just add to that, maybe first with the backlog question. So a lot of things come into play. Obviously, the business mix that we have, the therapeutic mix, the stage of where the trials are, again, we have kind of the end-to-end business, if you will. Historically, plus or minus, we've been around 40% of backlog conversion. As Adam said, it's good to look at it on a kind of an annual basis because there's fluctuations. So we did see it drop down a little bit to the 37% from the quarter, but again, still in line. But as a general rule, maybe for modeling, if you will, we tend to say around 40% of conversion to revenues in the next 12 months, and that would represent roughly around 85% of the revenues for the next month. So another 15% comes in with, obviously, new business that's transacted during the year.  On the Diagnostics margin standpoint, Adam really hit it well from the standpoint, while margins were down, again, excluding PAMA, we would have had nice margin appreciation. And in fact, the fourth quarter margins were down the least amount that they were all year, so as Launchpad is kicking in, as the growth of our underlying business is kicking in. And so while we still expect to see margins down next year -- slightly down because of another year of PAMA, we also similarly say we're -- not for PAMA, we'd actually be seeing nice margin appreciation. Our goal is to continue to manage our cost structure to do that.  When we talk about higher personnel costs, that's kind of our way of every year saying personnel costs are our biggest cost. And so that does increase with normal inflation, and obviously, depending upon the markets that we serve. And so nothing, if you will, unusual about it other than that's just the biggest cost that we have to overcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Wright with Crdit Suisse.
Erin Wright: On the fundamentals in the CRO business, can you just speak to RFP flow pricing dynamics? Is this a relatively rational pricing environment out there? And could you parse out for us a little bit on the central lab business, in particular? How big that business is for you today? And then what that's growing at? Has it been exceeding your expectations on that front? And then could you also just comment on the direct-to-consumer kind of genetic testing market, kind of where -- what your guidance now implies for that segment?
Adam Schechter: Okay. So I'll start with the genetic testing market. You saw a significant decline in 2019 versus 2018. It's now a very small amount of our total volume and of our total revenue and operating income. So although it may go down again in 2020, it should not have any real significant impact to our fundamentals or financials.  With regard to our central labs, it's a strength, and we continue to do very well in our central labs. And I think with the acquisitions that we've done and our capabilities in early development in general, including central laboratories, it continues to be a real strength for us, and I don't see that changing over time.  And then lastly, with regard to the environment, I believe that biotechnology and pharmaceutical is really doing well when it comes to new molecules and new chemical entities and the number of products in development. And the environment itself, I think, feeds well into our ability to continue to grow our Drug Development business. Pricing will always be competitive in every market in health care. I don't see any fundamental shift or trend other than it continues to be a competitive environment, and we can compete very well within that environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Larew with William Blair.
Matthew Larew: Adam, I wanted to go back to your comments on the preferred lab network. It seems that both patients and providers will have pretty meaningful incentives over time to move volume into the PLN. Is there anything you can do to proactively work with United or even other payers in terms of accelerating the transition of some of that volume given that it seems that longer term, the incentives for all parties involved are aligned?
Adam Schechter: Yes. So Matt, I agree with you that it's -- rationally, it makes a lot of sense. And the good news is when you have a lab like we have where you have really high-quality and you have a lower-cost price structure, it's something that can actually help reduce overall health care costs. And every part of the health care system in the United States and around the world, frankly, is struggling with health care costs. And I believe that we can be part of the solution with the quality that we bring at the cost that we bring it. We work very closely with United. Obviously, we will continue to work with them. We will do whatever we can within the regulatory legal environment to work with them to make sure that this is successful for both them and for the patients that they and we serve together. So we're glad to work with them, and we'll continue to do so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Baxter with Wolfe Research.
Stephen Baxter: I wanted to ask about the fourth quarter in the lab business. I appreciate the color you gave on the organic volume and the moving parts there. It looks like when you adjust for those parts and also the capitated contract wins that you had from your largest competitor, it looks like the underlying organic growth is maybe a little bit weaker than the past couple of quarters. I was wondering if there's any specific drivers we should think about for the quarter. And then also how to think about volume seasonality during 2020 given the annualization of managed care network changes and the calendar shift?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Stephen, this is Glenn. At least I'll start. I'd say from an organic revenue growth within Diagnostics in the fourth quarter, again, normalizing for the headwinds that we'll go through, we were at the upper end of our expectations, if you will, from the, call it, 2% to 3% normalized organic revenue growth, so consistent as we've had in the full year.  I think on an earlier question, there was a little bit of a difference in the mix between normalized organic volume versus our revenue per acquisition. But when you look back, again, from what's driving the organic business, we did benefit from an extra day that was timing related to kind of a headwind from days in the first half of the year. But we still had, obviously, the impact from managed care contract changes as well as some lower consumer genetics demand. Similarly, we had the big ones, which was PAMA and the impact of Beacon's contract. So when you net all those out, again, we would say kind of a normalized organic revenue growth in the quarter would have been a little bit north of that 2% to 3% range.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Quirk with Piper Sandler.
William Quirk: So a couple of questions. So first off, how much, if any, of the supply chain for the -- is manufactured in China? And obviously, is there any risk to that given the current situation? And then another one on the PLN. When do you think we might see other payers follow United's lead here? Could we see something happen in 2020? Or do you think they want to actually assess some of the results before they go ahead and roll their own plan out?
Adam Schechter: Sure. Bill, I'll start with the second question. I think that the PLN is going to take a little bit of time to actually show the benefit of the PLN and show that it can actually be executed and implemented well. So I would expect -- although I don't know for certain, but I would expect other managed care organizations to wait to see the impact. And as they start to see early impact, there's a timing where if you don't hit July, it's hard to implement in the next year. So if they don't do it this July, it would probably happen in 2021, and it's too early to tell what the other managed care organizations may or may not do. But what I've built into the plan is no upside to PLN based upon this year. And we've not built anything for other managed care organizations as we look into this year or into the future.  With regard to the coronavirus, I mean, obviously, we do have some of our supply chain that goes through China. Our team is working to ensure that we have consistent supply. I think we're in good shape as we sit here today. We'll have to watch it closely depending on how long or if it gets worse in China or has a global impact. But if it gets to that point, it would be significant across many different areas within the health care system. And I don't think it would be anything specific to our business or to what we do that is overly concerning. As I sit here today, I don't see an impact. It would only be if something got really worse that's unanticipated at the moment.
Operator: . Our next question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays.
Jack Meehan: Glenn, I just had one follow-up. I wanted to make sure we were setting expectations right for the first quarter on the lab side for earnings because I think you have a couple of headwinds. One is -- obviously, you PAMA, you also have Beacon, and then finally, I think you have an extra wage day. So maybe just talk about kind of the pacing of earnings throughout the year on the lab side. And just any overall commentary on 1Q would be helpful.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. When you think about just the timing and the -- I guess, first, I'd say just overall that the 2 businesses, as you know, have a little bit different seasonality patterns, if you will. So the Drug Development side really strength more so in the second half than first. But similarly, on the Diagnostics side, a stronger first half to second. So it kind of levels off at an enterprise level. And so when you look at our performance overall, especially in -- driving even down to the earnings per share, you can kind of take a look at each quarter relative to the total to get a reasonable proxy of where it will be.  To your point, within Diagnostics, we do have the issue of an extra day. And again, if you look on our website, you'll notice that we pick up around a half a day benefit on revenue in the first quarter and in the third, that's just how it falls out, while there's the extra payroll day that will be in the first quarter. So as a proxy, a revenue day for us is around $25 million of revenue. And on the cost side for a payroll day, it's around $10 million, if you will. So I think that will give you at least a sense of how -- if you wanted to tweak a little bit for that.  But to your point, on the Beacon renewal, so obviously, that still has the impact in the first half of the year until it annualizes. Obviously, PAMA is going to stay on for the full year. And then finally, just with the managed care contract changes, again, there'll still be a little bit of a headwind as that annualizes. But it will be through the first quarter, and then the rest of the year will be flat. But hopefully, that gives you a little bit of some color into the quarter.
Operator: I was going to just let you know that I didn't see any more questions in the queue.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you very much, Kevin. What I'd like to do is close the call now. First of all, thank you all for joining the call today. As we look ahead, we're well positioned for another year of strong, profitable growth. The work that we do, it matters to customers, it matters to patients around the world every single day. And our ethics, our integrity, our pursuit of scientific excellence are strong and a steadfast foundation for every single thing that we do. We're helping to save and improve lives, and we are poised to play an even greater role in the future by helping solve some of the most pressing global health care issues. So we appreciate your time today, and hope you have a good rest of the day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Q3 2019 LabCorp Holdings Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation there will be a question-and-answer session  I would now like to hand the conference over to our speaker, Clarissa Willett, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Clarissa Willett: Good morning. And welcome to LabCorps third quarter 2019 conference call. As detailed in todays press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and John Ratliff, CEO of Covance Drug Development. This morning in the Investor Relations section of our website at labcorp.com we posted both our press release and an investor relations presentation with additional information on our business and operation, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the GAAP financial measures discussed during todays call. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to estimated 2019 guidance and the related assumptions, the impact of various factors on operating and financial results, expected savings and synergies and the opportunities for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements is based upon current expectations and is subject to change, based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in details in our 2018 Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q, and in the companys other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now, Ill turn the call over to Dave King.
David King: Thank you, Clarissa. And good morning, everyone. LabCorp delivered another excellent quarter again demonstrating the power of our combined capabilities. We saw strong market demand across both businesses which with the benefit of strategic acquisitions delivered solid topline growth. We also continue to manage expenses aggressively and execute our launch pad initiatives. As a result, revenue grew 3.4%, in spite of a year-over-year headwind of 1.3% due to divestitures. Adjusted earnings per share grew 6% despite the impact of at PAMA and the opening of managed care contracts and diagnostics and we generated $363 million in free cash flow. We continued our disciplined capital allocation program repurchasing $100 million of shares and successfully executing several tuck-in acquisitions. We have a robust acquisition pipeline and remain focused on strategic value creating acquisitions in both our business units. Covance excelled across all measures. Constant currency revenue growth increased by more than 9%, we realized 270 basis points of margin expansion, backlog increased by over $400 billion sequentially to $10.7 billion and our trailing 12 month book-to-bill stands at an impressive 1.28.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Dave. Going to start my comments with a review of our third quarter results followed by discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with an update on our 2019 guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $2.9 billion, an increase of 3.4% over last year. The increase was primarily due to acquisitions of 2.8% and organic revenue growth of 2.2%, partially offset by divestitures of 1.3% and foreign currency translation of 30 basis points. Excluding the negative impact from PAMA of 90 basis points, organic revenue grew 3.2%. Operating income for the quarter was $340 million or 11.6% of revenue compared to $343 million or 12.1% last year. During the quarter we had $29 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily related to LaunchPad initiatives, acquisition integration and the previously announced vendor data breach, partially offset by the release of the contingent consideration accrual for our prior acquisition. Adjusted operating income which excludes amortization of $62 million as well as restructuring charges and special items was $431 million $ or 14.7% of revenue compared to $429 million or 15.2% last year. Adjusted operating income benefited from organic growth, acquisitions and LaunchPad savings that were essentially offset by the impact from PAMA of $27 million and higher personnel costs. Excluding the 80-basis-point reduction from PAMA, margins would have increased 40 basis points. The tax rate for the quarter was 24.1% compared to 36.2% last year. The adjusted tax rate excluding special charges and amortization was 23.9% compared to 25% last year. The lower adjusted tax rate was primarily due to a favorable change in the Swiss tax rate. We expect the company's adjusted tax rate for the full year to be approximately 25%, implying a fourth quarter tax rate of approximately 24%. Net earnings for the quarter were $221 million or $2.25 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS, which exclude amortization, restructuring charges and other special items were $2.90 in the quarter, up 6% compared to last year. Adjusted earnings in the quarter benefited by $0.02 from three unusual items, a $0.06 benefit from the favorable change in the Swiss tax rate, a $0.02 unfavorable impact from Hurricane Dorian and $0.02 reduction due to the non-renewal of the BeaconLBS, UnitedHealthcare contract pertaining to the Florida market. Operating cash flow was $456 million in the quarter compared to $252 million a year ago. The increase in operating cash flow was due to higher cash earnings and favorable working capital. Capital expenditures totaled $93 million or 3.2% of revenue compared to $98 million or 3.5% last year.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill: Good morning. I just really wanted to follow-up on what's going on in the margin side. Glenn, you gave a good amount of detail. But, as we think about BeaconLBS and tightening in the fourth quarter and then probably having some impact on 2020. How do we start to think about margins going into 2020? Any framework you can give us around thinking about the puts and takes on the margin side? Can you expand margins? Hold margins study as we think about 2020 and then anything else that you can give us this kind of just an early framework around 2020 would be fairly helpful?
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure, Lisa. First of all, were obviously say, were going to provide our guidance just in general on 2020, when we report our fourth quarter results, as we do it a normal course. But to your question, with the BeaconLBS, non-renewal the contract obviously, as a headwind, that will have going into next year. We've given kind of impact if you will on the fourth quarter. So obviously you can annualize that, you have the sense of the headwinds that will work to overcome to either addition of business as Dave commented earlier, within Beacon as well as just the growth, in our overall business. But as a general rule, directionally, and I think we've shared this with you and the others as a preliminary review of 2020, that overall for the diagnostics business with another year of PAMA ahead, the good news is we now have the managed care impact essentially in the numbers. Obviously it just started with the in the first couple of months, but essentially, relatively flat year-on-year. And now, with Beacon non-renewal, we would expect that diagnostics plus or minus would be flat to down margins, as we look into 2020, but again, having Covance's expectation in Drug Development to see improved margins next year as well.
David King: Lisa, its Dave. I would just flat to slightly down. I want to be clear on that. Flat to slightly down in diagnostics.
Lisa Gill: And so as we think about that commentary of flat to slightly down. I think, also you talked about some acquisitions this quarter. Do we start to see some of the accretion coming for 2020? Is it cost cutting? Like what are some of the drivers that we still think about to offset whether it's BeaconLBS or PAMA or some of the other headwinds that you have in the Diagnostics business?
David King: Lisa, its Dave. I think you're correct; obviously the acquisitions come in at a lower margin. And so as the synergies are realize that, that will improve margins. We also have the continued impact both carried over and then the additional initiatives within the LaunchPad II, program. And so those will offset some of the margin pressure that we're experiencing. And as Glenn said, we annualize the managed care contract changes, basically in January, February. So, there are puts and takes, but at the end of the day, we feel confident that, flat to slightly down is a very realistic view of 2020 in diagnostics.
Lisa Gill: Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Glenn Eisenberg: And Lisa just to add to that. To end of that while we have the annualization of acquisitions in diagnostics which do mix of the margins. We continue to see a good pipeline for diagnostics. So as we look to redeploy capital in 2020 with the strong cash flow that we expect, an opportunity to see additional benefits from that.
Lisa Gill: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. So I wanted to continue on the diagnostics side, I was hoping you could walk us through some of the moving parts for the fourth quarter. So you've reached the full year outlook for diagnostics. But that also includes the headwind from BeaconLBS, but just versus the model what's going better? Is there any other headwinds or tailwinds we should be thinking about for the fourth quarter?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, Jack this is Glenn, Ill take the first cut. But as you see with the implied guidance first on the revenue side, we're looking at a positive quarter in the fourth quarter. So we're benefiting if you will from the acquisitions that we've done that will have a full quarter's worth if you will. Weve also as you know been experiencing the headwind from the divestitures that we've had that essentially annualized in the third quarter, so well get the benefit of that. And then just normal call it organic demand growth within the business, as we commented earlier, in the fourth quarter, we'll actually get the benefit of revenue day that would've been the offset for the headwind from a revenue day that we experienced in the first half of the year. And then again to your point, we do have the headwind in Beacon, but as we look across the spectrum, in the fourth quarter, we do expect to see some good topline growth. And while we do expect margins to be down in the first quarter year on year, we expect it to be down the least amount that we would experience throughout any quarter this year, based upon that topline growth, but also based upon the continuation of Diagnostics LaunchPad Initiative.
Jack Meehan: Great. That's all helpful. And then can't help it asking a couple of questions on 2020 as well. Just curious as we sit here today, how meaningful you think the PLN could be to growth and then also in terms of some of the recent contracting on the managed care side how you're feeling about just unit pricing for the lab business?
David King: Jack, its Dave. So, in terms of the PLN. Obviously, you know, being included in it. One of the small number of laboratories is a terrific opportunity. United is -- United Healthcare is undertaking some initiatives that we are very supportive of, such as zero dollar copays for some of their offerings. And they're selling the PLN to ASL employers. You know right now in this selling season, so we will know a lot more about the long term opportunity when we see what the uptake is among employers, but we feel very optimistic that the PLN is an opportunity to move share away from the higher cost providers to us as a high quality and lower cost provider. I also want to point out, just reiterate that in entering the PLN, there was no downward pricing adjustment with United so our price remains what we had previously agreed to when we were selected to be part of the PLN network. In terms of unit price, what we always say is, unit price is basically, as it is everywhere and healthcare services, a flat to slightly down proposition. So I think in a typical year, you would expect to see unit price at zero to negative 50 basis points. The positive that we report in revenue per requisition as you know are driven by test mix and utilization. So, as we see growth in higher value testing as we see growth in esoteric testing that improves the reported revenue per requisition. But it doesn't change the basic nature ex-PAMA, which is a singular event of unit price being sort of flat to 50 basis points down. And that's how we think about unit price year in and year out 2020 not been any different?
Jack Meehan: Great. Thank you, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. And our following question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Your line is open.
Kevin Caliendo: Hey, guys. I just wanted to go through this beacon thing a little bit more. I want to make sure the math that we're doing here is right. Because if I'm looking at your guidance for the fourth quarter, it assumes that the diagnostic margin would fall to about 13% and that's for the full quarter of beacon. And our math at 150 basis points in a revenue per requisition is around $25 million impact. Is that all falling -- should we just assumed it all falls to the EBIT line? And thats maybe how will want to think about it for the first three quarters of 2020?
David King: Yeah. No.
Glenn Eisenberg: Im sorry. That's diagnostic - I might add that's Covance at 13%, Diagnostics is higher than that, I apologize.
David King: Yes, no. The beacon part using what the 1.5% impact on rev rec would give you to call it the $25 million in revenue that you're speaking to. But obviously, there's a margin associated with that and then that would fall to the operating income. And as we talk about beacon was an attractive business with margins that were higher than the diagnostics overall, but that's a shortfall to earnings that again we'll have to make up. So annualizing that is a fair proxy to start. And again, we'll look to make up some of that through additional business through the business and again launch-pad savings in the growth overall is the business, but your margin decline at least the margin that you are saying in the fourth quarter as we said earlier, while margins will be down in the fourth quarter, again, in part because of the impact of beacon, that will be down less than its been down all year. So we actually do see some favorable this coming in. And when you look at our margin a year ago, I think we were 16.5m so you can kind of factor in that the margin will we better than what you expected.
Kevin Caliendo: Got it. Okay. That is helpful. And just one, quick one on Covance. The M&A contribution was bigger than we've thought. You talked about some pass-through revenue weakness. I just - question, excluding the pass through what was Covance organic revenue growth? And at what point should we cycle pass the faster weakness we've seen in the Covance segment?
David King: Yeah. I think that as we said in the press release and then Glenn just stated that pass throughs - without excluding the pass-throughs, we expect to grow mid to high single-digit. And from the standpoint, variety of factors include influence the pass-throughs and study lifecycle, geographic mix, business mix. And right now I think once we get through 2019, youll see as we see the early development, the labs, the content of FSP mix versus programmatic, you will see a little bit of the volatility but 2020 will be a more natural year so I will call it.
Kevin Caliendo: Great. That's very helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with Craig-Hallum. Your line is open.
Kevin Ellich: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess, Dave, wanted to go back to your comment in the prepared remarks about the nine studies that won from a single customer in oncology. Can you give us a little bit more color as to what's driving that? Who the customer was, and if you have other opportunities like that?
John Ratliff: Yeah. Kevin, this is John. We dont provide specific customers, but clearly with this large pharma customer, they've seen the value of the data. Theyve seen the value of the patient recruitment strategy through the voice of the customer and the specific inclusion and exclusion criteria that they can manage, trials in a much quicker manner and more efficiently and effectively. And so, that has then upped our win rate significantly, doubling it as well as then magnitude of dollars then from that, principally in the oncology area, but also in the NASH area, respiratory. But weve seen our strategies, our data capabilities work and work very effectively and, obviously, broadening that out to the entire oncology therapeutic areas as well as our other therapeutic areas that we support. 
Kevin Ellich: Great. Thanks John. So, Dave, I dont know if this is your last call, but just wanted to say happy retirement and it's been great working with you.
David King: Thank you, Kevin. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Your line is open.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. Dave, I did want to go back to your comments on sort of the unit price commentary being sort of flat to slightly down. I think you made a comment that, like it is in healthcare. I just want to clarify that because I think as we look across, sort of, the healthcare spectrum Medicare's even specifically has pointed to unit price being sort of the overly significant driver of, call it, 6% type trends. So I guess, I'm still unclear and don't understand how you can't get at least a CPI, if not more, increase from commercial, especially given sort of the value proposition that you present, which obviously has been evident by the open network and open contracting?
David King: Yeah, we could spent a lot of time on this Ralph. But I think, at a high level, I would summarize by saying that, first of all, just realized that from a structural perspective, the market, particularly with hospital acquisition of physicians and their ability to direct work into the hospital laboratory creates a competitive disadvantage for us, that does affect pricing, right? Because they get paid more, they have, in many markets, a dominant market position, and now they can dictate to the physicians that the lab work has to be sent there. So thats one sort of structural impediment to this idea that we should be able to get sort of market rate increases every year. The second thing is, I think, your 6% unit price statistic is distorted when you think about the laboratory business because when you think of that for example, pharma, where you make get a 10% price increase on a drug that costs 50 time a typical lap encounter, that's going to heavily skew your overall assessment of price. If I look at healthcare services broadly, think about distributors, think about pharmacies, think about laboratories, think about home health, think about durable medical equipment, you're not seeing price increases, you're seeing price being flat to down and you are seeing contract negotiations leading to down pricing in a typical case. So, I'm actually very proud of what we've accomplished in unit pricing over this year and over the last several years, particularly this year with the contracts opening. And then the last comment I would make for better or worse is when you're seeing as offering a service that is readily replaceable by somebody else, it's just difficult to go in and say we should get a price increase when others can be switched in. All that said, I will say, we negotiating our contracts for cost-of-living increases, call it type increases, we don't get them every year, but they are part of our contracting strategy. And that's part of the reason that we are able to keep price -- unit price relatively flat over time. So, I hope thats helpful and obviously, it's a very complicated topic. But those are some of the market dynamics that I think explain why. It's not just a simple proposition of we get a price increase.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. All right. Yes, fair enough. I guess as my quick follow up here the other income line, I noted in anyone's question, but it did have a fairly sizable swing in the quarter. What was that related to? And can you help us sort of the annual run rate of that line item and may be moving forward? Thanks.
David King: Ralph, were you at other income, is that what you said?
Ralph Giacobbe: Yes, the other income, the other net, I think went from negative $10 million in expense to couple of million dollars favorable or positive?
David King: Yes. No, the - when you look at the - call it a year ago period, the $209 million and you will see this kind of in the reconciliation of our GAAP versus adjusted that was essentially the gain on the divestiture of our Food Solutions business. And that even in the third quarter of this year, we had - again in that reconciliation charge, you'll see the same, there was a net impact of around $2.7 million gain due to the benefit of primarily gain from our venture fund. That $2.7 million as well as the -- call it the $209 million are both excluded from our as-adjusted results. So, other income/net is plus or minus relatively flat.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. Maybe we can follow-up offline, because I thought I saw sequentially that change, but we can follow-up on that offline. Thank you.
David King: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our following question comes from Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Bill Quirk: Great. Thanks. Good morning everybody. So, I guess -- certainly appreciate the comments around the ongoing revenue synergies for Covance that are being helped or augmented by the LabCorp Diagnostics business. Dave I was wondering - thinking about revenue synergies going the other direction, i.e. leveraging Covance's access to clinical trials in terms of directing that to win diagnostics business, any thoughts there?
David King: Yes, good morning. As I mentioned in the prepared comments, the Covance site partnerships provide benefits in both directions. So, the opportunity to offer clinical trials to health systems is seen as a positive because it gives us more than just - we can help you manage your lab cost, we can help you reduce you lab cost. We can help you introduce your lab costs and manage like this we can also bring you revenue opportunities. And so I think the Covance business supports the diagnostics business in very clear way and that instance..
Glenn Eisenberg: And also say and it is strong when you get into the capabilities of the hybrid virtual trials, the diagnostics capabilities with patient service centers coupled with the Covance central lab analytics, the market access areas of clinical side, as well as the CRO side allow you to do those hybrid virtual trials in a much more efficient manner. And so that's another way of utilization of multiple parts of the enterprise.
Bill Quirk: Understood. And I guess is as a follow-up, I guess, is there any way to -- historically youve quantified periodically, the Covance impact from LabCorp, could we - maybe talk little bit about again to LabCorp benefit from Covance? And then secondly just on the PLNs and broadly speaking, there is a lot of chatter around others beyond United following suite, any update there? Thanks guys.
David King: Well, yes. I think that was the best way to quantify the benefits to the businesses is topline growth and Covance grown to 9% this quarter in constant currency and the enterprise, when you adjust for the divestitures grows to grew almost 5%. So I think it's pretty that the top line growth is strong as a result of the combination of the businesses. On the P&L we continue to have conversations with other payers. Nobody has rolled out something similar. I think there is great interest in what United is doing and if it successful, we'll see followers.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Erin Wright: Thanks. I had a broader question just on underlying demand trends across the CRO segment and Covance. And where are you seeing better demand trends in foodservice or FSP or large pharma versus smaller biopharma? And have there been sort of any meaningful changes in outsourcing demand trends in your view? Or any sort of changes that you've seen in the nature of changes new business wins that you have in the quarter? Thanks.
David King: Had a great quarter in terms of business wins and they were broad-based. And so, it was broad based in terms of early development labs as well as clinical. With respect to segmenting that, the significance of biotech sector with the NR wins has been increasing and that's where the vast majority of portfolio development is, in terms of pharma, and so we see that within our order rates. And then with respect to the FSP versus the programmatic, we do see strengths trends on both sides. We do see strength in terms of the programmatic wins as well as the FSP. I think if you look at market data, the FSP might be slightly higher. But from the standpoint of in terms of the way we look at the business and the way that is flowing, the early development business of course is a quicker burn business. But in the central labs and the clinical business or seeing broad-based positive and our penetration in that obviously with a 1.28, last 12 is very good results.
Erin Wright: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then can you give us an update on relationship with Wallgreens or in terms of both the lab side of business as well from a CRO perspective too? Thanks.
David King: Erin. It's Dave. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks from a diagnostic side, the Walgreens, we continue to roll out the Walgreens. We continue to get very positive commentary around the patient experience from the kind of integrated side of integrating patient data, recruitment, virtual trials, where we continue to discuss the rollout of what we call the beyond PSC aspects of the Wallgreens relationship and we expect to have an update on that as we move into 2020.
Erin Wright: Okay. Thank you.
David King: So we are at 10 minutes before the hour. So we have six questioners in the queue. Wed like to get to everybody. So let's please one question and one follow-up and also if your questions has been asked, please dont ask it again. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Coldwell with Baird. Your line is open.
Eric Coldwell: Thanks, David. You made it easy for me because there in actually hit on my topic, so I'll leave it to the next questioner. Just wanted to say good luck in your future endeavors. Thanks so much.
David King: Thank you, Eric. Its been a pleasure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Donald Hooker with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Donald Hooker: Good morning. So you guys have talked a couple this quarter and last quarter about increasing pass-through from pre-clinic to clinical trial work at Covance. I guess you have those two businesses for Covance for many years. Is there some reason why I guess you are seeing more pass through now versus in prior years? Is there something going on in there in the science or in what you are doing?
John Ratliff: Yes, Donald. This is John. And so we are  whenever you have a large content of biotech within the early development then that movement in terms of the later stage or early late stage then moves in a much greater penetration. I'd also say that there is a level of science and organization that we put within the early development to enhance that capabilities as we bring across the bridge whether that's on the pure clinical side or on the regulatory side whether that moves to our bio areas or whether that moves into the first demand within the Phase 1 area. So clearly the first forward up the latter is tremendous. We have over a 100 opportunities there right now.
David King: And I have to say, Don, its Dave that historically I think prior to John coming, Covance was a much more silent organization who were only development, kind of, thought about early development and why thought about lab. And under John and Pauls leadership we've really expanded the scope of the organization. In my mind worked through some of the silos. The Covance organization is much more integrated and thinking about and attracting these opportunities to pull them across and that's part of the reason for success.
Donald Hooker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark Massaro with Canaccord. Your line is open.
Mark Massaro: Hey, guys. Thank you for the question. I might be splitting hairs here, but the managed care impact from volumes was about 100 basis points. First couple of quarters was about 70 basis points. Recognizing that that's a small difference, I'm more asking about your expectations on seeing a trend potentially getting better or maybe becoming a little more challenge as we think about 2020, because your large competitor talked about its confidence and continuing to add lives from United. So any feedback there would be helpful?
David King: Yeah, Mark it's Dave. I think it was - I think it's basically 70, 90, 90, 100, which in my mind is flat. I mean, we know 70 in the first quarter because the change over actually look like its started more in February than January and then it's been 90, 90, 100. So I definitely can say the trend is a stable. We are not losing care. Our participation rates for United and Horizon have been quite steady. And in terms of the future, we have the same growth opportunities. We are in the same networks that our competitors talk about. And so its one of the reasons I feel very optimistic that there are number of markets for us is the demographics, the aging population, the greater utilization of lab tests as people age, the introduction of new tests and technologies. All of those things support long-term growth as well as the things like the Preferred Lab Network that are innovating in favor of the highest quality, lowest cost providers. So we feel great about what we've done this year in the managed care contracting. The team in the ground and the field has done a terrific job and we're really proud of it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matt Larew with William Blair. Your line is open.
Matt Larew: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my question. Dave you just mention some of the broader dynamic constraining on the laboratory in the next several years. Just wanted to know whether you are early enough with Walgreens in terms of whether you're reshaping up your footprint to more of a retail setting, it could be a long-term driver or share that something with the providers of scale that can't be replicated by some of your hospital or competitors? And then second, if you think this is sort of in the second year PAMA, whether you're starting to see a sort of step change and the willingness or interest of hospital and average labs to partner with you? Thanks.
David King: Sure. So second question first. Yes I think the dynamics of PAMA are being  becoming much more well recognizing the marketplace. It is affecting the industry and weve talked about some of the - of the ways with the challenges the smaller providers or smaller labs are facing. I am going to say, again as Ive said, along it's not a good thing for patients. Patient access is being limited nursing home patients are left without range of services it's very unfortunate situation and we continue to work very hard through to lay back and to the lawsuit to reverse the misguided way in which this has been implemented by CMS. In terms of the Walgreens opportunity and thinking about offerings more opportunity in the retail setting, I think if Walgreens is being more complementary to our footprint then replacing a lot a lot of the existing footprint. Patients just dont want to come to patient service centers in the doctor's office or new the doctors offices. At the same time, there are a lot of patients who are not - who are not fasting or whom want to come in the afternoon, we are going to able to make use of Walgreens that have to make to the drug store. Mostly people leave the doctor's office with the prescription to pick-up and lap slip we provide them the opportunity to fill the prescription and get their labs done there. So I think I also think as Walgreens and other retailers start monitoring more broadly in offering broader health care services. So urgent care is in the retail in the retail, clinics retailer, we work for CBS and in many clinic and all of these things are going to lead to further growth opportunities for us and that's why we had so much focus on the consumer and on being the patient where they want to be met.
Matt Larew: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our following question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hi. Good morning and thanks for the question. So, just a  just going back to think about fourth quarter the last year, there was obviously a number of headwind from the DTC volumes and potentially in-sourcing from other hospitals and probably such a contract shipped weather. I'm just trying to infect  I am just trying to understand - I am just trying to understand the impact when you start to think about normalizing the outlook for 4Q this time and then compared it last year? So what better whats worse when you look at this? And I am just trying  I am just trying to figure out where we are at the various headwinds and where  whats going to get annualized in this? And I mean, obviously  something is gotten better? And I mean, obviously something's got a better and now it got the full impact of United contract switch, but just sort of compare and contrast on  from the quarters it would be great? Thanks. That's my only question.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, Derik. This is Glen. I'll take the first one. To you point, we did have a softness in the fourth quarter last year. But when you really think about from this year's standpoint, we have good organic volume growth again, with the offset being opening up in the managed care contract. We have a full year impact of our LaunchPad initiative. We will have a benefit of a revenue day. The acquisitions that we've done are additive to  call it the annualization of our divesture that would have been there in the fourth quarter of last year, thats not going to be in the fourth quarter of this year. So as you  you know, fair amount of pluses and minuses but from our perspective we expect to see good growth, good margins, albeit still down, even a year ago, but that's all driven off of PAMA. But again, the least of margin decline that we would've seen year-on-year for this year setting us up well as we move into the next year.
David King: Derik. Its Dave. I think two major factors that we spoke about the last year in the fourth quarter were the hospital volumes and then direct-to-consumer genetic testing. And we havent seen any impact or unusual change in hospital volumes this year so far, at any point the way that did last year in the fourth quarter. And as we've said and - continue to say that we modeled the direct-to-consumer businesses basically flat to down. So those are the status if you will of the items that we call out last year in 4Q is being the headwinds. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Ricky Goldwasser: Yeah, hi. Good morning. And so Dave going back to some of your prepared comments when you talked about BeaconLBS, you highlighted that there are multiple opportunities for growth with other payers. So maybe you can share with us what type of discussions you are involved with? And also from a payer perspective, what's the value-add? But also when - if payers need to kind of decide we want to do -- do we want to adopt BeaconLBS versus a Preferred Lab Network. What you think is easier from a payer perspective? And then just follow-up question that I have is, your comments around margin for next year for diagnostic being flat to slightly down -- in line with what you said when we last met back in September in our conference and we view them as very, very bullish. So my question - my follow-up question on that is back in September did you factoring that the exit of Beacon already into your comments or r have other things transpired since that help off that in help you maintain that kind of that positive outlook into next year? 
Dave King: Good morning, Ricky. Ill start. First of all, in the prepared comments I said BeaconLBS has multiple other opportunities for revenue growth. I didn't specifically talk about payers. There are some opportunities with payers, but there are multiple other opportunities with ACO's - with health systems that want to manage utilization internally --with large multi-disciplinary physicians, specialty practices that want to adhere to clinical guidelines for testing. So the value proposition is and - by the way I will say from my perspective BeaconLBS was huge success in Florida. Certainly there was some market push-back about utilization management. But there were significant savings realized. There was a much higher level of network adherence from physician so it certainly works. And in my view the decision that United made was as I said in the prepared comments, it was a strategic decision on their part to offer programs and networks including the PLN and BeaconLBS to consumers on a national basis. So I think of the opportunity for any payer or provider or health systems looking at BeaconLBS as it's an opportunity to enhance testing utilization, pursuant to evidence based guidelines. Its an opportunity to manage  the use of high cost testing particularly by non-network providers. And it's an opportunity to engage directly with the physician about test selection at the point service to educate them about when they are choosing the right test and what its going to cost the patient to have the test performed. So that's - I think why we are optimistic about the revenue opportunities for BeaconLBS despite the non-renewal in Florida. In terms of the margin Glenn, you want to comment on that one.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah. Ricky, obviously when we were together in September, and we did talk kind of the flat to slightly down, you know, our margin outlet for next year, which again will provide more color as we go into 2020. There is just obviously a wide range of outcomes, obviously at that time we knew the potential for the non-renewal of the contract is one of the factors that come in, which is why were giving you a little bit of bandwidth relative to our margin expectations.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to your speakers for any further remarks.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you.
David King: Well, I guess we have to do a little valedictory here, so what I want to talk about is that on October 6, we celebrated the 50th anniversary of LabCorp as a Company, which is pretty amazing when you think about it. In 50 years of history here, one thing we've learned is that when we begin an amazing journey and pursue it with preparation and passion, there's no telling where it could end. And I am at the end of an amazing journey; I've been enormously privileged to play a part in an incredible process of growth and transformation at this company. And I want to thank all of you for your encouragement and your support along the way. I am leaving the company in great hands. We have outstanding leaders succeeding in terms of Adam Schechter and John, Paul, and Glenn and the entire LabCorp and Covance leadership team, and of course, our 61,000 dedicated colleagues around the world. I couldn't feel better about the long term opportunities for this business, and the long term validity and proven success of our strategy. So I know that the LabCorp flame will burn brightly while the torch isn't keeping of our next generation of leaders. I wish every one of you good luck and Godspeed. Thank you and good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q2 2019 LabCorp Earnings Conference Call. . As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. It is now my pleasure to hand the conference over to, Ms. Clarissa Willett, VP of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Clarissa Willett: Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp Second Quarter 2019 Conference Call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and John Ratliff, CEO of Covance Drug Development. This morning in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com, we posted both our press release and Investor Relations' presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which include a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call. Additionally, we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to estimated 2019 guidance and the related assumptions, the impact of various factors on operating and financial results, expected savings and synergies and the opportunities for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements is based upon current expectations and is subject to change, based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2018 Form 10-K and subsequent forms 10-Q, and in the company's other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
David King: Thank you, Clarissa, and good morning. I'll begin by discussing financial highlights of the second quarter. Our results in the quarter were again driven by strong demand across both businesses and consistent execution of our strategy to deliver world-class diagnostics, bringing new medicines to patients faster and use technology to change the way care is delivered. We delivered another strong quarter across the enterprise, revenue of $2.9 billion was nominally an increase of 0.5% over last year, but this significantly understates the strength of our operational performance. Top line revenues from continuing operations grew 4%, decreased by 3 major nonoperational items, 1.9% of divestitures, 0.9% of PAMA impact and 0.7% of negative currency. We delivered excellent margin performance, given the impact from PAMA and adjusted EPS of $2.93. We also deployed $656 million for strategic acquisitions and $200 million to share repurchase. Our Diagnostics business again performed well as our team continue this outstanding work, retaining volume put at risk by managed care contract changes. Revenue per requisition in the quarter, excluding divestitures was very strong, growing at 2.5% excluding the impact of PAMA. Despite PAMA and other headwinds, our organic volume, revenue per requisition and Diagnostics LaunchPad 2 initiatives combined to deliver an impressive 19.6% adjusted operating margin. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Dave. I'm going to start my comments with the review of our second quarter results, followed by discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with an update on our 2019 guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $2.9 billion, an increase of 0.5% over last year. The increase was primarily due to organic revenue growth of 1.7% and acquisitions of 1.4%, partially offset by divestitures of 1.9% and foreign currency translation of 70 basis points. Excluding the negative impact from PAMA of 90 basis points, organic revenue grew 2.6%. Operating income for the quarter was $336 million or 11.6% of revenue compared to $369 million or 12.9% last year.  During the quarter, we had $51 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily related to Launchpad initiatives and acquisition integration. Adjusted operating income, which excludes amortization of $60 million as well as restructuring charges and special items, was $447 million or 15.5% of revenue compared to $464 million or 16.2% last year. The decline in adjusted operating income and margin was due to the impact from PAMA of $27 million, higher personal costs and cybersecurity expenses partially offset by organic demand and Launchpad savings. The tax rate for the quarter was 29.4% compared to 25.1% last year. The adjusted tax rate, excluding special charges and amortization, was 25.2% compared to 24.5% last year. The higher adjusted tax rate was primarily due to the mix of earnings. We continue to expect the company's adjusted tax rate for the full year to be between 25% and 26%. Net earnings for the quarter were $190 million or $1.93 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS, which exclude amortization, restructuring charges and other special items, were $2.93 in the quarter, down 2% compared to last year.
Operator: . Our first question will come from Jack Meehan with Barclays.
Jack Meehan: I wanted to maybe talk a little bit about the lab business in the quarter. And was hoping if you could break out for us within the 2.5%, what the impact in the quarter was from some of the managed care access changes versus the consumer genetics? And just given some of the noise on the consumer genetic side, just, what's built into the second half in terms of in and back and the comps in the fourth quarter?
David King: Yes, it's Dave. So in terms of the consumer genetics business, the volume for the second quarter was down about 1.1% versus last year. It's the first time we've actually seen a volume decline, but as we have for chatter free over the last couple of quarters, we had said, we expected consumer genetics volume to be flat to down or for the balance of '19, that is built into the guidance. In terms of the changes in managed care access, we've not broken that number specifically, but what I'd say was basically flat from first quarter to second quarter, and the typical thing that you'd be interested in United and Horizon volumes basically remain stable and at the volumes increase a little bit for us. So broadly the managed care book did increase overall in terms of revenue and volume, but those 3 key components basically remained stable for the quarter.
Jack Meehan: Great. Also had two quick follow-ups on Covance. Is there any color you can provide...
David King: You set the precedence right here right now this morning. Use your...
Jack Meehan: Okay. So, appreciate Dave, also want to say congrats and see you in a few weeks.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Jack.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore.
Suzie Yoon: It's Suzie on for Ross. I guess just honing in on consumer genomics, what are your expectations for when those volumes could bounce back post 2019? And was the low demand a function of just 1 or 2 partners or the overall DTC genomics market?
David King: First of all, Jack, you're still entitled to one follow-up, sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off completely, just to save one follow-up. In answer to the question on consumer genomics, we're not guiding into 2020, what we've set for the balance of 2019 as we expect consumer genetics volume to be flat to down. As you know, we have one primary partner in the consumer genetics business, which is 23andMe. So I think it's a fair inference that, that's where the volume decline is coming from. And in terms of what the future of the consumer genetics business looks like, our assumption is that it's going to be flat to down for the foreseeable future.
Suzie Yoon: Got it. And as a follow-up, around 23andMe, is there any color you can provide around 23andMe post some promotional periods we just passed?
David King: No. The only guidance I can give you on 23andMe is what I responded in the prior question, which is, last year, we were slightly up in the first quarter, this year, we're down in the second quarter, we expect volumes to be flat to down for the balance of the year.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays.
Jack Meehan: I accept the follow-up question. Wanted to focus on Covance, just any color you can provide on how pass-throughs might have impacted revenue in the quarter? And a follow-up to the follow-up is, with patient direct, how broad of a patient for do you think you can now address with that?
John Ratliff: On pass-throughs, Jack, this is John, it was -- pass-throughs were up this quarter and at the same time comparable to the organic growth that we stated in constant currency at 5.5% level. So we didn't have the anomaly that we had in first quarter.
David King: And patient direct, Jack, it's Dave, the issue is where the sponsor comes to us with criteria that fit well within the items that we highlighted, which is geographic location, diagnosis codes and lab results. But the potential opportunity there is very significant because, part of what is a differentiator in terms of winning studies is that we have been -- Covance capabilities of protocol optimization combined with the ability to look at LabCorp data and see as you're optimizing the protocols, where your patients show most likely to be and where you're going to, so to speak, what ponds you're going to catch the most fishes. So we're excited about the patient direct and expect that it's going to continue to be a growing area. And as mentioned, we get compensated for each email that we send for the lab testing that we do and then for each patient that enrolls in the study.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill: Dave, I just want to talk about the competitive landscape and some recent news around shifts in some competitive capitated contracts, said, I would presume shifted to LabCorp from Quest. When I look at your revenue per req being up 2.5% versus last year, it doesn't seem to really dive with what we heard around pricing. So really just 2 questions there. One, how do we think about the competitive landscape today? And two, how do we think about the actual profitability of this piece of business that shifted?
David King: Well, the competitive landscape is the same as it's always been, which is, Quest is an excellent competitor, I like to think of ourselves as an excellent competitors. There are other excellent competitors in the market as well. And of course, we have to build in competition of health systems, which have the ability to actually own providers in direct business internally, which is something that is not an option available to us. So the competitive landscape remains challenging, but it's no more challenging than it's been in my career. It's -- we're out there competing every single day. On the specific question about the contracts, I would just say, I think when you win the contract, it's always on quality and service, and when you lose a contract, it's always on price. So I would discount somewhat the observations around pricing and profitability and those things. And what I would point to is our revenue per requisition is up 1%, ex PAMA and 2.5%, including PAMA, our adjusted operating income was 19.6%, $27 million of the $31 million in decline in operating income versus last year was due to PAMA. That to me does not indicate aggressive price cutting, here at LabCorp, and we have been very disciplined around pricing. We continue to be disciplined around pricing, and I'm not going to comment on specific contracts, but I am going to say that, we don't go out and solicit and win business that is bad business or that is below our profitability or our price -- per revenue per requisition expectations. We haven't done it and we're not going to start doing it now.
Lisa Gill: That's very helpful. And then just my follow up would be, Glenn, you talked about cash flow, acquisitions, share repurchase, paying down debt. Do you have specific things in the pipeline around acquisitions that we should be thinking about for the back half of the year? Or is that just kind of the general language of these are the kind of three things that we look at?
Glenn Eisenberg: I think it's, yes, on both if you will, I mean, we have generated the bulk of our free cash flow in the second half of the year. We did lever up a little bit, obviously, with the Envigo acquisition, so part of our free cash flow will be used to pay down debt in the second half. But we don't have obviously a lot of financial flexibility to continue to pursue tuck-in acquisitions as well as be in the market repurchasing share. So the acquisition pipeline continues to be good across both businesses as we evaluate opportunities. And I think it's fair to assume that without, obviously, saying that, we will do transactions but that part of that capital in the second half could go to tuck-in acquisitions as well.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Eric Coldwell with Baird.
Eric Coldwell: I just had a technical question on the calendar. I think this is the third quarter in the row where you've talked about calendar headwinds, revenue day headwinds. Can you tell us what exactly is going on there? And how does the calendar shake out for the rest of this year? And maybe I could allow the future request that we get revenue days or calendar day so analysts can be more thoughtful about modeling this going forward?
David King: Yes, Eric, it's Dave. So when we calculate the calendar, obviously, there's the same number of days every year, but what's important to us is the strength of days. So Mondays are not strong days, Saturdays are not strong days, Tuesdays and Wednesdays are stronger days, and obviously then there's the impact of holidays and three holiday days. So it's not quite as simple as saying there's so many days in this month and so many days in that month. It's how many Tuesdays and Wednesdays fall in a particular month versus Sundays and Mondays. That said, every year, we look at the calendar and we calculate the strength of the total revenue days across the year. In the first quarter of this year, we were about a half a day below the first quarter of 2018. In this quarter, we're about a half a day below the second quarter of 2018. In the third quarter, the number of days will be identical year-over-year and the fourth quarter, we'll have the benefit of one more revenue day. So that is the calendar for the balance of the year, and we will consider your request to give you more insight earlier in the year on the strength of the calendar and come back to you on that.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: I wanted to talk about the Diagnostic margin, it was a lot better than what we had modeled. You called out LaunchPad, can you talk specifically about the incremental savings that you got from LaunchPad in the quarter? And how we should be thinking about the diagnostic margin going forward?
David King: Yes, I'll let Glenn start on that, then I'll add any comments that I might have.
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure. Yes. Kevin, what we actually talk about is the total Launchpad initiative over the three years and the $200 million that we expect to realize, and we basically said, use a pro rata for each of the 3 years of the program. But the reality is as we do ramp up as we go throughout the program. So we don't quantify how much impact it has in any particular quarter, but clearly, when we talk about the headwinds that we had and how well Diagnostics performed, one of the key drivers to the performance was all the Launchpad initiatives that will continue to benefit. As we think about the Diagnostics margins for the year, what we said was that, if you will, the second -- the decline in margins year-on-year is there, given the significant impact of PAMA. But that we expect to see less of a year-over-year decline as the year progresses because LaunchPad's ramping up. So even though margins will be down in the second half year-over-year, they will be down less than they were in the first half year-on-year, and obviously, yes, improvements expected as we get into 2020.
David King: And I would just say, agree with everything Glenn said. I think it's also important to recognize that a lot of what LaunchPad is about is more than just near-term savings. So the business transformation from the digitization of the business and the streamlining of workflows is an ongoing savings for our business out in 2021 and beyond because we're able to do more without adding new heads, because we we're able to redeploy the people that we have for customer facing position. So there's a pretty profound element of business transformation here that I don't want to lose sight of and that has greater long-term benefits than just the near-term cost savings.
Kevin Caliendo: Got it. And just a quick follow-up on Envigo. I know it was only in for a short period of time. But was there any impact on bookings, book-to-bill? Any of that kind of stuff as you brought it on?
John Ratliff: Kevin, this is John. So it was only in there for one month, so a nominal effect. So as you know, in the early development area that has a quicker burn on the revenue side, a little bit lower book-to-bill but have nominal effect on the quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Rivka Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Rivka Goldwasser: So Dave, you seemed more positive today on the opportunity from United preferred lab network. So when you think about the restrictions that United put in place that requires providers to do certain things to go out of network. Is this came out better than what you expected? And how should we think about that opportunity for next year?
David King: As I said in my prepared remarks, I think that impact this -- we're not expecting or factoring into guidance any significant impact from the PLN in 2019, just because of the start up and the times it's going to take providers to become adjusted to the restrictions. I think the requirements that United has at least talk about for what they would ask providers to do before they go out of network are positive. For those of us who are in the network, I think, as we said for long-term, the real long-term opportunity is in benefit design and it's also in creating appropriate incentives for patients and for positions to use the more efficient lower cost providers versus referring either out of network or to higher cost providers who are in the network. So I'm pleased with the initiative that United is taking. I'm pleased with the collaborative way, which they are talking to us and to the industry about how we can use the PLN as a device to improve quality and reduce cost of lab services. And I'm hopeful that in 2020, we're going to see some nice benefit from it.
Rivka Goldwasser: Okay. And then my follow-up is in an earlier comment, you said that the volumes from United and Horizon kind of like, stabilized 1Q to 2Q. I think that in the first quarter, you mentioned that the impact -- the negative impact was about 70 basis points on volume growth. So should we assume 70 basis points this quarter as well?
David King: I would say, approximately, I mean, we're not going to give the basis point by basis point. But it was in that ballpark of the 70 basis points and not materially different from what we saw in the first quarter. As we said, Ricky, we expected the major impact to be in the first quarter and that's how it's played out for us.
Glenn Eisenberg: Ricky, another way to kind of get to the number a little bit, if you will is we talked about the three big headwinds on the volume accounted for roughly 2.5% headwind. We quantify the daily impact of 60 basis points in our opening remarks, Dave, commented about consumer genetics being around 1%. So you can get to the managed care impact of the comp around 1% as well a little bit below.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank.
Daniel Leonard: May be a quick clarification on that last point, Glenn. What was consumer genetics volume down 1%? Or was the headwind from the consumer genetics volume decline 1%, meaning that the business was down a lot more than that?
Glenn Eisenberg: No, the consumer genetics volume was down 1.1% versus last year.
Daniel Leonard: Okay. And I want to spend my follow-up on that. So I have a quick follow-up here. Dave, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you had important contract wins in key markets, can you elaborate? Or are these contracts with managed care companies, contracts with physician networks or hospitals, fee-for-service were capitated, any elaboration would be helpful?
David King: Yes, they were a couple of managed care contracts, and yes, I'm not going to go into the detail of every contract, but the reason we felt they were in key markets was that they were in markets where we probably felt that our exposure from the contract changes with United and Horizon were greater. So they helped to reinforce the strength of the business there. There were also a couple of health system transactions and as well the expansion of the Mount Sinai, a partnership to sort of another line of growth with the artificial intelligence of the digital pathology collaboration.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Erin Wright with Crdit Suisse.
David King: Before we do this, I just -- I want to correct a misstatement that I made just moments ago which is the 1.1% negative for consumer genetics was negative to volume for the business. It was not the consumer genetics year-over-year. I want to make sure I'm saying this right. So when we look at the organic volume being down, right, it was 60 basis points for the year-over-year comparison of days, 1.1% for consumer genetics and the balance being the managed care, so about 0.8% on the managed care, right? So that's how we got to the down number. So it wasn't the delta just within consumer genetics, that was the drag on the overall volume for the business, I'm sorry, I misstated that.
Erin Wright: Okay, thanks, that's helpful, this is Erin. At Covance -- switching gears to the Covance, I guess, what inning would you say that we're in, in terms of better leveraging the data asset, the cost of CRO platform and then cost of Diagnostics platform. I guess, it's still relatively early. But you did highlight several examples in the prepared remarks. And I'm just curious if you could quantify or characterize with those, how the win rate is improving? How you're leveraging kind of some of the diagnostic you feel these data assets in? And also kind of, are you winning customers that you haven't worked with before on the CRO side?
John Ratliff: Yes, Erin, this is John. From the standpoint of any what inning, we'll call it in the -- right in the game, it is fourth inning, let's say, and from the beginning point of -- data is mandated in every deal that we do. And so when we win, that is based on, yes, data. But it's also based on the quality of the team, so quality of the medics, project management, et cetera. So there's multiple factors of why you win. From the standpoint of -- we potentially are going to be continuing to be in the middle of the game, only because we're looking at more data, more -- we're -- world data, more international data, looking at very specifically additional data. When you get into the oncology areas, you need additional data and that being the majority of our portfolio. So the strength of our data is a myth. You have the worldwide nature of the central lab data and then the very specific capabilities of the Diagnostics data, and having that $2.5 million assessments of week, that we can analog. So the data is tremendous. We feel capabilities have increased and continue to increase and we'll be looking at additional data to enable the business wins that we have had, but we'll have in the future.
Erin Wright: Okay, thanks. And a quick follow-up. I guess, just digging to underlying test mix dynamics. What meaningfully influence kind of that revenue per req in the quarter?
David King: Erin, it's Dave. So we have strength in the non-consumer genetics. So genetics broadly not noninvasive prenatal testing. We have strength in allergy and we have strength in oncology, which was a nice trend over what previously has been sort of a flat business, the oncology business is trending up, a lot of that having to do with the companion diagnostics capabilities. We had strength in women's health and we had some strength in medical growth monitoring. So broadly, the Esoteric Testing base performed very well and that benefited us in terms of our mix.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Goldman Sachs.
Patrick Donnelly: Maybe just one for John, on the Covance side, just looking at the back half ramp, can you just talk to the moving pieces there? I mean, obviously, Envigo rolls in, but in order to get to maybe the midpoint or even top ends, obviously, digging in some pretty nice growth in the back half. Can you just talk through confidence level there in the moving pieces?
John Ratliff: Yes. Confidence is there, Patrick. It's the combination of organic demand, yes, to your point acquisitions, but it's also that you have less currency headwinds in the second half of the year. So it's really enabled by those three things, the backlog of $10 billion, as Glenn stated, the 40% of the backlog in terms of line of sight tactically. And then clearly, the acquisitions kick in as well as then the currency based on today's currencies, you wouldn't see as much headwinds as you've seen in the first half.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. And then maybe just one for Glenn, just on the margin cadence, staying on the Covance business, again Envigo coming in there. Can you just talk through the back half, how we should expect the margins to trend, obviously, the cost savings initiatives are really taking hold. But maybe just talk through again the moving pieces there with the M&A coming in and how we should expect it to trend?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Now you kind of hit on the points, we expect to see a nice improvement in margins in the second half of the year driven off of the organic growth in the business and the Launchpad initiatives that are kicking in. The acquisition of Envigo will mix up our margin as well as we have a full second half of the year with it.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe: Dave, those contract win that you mentioned, can you just give us a sense of when they were won, and was there an impact to volume in the second quarter? And or is that more of a back half story?
David King: I believe one of them, Ralph, took effect February 1, and one on the March 1, there was a little bit of impact at the end of the first, but I would say most of the impact started in the second quarter. So it's going to continue to ramp throughout the year, but it's in the numbers.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. And any, I mean, I guess is there any sense of the size of those, I mean, is there capitative contracts? I guess, the argument is there's a lot more, sort of, volume not as sort of revenue per req? Or any more insights there?
David King: Well, I think you guys are referring that the contracts that our competitors have talked about the contracts that we won, and I honestly, don't know the answer to that question because they didn't specify the contracts. But what I will say is, if you look at the revenue per requisitions number for the quarter and you look at the volume number for the quarter, it doesn't suggest to me that there is anything that's going to have a significant impact one way or the other for the balance of the year either on the volume or on the price.
Ralph Giacobbe: Fair enough. And then obviously there's been the opening of the Aetna and United contracts and sort of this all you mean a see change. But then we hear about sort of the competitiveness of the market. So are the United and Aetna contracts more of, sort of the one-off nationals doing this but more sort of a status quo within regional contracts where there's just more exclusivity and that's just the way it's going to be?
David King: I think it's hard to generalize because, for example, Horizon, which is a regional contract opened up on the other hand before the blue contract, it's still exclusive and we're not participating in it. So I think, the regional plans because of the concentration of where the patients are located and because of the not having a need for a broad national network probably have more openness to exclusive contracts. But I would also say, I think the trend is -- the trend increasingly is how do we optimize the network to get the highest quality for our patients at a favorable price point.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst: This is  on for Derik today. Just wanted to ask, what's the updated outlook for early-stage versus late-stage growth on the CRO side overall as an industry trend?
John Ratliff: I think from the standpoint of -- this is John, the late-stage versus early-stage, most analysts have the early-stage in and around the 4.5% to 5% growth, with the later-stage the industry growth is a little bit higher than that in 5% to 7% range. We see just based on the RP flows, proposal flows, actually nice growth in both areas as well as even on our central labs. So we see pipeline strong.
Unidentified Analyst: That's very helpful, John. Just as follow-up also on the Covance side. Wanted to see what's the net book-to-bill for the quarter? And if there's any pass-through impact on revenues and bookings?
John Ratliff: The bookings regularly shift between the quarters so we're focused on trailing 12-month period versus the quarterly. We expect to continue to deliver, and we did that in terms of 1.26x. What I will say is that we've been remarkably consistent raising from around 1.24x to 1.26x over the last 4 quarters. And our service may seem to a little bit more heavily to the faster burning business than some of our competitors. So clearly, a slow burning work can provide a boost to bill and it won't take out the revenue generation. But we've been, as I said before, consistent with that 1.24x to 1.26x over the last four quarters.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Kevin Ellich with Craig-Hallum.
Kevin Ellich: Dave. Two quick question. So first, you guys announced the Mount Sinai digital pathology in AI deal and then you also recently announced the path AI strategic investment. Just, could you give us a little bit more color on how big that opportunity is? And how much you think that could add to the growth over time? And then the second question is about Pixel and how big that is for you guys now and also where do see that going?
David King: Sure, Kevin. I'll start with the artificial intelligence. So this is -- the digital pathology is a long-term, I think significant opportunity in terms of both the improvement of the quality of care and the optimization of our pathology resources. I don't think we're going to see any material near-term impact, the idea with Mount Sinai is to introduce digital pathology, do side-by-side comparisons with actual pathologist, see how we optimize the use of digital pathology in routine pathology and are able to direct the pathologist towards the more complex and difficult cases. So I would say, long-term, I do see digital pathology expanding broadly across the laboratory business. But I -- and there is a significant opportunity to better allocate and deploy resources, I don't see any major impact in the near term and in terms of path AI, we continue to be very interested in all forms of artificial intelligence and machine learning that will help with diagnosis, if I remember was more than 10 years ago when we introduced image-guided path, which, in those days, was thought to be and was, I mean, a very dynamic change in the market from the traditional way of looking at path sphere. So it takes time for these innovations to take hold and to transform the business, but they are transformational over time.  On Pixel, it's not material right now. The self-collection devices, we continue to refine our abilities around the self-collection device. We view this self-collection device over time as a very important tool for our health system partners, for care of patients in the home. But the big initiative this quarter was to get the Pixel offering into the patient service centers where consumers can go, they can self-direct testing, they can get the results in a separate secure website, they can do as they choose with those results. So if there is a health and wellness component. There are multiple reasons why people may want to get their testing done that doesn't come back through their primary care physician or through their insurance company. And what we're trying to do is, as we've said, we're a number of years now -- we're trying to meet the consumer where they want to be met and serve them in the way that they want to be served. I think the long-term opportunity with the consumer direct testing is quite significant for us.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies.
Bryan Ross: This is Bryan Ross on for Brian. Maybe sticking with the consumer side. I want your thoughts on the Walgreens retail strategy and maybe pressing out on the centers side. What's the thought process on the pace of center development and where those ultimately end up being located, if that more just for consumers may not have easy access to lap concurrently? Or the other regions such as may be aligned to certain peer population and as a follow-up, you discussed on the other areas where you can collaborative with Walgreens. So just want to hear your thoughts there and if anything's progressed on that front over the last couple months?
David King: Sure. As I said, Ron, we're on track for 200 stores by the end of 2020 and 600 over time. The goal is, again, meet the consumer where the consumer wants to be met. And so part of the rationale for Walgreens centers is places where we feel that we don't have the density of patient service centers, the density of access points or the convenience that we would like to have. Part of it is our ability to draw patients who are -- who have other needs and then we do market research on the patients in the stores, we find that I think, the numbers about a quarter of them buying something else at Walgreens or fill up prescription at Walgreens so that's an important reason why they may choose Walgreens versus a standalone patient service center. And we have a great partnership with Walgreens. We are -- we and talk with them regularly. We have senior executive meeting just this week and talked about the opportunities ahead. As I highlighted in the prepared remarks, the integration of our digital and mobile experiences, and the integration of LabCorp capabilities into Walgreens Find Care now, we think is great step forward and gives us yet more opportunity for exposure and for patients being aware of the collaboration opportunity there. And then on the next-generation CRO, we have some very specific things that we're working on that I'm quite enthusiastic about it, and will have more to talk about with those in the next couple of quarters ahead.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Matt Larew with William Blair.
Matthew Larew: I wanted to ask about capital deployment, last quarter, John mentioned that following the Envigo transaction, you felt good about the capabilities on the Covance side and then obviously, alluded to some nice new contract wins this quarter, the leverages capabilities so in light of those comments, just wondering how you're viewing your pipeline both on the Covance side as well as on the diagnostic side, and where you think you can use that capabilities across the enterprise?
David King: Yes, as Glenn mentioned, the pipeline is robust. When we think about adding capabilities, we've said many times, we always look at the strategic bit, that's the number one thing and then we look at the financial criteria. To me there's no area in which we are significantly deficient in terms of the market. We always look on the diagnostics side as where we can increase our critical mass, are there tests out there? Or capabilities out there, the MNG acquisition, for example, small deal but very significant for us because it significantly increased our capabilities around nextgen sequencing and our ability to bring nextgen sequencing and genetic testing to market rapidly. So and on the Covance side, John, would say, always looking at building strength in Asia Pac and gaining more critical mass there but there's no area -- we're gonna look at every opportunity as, does it fit strategically, is it financially attractive, does it give us the appropriate returns and we'll choose among a very robust pipeline in that way.
Operator: . Our next question will come from the line of Mark Massaro with Canaccord Genuity.
Mark Massaro: Dave, you talked about the oncology offerings showing growth. Can you provide some examples of where you're seeing the strongest growth? I asked given that there seems to be a renaissance in the precision medicine, liquid biopsy space, on the cancer monitoring and the MRD detection side, and I'm curious to see to what extent LabCorp's looking to drive innovation in this space relative to some other really strong lab companies moving the needle?
David King: Yes, we've been very involved, Mark, in liquid biopsy actually for a number of years going back to the Covance, you've seen us using them in the Covance business as innovative ways of looking at cancer trials. I think a lot of the strength that we're showing is in commercialization of companion diagnostics, again that are developed for Covance trials, or developed across the Covance business and then commercialized. And then what I would describe is, sort of more traditional oncology flow cytometry. I think, it's really important to recognize that the genetics of cancer becoming -- are becoming much better understood and so we're seeing genetic testing around tumors, we're seeing testing around sequencing of tumors, all is well. So it's a nice broad base of growth area that highlights the combined capabilities of LabCorp Covance as well as the ones stop shop it can be obtained by doing business with LabCorp because of our capabilities due to the oncology, due to genetics, due to routine blood counts and other tests that are required as part of the oncology treatment, and also look at recurrence and look at tumor burden and other aspects of the continuing course of patient care.
Mark Massaro: And then my related question, going back to direct to consumer genetic testing, some people that we've talked to have a view that DTC was great for ancestry testing, but has limitations for health given perhaps the lack of utility around array genotyping. Do you have a view about how this space potentially -- how this market could evolve and perhaps, whether it's a technology transfer more to sequencing?
David King: My view is that the consumer genetics market is a market that consumers are very interested in. As you say, there's been a -- there was a lot of interest in sort of the ancestry side of it or the genealogy side of it. It is more complex with health. I think some of the consumer genetics companies have done a very impressive job in getting the FDA to approve health based claims and to be able to educate consumers on those health based claims. I think, the real question is, to what extent our consumer's going to -- our consumer's going to adopt direct consumer genetic testing for health based as opposed to genealogy based purposes and I think that's a question that remains to be answered. I do agree obviously, that the -- that there would be benefits from moving more from array analysis to sequencing, but the other side of that is, when you do a sequence, there are so many things that are not known and so much opportunity for that confusion or uncertainty that I think it's just going to really be years before we know what the long-term future of the consumer genetics movement is. Operator, I think we're out of question.
Operator: Yes sir, we are. You may proceed with your closing remarks.
David King: Very well. Well, thank you for joining us this morning again. Very pleased with the strong performance this quarter and particularly, I want to highlight that we have more and more proof of points about the power of the combined enterprise in the way in which LabCorp and Covance are delivering unique solutions. And we're attracting new partners and new opportunities every day as a result of the capabilities that we bring to the market together. So I thank our 60,000 colleagues around the world for the outstanding effort this quarter, and wish you all a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This does conclude our program. And we may all disconnect. Everybody, have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Clarissa Willett: Good morning and welcome to LabCorp's first quarter 2019 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and John Ratliff, CEO of Covance Drug Development. This morning, in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com. we posted both our press release and an investor relations presentation with additional information on our business and operations, which includes a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call. Historically in connection with our earnings call, we have also furnished our Investor Relations slide deck on Form 8-K. Going forward, it is our expectation that we will only be posting these presentations on our website and not furnishing them on Form 8-K. We encourage investors to monitor and regularly check the Investor Relations portion of our website for business and financial information about the Company. Finally, we are making forward-looking statements during today's call. These forward-looking statements include but are not limited to statements with respect to estimated 2019 guidance and the related assumptions, the impact of various factors on operating and financial results, expected savings and synergies and the opportunity for future growth. Each of the forward-looking statements is based upon current expectations and is subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2018 Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and in the Company's other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
David King: Thank you, Clarissa, and good morning. I'll begin by discussing financial highlights of the first quarter. We are off to a very strong start in 2019 with first quarter revenue of $2.8 billion and adjusted EPS of $2.62. Our results were driven by strong underlying performance and organic revenue growth across both businesses and with the result of solid execution of our three foundational strategies; delivering world-class diagnostics, bringing new medicines to patients faster, and using technology to change the way care is delivered. Our Diagnostics business grew organically during the quarter in both revenue and volume despite additional price reductions due to PAMA and the loss of exclusivity in two of our largest managed care contracts.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Dave. My comments today will focus on the Company's first quarter results, as well as provide an update on our 2019 guidance. I'll conclude with additional commentary on our recently announced transaction with Envigo. Revenue for the quarter was $2.8 billion, a decrease of 2% compared to last year. This decline was due to the impact from divestitures of 1.8% and unfavorable foreign currency translation of 0.9%. Acquisitions added 0.5% of growth, while the organic revenue grew at 0.2%. Excluding the negative impact from PAMA of 90 basis points, organic revenue grew 1.1%. Operating income for the quarter was $318 million or 11.4% of revenue compared to $305 million or 10.7% last year. During the quarter, we had $36 million of restructuring charges and special items primarily related to LaunchPad initiatives and acquisition integration. Adjusted operating income, which excludes amortization of $57 million, as well as restructuring charges and special items, was $411 million or 14.7% of revenue compared to $436 million or 15.3% last year. The decline in adjusted operating income and margin was primarily due to lower pricing as a result of PAMA and higher personnel costs, partially offset by demand and LaunchPad savings. The tax rate for the quarter was 27% compared to 28.6% last year. The adjusted tax rate, excluding special charges and amortization, was 26.3% compared to 22.9% last year. The higher adjusted tax rate was primarily due to the tax impact from stock-based compensation. We continue to expect the Company's adjusted tax rate for the full year to be between 25% and 26%. Net earnings for the quarter were $186 million or $1.86 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS, which exclude amortization, restructuring charges and other special items, were $2.62 in the quarter, down 6% compared to last year. Operating cash flow was $166 million in the quarter compared to $180 million a year ago. The decrease in operating cash flow was primarily due to lower cash earnings, partially offset by favorable working capital. Capital expenditures totaled $94 million or 3.4% of revenue compared to $73 million or 2.5% last year. The increase in capital expenditures was primarily due to investments in facility expansion, technology and automation to support increased demand and optimize margins. As a result, free cash flow was $72 million in the quarter compared to $107 million a year ago. We remained active throughout the quarter in terms of capital allocation. During the quarter, we invested $47 million in acquisitions and repurchased $100 million of stock. As of March 31st, we had $1.25 billion of authorization remaining under our share repurchase program. At quarter end, our cash balance was $349 million down from $427 million at the end of 2018. Total debt at quarter end was $6 billion and our leverage was 3 times gross debt to last 12 months EBITDA. Now I'll review our segment performance beginning with LabCorp Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $1.7 billion, a decrease of 2.7% compared to last year. The decline was due to divestitures of 2.9% and foreign currency translation of approximately 30 basis points. Acquisitions added 0.1% while organic revenue grew 0.4%. Excluding the negative impact from PAMA of 150 basis points, organic revenue increased by 1.9%. Organic volume increased 0.8% over last year and was constrained by managed care contract changes, which negatively impacted volume by approximately 70 basis points. Additionally, volume includes the unfavorable impact of one less revenue day of 1%, partially offset by favorable weather of 0.8%. Revenue per requisition excluding the impact from divestitures decreased by 0.4%. Revenue per requisition was negatively impacted by 150 basis points due to PAMA. Excluding divestitures and PAMA, revenue per requisition increased by 1.1% due to favorable mix. LabCorp Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $310 million or 18% of revenue compared to $364 million or 20.6% last year. The decline in adjusted operating income and margin was primarily due to the negative impact from PAMA of approximately $27 million, divestitures, personnel costs and cyber security expenses, partially offset by LaunchPad savings. In addition, the negative impact of one less revenue day in the quarter along with not having the one-time benefit of the legal settlement realized last year, was partially offset by favorable weather and one less payroll day this quarter. While margins year-over-year are expected to decline throughout the year, primarily due to PAMA, they are expected to decline less each quarter as we benefit from increasing LaunchPad savings throughout the year. We remain on track to deliver $200 million of net savings from the three-year LaunchPad initiative by the end of 2021. Now, I'll review the performance of Covance drug development. Revenue for the quarter was $1.1 billion, a decrease of 0.4% compared to last year due to the impact of unfavorable currency translation of 210 basis points. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by 1.7%, as acquisitions added 1.2% and organic growth contributed 0.5%. As we noted on our fourth quarter earnings call, we expected Covance's first quarter revenue growth rate to be below our full year guidance range primarily due to timing and the negative impact of foreign currency translation. Pass-throughs, which were down in the quarter, negatively impacted organic volume growth. A variety of factors influence pass-throughs including study lifecycle, client preferences, geographic mix and business mix. And excluding pass-throughs, organic revenue growth in the quarter was in line with the Company's full-year guidance range of 5% to 9%. Adjusted operating income for the segment was $138 million or 12.8% of revenue compared to $108 million or 10% last year. The $30 million increase in adjusted operating income and 280 basis point improvement in margins was primarily due to organic demand, LaunchPad savings, acquisitions and currency translation, partially offset by higher personnel costs. While currency translation negatively impacted revenue, earnings and margin benefited slightly during the quarter given the origin of our cost structure relative to our revenue. We remain on track to deliver $150 million of net savings from Covance's three-year LaunchPad initiative by the end of 2020. For the trailing 12 months, net order and net book to bill remained strong at $5.3 billion and 1.24, respectively. Backlog at the end of the quarter was $9.9 billion, an increase of approximately $185 million from last quarter. We expect approximately $3.9 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Now, I'll discuss our 2019 guidance, which assumes foreign exchange rates as of March 31, 2019, for the remainder of the year and includes the impact from capital allocation with free cash flow being used for share repurchases and acquisitions. We expect revenue growth of 0.5% to 2.5% over 2018 revenue of $11.3 billion, unchanged from our prior guidance. This guidance includes the negative impact from 2018 divestitures of 1.2% and the negative impact from currency translation of 50 basis points. We expect LabCorp Diagnostics revenue to be down 2% to 4% as compared to 2018 revenue of $7 billion, unchanged from our prior guidance. This guidance includes the negative impact from 2018 divestitures of approximately 2% and the negative impact from currency translation of 20 basis points. We expect Covance drug development revenue growth of 5% to 9% over 2018 revenue of $4.3 billion, unchanged from our prior guidance. This guidance includes the negative impact of currency translation of approximately 90 basis points, which is 30 basis points unfavorable compared to our prior guidance. Organic revenue growth, excluding pass-throughs, is also expected to be up 5% to 9% over 2018. Our adjusted EPS guidance is $11.05 to $11.45, an increase of 0% to 4% compared to $11.02 in 2018. This is an increase of our prior guidance of $11 to $11.40. Our free cash flow guidance is $950 million to $1.05 billion compared to $926 million last year, unchanged from our prior guidance. Now, I'll provide some additional commentary on our recently announced transaction with the Envigo. As Dave noted, the Envigo transaction is both strategically and financially attractive. In this transaction, we will purchase Envigo's non-clinical contract research service business, while selling them in research models and service business. The transaction's net purchase price of $485 million is comprised of LabCorp paying $595 million in cash and receiving a $110 million in the form of three-year note. The Envigo transaction meets our stated financial criteria, as we expect it to be accretive to earnings and cash flow in year one and to exceed our cost of capital by year three. The Company expects to deliver over $10 million of net cost synergies during the first two years. The transaction, which is expected to close midyear, will be financed through cash on hand and bank debt. This concludes our formal remarks and we will now take questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Lisa Gill: Good morning. Thank you. I plan -- can we just start with Envigo. Is there anything included if you expect it to close mid year -- Is there anything included in the updated guidance for the transaction?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, Lisa. We have in May, obviously the enterprise, but obviously also in Covance's guidance range of total revenue growth of 5% to 9% includes what we expect to be roughly half year's worth of the Envigo's revenues and similarly in the earnings -- EPS guidance range, if you will. The benefits of the accretion is there. As you know, as we've talked about earlier when we first established our guidance that we expected to use the $1 billion at the midpoint of our expected free cash flow guidance to be used for a combination of share repurchases and acquisitions, with no debt looking to be paid down under that scenario. So we have factored in M&A, obviously, in the case of Envigo, we have been working on it well in advance of providing our guidance for the full year when we gave it initially, so the benefit of that was reflected as is our other capital allocation, which included the share repurchases and tuck-ins that we did in the first quarter, as well as still an additional, call it, $350 million plus of additional capital allocation still to be realized through the remainder of the year.
Lisa Gill: Great. And then just as a follow-up. Dave, I didn't hear you talk a lot about PAMA being a big driver to drive consolidation and your closest competitor talked about that on the earnings call last week. Are you seeing that where we're starting to see that play out here in 2019? And as we think about allocating capital, how do you think about potential acquisitions now that PAMA is really being felt by those hospital outreach and other smaller labs?
David King: Yes. Obviously, the impact of PAMA is significant and it's more significant on smaller lab providers than on us. But -- and there is a very robust pipeline, Lisa, of potential acquisitions that we continue to look at. We evaluate every acquisition based on strategic fit and our stated financial criteria. And so, as you saw in the quarter, we mentioned MNG, we mentioned RCRI, we mentioned the investment in OmniSeq, we mentioned Envigo. So we allocate capital where the best strategic fit is and where we see that the best opportunity to meet our stated financial criteria. The only other comment I would make on PAMA, which I think it's important to underline is, PAMA is -- regardless of how you feel about consolidation, PAMA overall is not a good thing for the lab industry or for patients. We know that the largest nursing home lab provider filed for bankruptcy. That's now going to be an unserved population and the impact on smaller labs and even on us in terms of continued cuts, access points and services is not going to be a positive for Medicare beneficiaries. So even as we talk about the potential positives, we also have to remember that there are significant negatives to PAMA beyond just reductions in our price.
Lisa Gill: I appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Your line is now open.
Kevin Caliendo: Great, thank you very much and thanks for the call. On Envigo, just kind of get some details around sort of the cross-sell opportunities there and also any overlap that might exist with existing customers. And if you can also maybe talk a little bit about Envigo's historical growth or expected growth profile and also their margin profile especially compared to Covance's.
John Ratliff: Sure, this is John. And I'll take that. They overlap is minimal in terms of the customer side. They're much more concentrated on the biotech and even though my early development area has great percentage of that as well. If you look at the customer side, not a lot of overlap. We actually look at that as a positive in the sense that they have a level of capacity and we are tight on capacity. So we look at more of the revenue upside. I know you mentioned cross-sell, but at the same time there's cross-selling opportunities, there is also capacity upticks. Their margin is higher than the Covance margins and higher than the early development, because of the way that we did the deal, we did not take on any of the corporate overheads, quote unquote. And so profitability wise, it will be a profitable area for the early development, and Glenn gave you in terms of the revenues for the full year. So obviously gives you a feel for the guidance for our half-year.
Kevin Caliendo: Got it, got it. Great. And just one question, just thinking about the organic growth numbers that you provided on the Diagnostics side. If I backing into it correctly, it looks like about 1.5%. I was little bit surprised that the headwinds from the managed care contracts was only around 70 basis points. If we back into that number, it's smaller than what we had anticipated. Is that how should we think about it between United and Aetna? I guess if we -- I guess my main point here is, if we look at sort of what Quest talked about and sort of what you talked about in terms of this managed care contracts, it would imply that there is some share that's being taken from, not from each other, but from other smaller existing and network Labs. Is that a fair assessment?
David King: Yes. I don't know what Quest talked about and then what we talked about. I agree with you, I think, Glenn gave you the number was a net impact of 70 basis points. We were very pleased with the retention of the United business and our team, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, did an absolutely outstanding job in getting in front of our customers and continuing to demonstrate the value that LabCorp brings to retain that business. We are very pleased with the retention of the Horizon business and our team particularly in the Northeast division again an outstanding job from top to bottom everybody in that division in retaining the business. And the Aetna growth was strong and actually has continued to increase throughout the quarter. So it's hard for me to hypothesize about where the volumes are coming from. But I would say, we are very pleased with where we are and particularly with the fact that we exited the quarter with a situation stable and with the overall broad-based organic growth in areas like women's health, infectious disease, genetics, oncology. So from our perspective, in Diagnostics, just a very strong quarter in terms of demand, which we're pleased about.
Kevin Caliendo: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan: Thanks, good morning. Dave, you mentioned the promise of the preferred lab network. Bit curious, what do you think happens on July 1st versus January 1st and how strong do you think some of the economic incentives are going to be for physicians and patients to choose the preferred lab?
David King: Well, the preferred lab network is initiating obviously in the middle of the year and so the likelihood that there'll be any significant impact in year I think is minimal and we haven't built anything into volumes or guidance that would anticipate a significant impact there. I think as we go through with the managed care selling cycle, this summer and fall and as we see the implementation on January 1st, Jack, lot of it's going to depend on how the preferred lab network is tied into benefit design, what are the out-of-network benefits, what are the benefits for employers of pushing their employees in the preferred lab network, but if benefit design and the preferred lab network are well tied together, in the long-term, it's a significant opportunity for us.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then on the Covance side, just nitpick a little bit. The bookings were a little lighter than what we were looking for. Can you talk about the health of the funding environment, was there anything that maybe got pushed out a little bit and anything notable on the cancellation front?
John Ratliff: This is John, Jack. And so the health of the funding environment still strong, health of biotech environment still strong, no measurable difference in the cancellations, and if you look, I know we ticked down a bit in terms of the 1.26, the 1.24, I said to look at things 80% have full, we do lose a strong comparative last year when you're looking at the last 12 months. In terms of certain bookings did rotate out of the quarter in terms of into the second but that's kind of a normal phenomenon. We look to win more and booking is still very healthy environment and healthy across all of our areas, early development, our labs and the clinical. So still positive about the environment.
Jack Meehan: Great. Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Ross Muken: Good morning, guys. So, just getting back to the Covance business, obviously, both in 4Q and this quarter, you had great margin progression, seems like LaunchPad sort of really building its momentum. I guess, as you think about sort of in this quarter, obviously, a little hard to tease out some of the benefit that probably came from the lower pass-through, but the underlying still feels very good. Where are we in sort of that progress in terms of ramping LaunchPad and then as you think about layering on the infrastructure Envigo where historically these type of transactions in early phase have led to pretty good synergy capture at least being able to leverage the new facility? How are you thinking about that is kind of outside just a mix kind of margin enhancement and how it fits into kind of the LaunchPad plan?
David King: Yes. I think in terms of the LaunchPad, we have an objective of $150 million over the three years. We're well on our way into that. We don't break that out by year, but obviously our margins are off. I know in terms of you mentioned on the lower pass-throughs, I invite you to do the math, even if you had $30 million more in revenue, you'd still be up 250 basis points. If you had $60 million more in revenue, you'd be up 220 basis points, but our mind is that margins are up, we expect margins to be up for the full year; Envigo will wait us up and in terms of profitability and then finally, long term, we're looking to be at peer level margins.
Ross Muken: Helpful. And then just on the lab side, probably for the better, but there really wasn't any comment on sort of DTC genomics or at least anything of consequence. I guess, any updated thoughts there obviously that market has been pretty volatile and we've seen a bit of instability there, but obviously you had forecasted for a decline just in terms of how that fits into sort of where your full year expectation is?
David King: Yes, Ross, it's Dave. There was a slight benefit in the quarter from the direct-to-consumer genomics business. We continue to forecast for the full year, it will be flat to slightly down and so we don't anticipate that there will be a significant benefit to organic growth throughout the year.
Ross Muken: Great, that's helpful. Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. Just a couple of clarifications. First off on Covance; Glenn, you mentioned that the total revenue guide is 5% to 9% -- the organic revenue guide is 5$ to 9%, which would suggest M&A is about 100 bps. I would have thought Envigo be a little bit more than that by itself, and you did some other deals as well. So can you help bridge that for me?
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure. Dan, you're right. You just took the expected or half a year's worth of the Covance 2018 pro forma, Envigo I guess around $80 million of revenues rounded, which would be around 1.9% growth. So the issue that you're having is we're providing a range, so we're going to be benefiting from the M&A that we have done in Covance including Envigo, we're going to benefit in the underlying organic growth of our business and then the headwind, if you will, you have currency as well as some of the pass-through that occurred in the first quarter, but still strong underlying organic growth in the business added by acquisitions and then the headwinds that we talked about.
Dan Leonard: Okay, thank you. And then my follow-up. I'm trying to bridge to the $0.05 increase in EPS guide after you beat by $0.09. Did you pull anything back out of future periods in terms of pacing of share repurchase or anything like that?
Glenn Eisenberg: No. I think it's, Dan, that, as Dave commented in his remarks, we performed well across both businesses. We did better frankly on the managed care side than we expected in the original guidance early that we had. So the reflection of the improvement in our earnings guidance range is really a reflection of that we did well in the first quarter and that our outlook for the remainder of the year remains unchanged.
Dan Leonard: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Erin Wright: Great. On the Covance side, what was the quarterly book to bill trend on an ASC 606 basis and how would you characterize RFP flow and demand trends across both large and small biopharma and just the broader nature of new business wins in the quarter? Thanks.
John Ratliff: The RFP flow was good in all the segments and in terms of kind of a nice record levels in terms of early development, but upticks in clinical, nice strong on RFP flow on the lab side. We're not publishing the quarterly, but if you look 1.26 on the last 12 months, 1.24 in terms of this quarter, you can see that that's in line and that strength was across the different business segments.
Erin Wright: Okay, great. And then on the lab side, how should we be thinking about the quarterly progression of the underlying organic volume trends here, particularly as it relates to United in the roll-off in the 70 basis point impact that you were speaking to as well? Is this more -- it seems to be a more measured rate than your initial internal expectations, if that's correct, and then also, is it -- should we be assuming here that the United preferred lab network and pricing thereon was all contemplated in your previous guidance. Thanks?
David King: Erin, it's Dave. There was no price adjustment in terms of the United preferred lab networks. So the price that we have at United and has negotiated as part of the contract renewal remain the same. There is no further price adjustment. In terms of the progression of organic volume, I don't expect there to be any significant change in that progression. I think that as we said, we came out of the quarter in terms of United and Horizon stable. We actually started again to see some growth at the end of the quarter and Aetna and so I think what you've seen in the first quarter is probably pretty representative of what you'll see during the year.
Erin Wright: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes. Hi, good morning. So Dave, just going back to the trends in the lab side in the quarter, I noted in the past you said that you expect most of the managed care share movement to happen earlier in the year. Your comments on the call suggested that the retention or the share shifts that you're seeing are even more muted than you expected. On the other hand, your competitors said last week on the call today that they anticipate to share move to pick up in the second half. So what gives you kind of that confidence? What are you seeing in the marketplace that would suggest it, we've seen kind of like the most of it or that the changes aren't going to be normalized versus accelerating later in the year?
David King: Yes, good morning, Ricky. As, I said I don't know what our competitors said. I just know what the numbers tell me and what the numbers tell me is we monitor the United, Horizon, Aetna makes sessions every single day all across the country and we see the progression based on where we were last year on a normalized basis to account for seasonality and holidays. What we saw exactly is we projected was that the major drop-off in the contracts that we're opening came in January -- in early January, and then by the time we came out of January to February and March, we were at a very stable run rate. In terms Aetna, we probably started a little more slowly than I would have liked, but that volume progressed over the quarter and we saw a nice increasing trend throughout. So I'm just looking at numbers and trends and that's what gives me confidence for where we are and where I think will be for the balance of the year.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And then just follow-up question on the relationship with Walgreens. I think you said you can be at 125 sites by the end of the year. As you open these sites, are you in conjunction going to close standalone LabCorp drawing centers, and if that's the case, should we think about it as part of the LaunchPad savings or is this kind of like is separate cost saving opportunity that we should think about for later in the year, but also through 2022?
David King: Yes. So we don't think about closing patient service centers as part of opening the Walgreens locations. Again, we look at our patient service center network based on demand, so how many people are showing up based on wait times, based on staffing and I would say that there may be some patient service centers that closed in some areas based on part of our Walgreens strategy is looking at an isolated geographic area and saying you know do we do better when we move volume for standalone PSCs into Walgreens. But as a general proposition, think about this as 125 more access points rather than swapping them out. In terms of cost savings, even if we close all the -- even if the close 125 standalones and move them to Walgreens, there's no cost savings there, it is basically just the cost swap. So that you shouldn't consider cost savings to be part of the equation on either side.
Ricky Goldwasser: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Baxter with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Stephen Baxter: Hi. Thanks for the question. I was hoping to get little more detail on the Envigo transaction. Can you help us understand how the multiple compares to what you paid for Chiltern? We estimated it was pretty comparable and then maybe quantify the accretion expectations and what type of financing assumptions embedded in the commentary. The split between cash and debt would be helpful. And we are estimated the multiple is similar to Chiltern would have probably added at least $0.05 of the guidance. So trying to square the moving parts in the Covance side. Thanks.
Glenn Eisenberg: Hi, Stephen, this is Glenn. Let me take the first cut. Couple of things, one, the market multiple is comparable to deals in the drug development space. Obviously, we provided revenues and we provided obviously the net purchase price on the combined transaction, but John also noted that the business has very strong margins, stronger than or higher than what we have in our early development or our total segment basis from a even earnings multiple standpoint, you would see that came up very much in line. The accretion we would agree as well. We talked about that. This deal meets our financial criteria. So it will be accretive to our earnings this year. It is reflected in the guidance as is all the $1 billion that we said that we would deploy our free cash flow at the midpoint, we expect all that $1 billion to be accretive. So that was obviously already into the guidance that we had already. And the financing of it, I think was the last part of your question, was at this stage, we will use cash on hand and bank debt as we generate obviously the bulk of our free cash flow later in the year. So obviously will have the cash that would enable us to pay down any of the debt that we would use to finance the transaction. In total, the net transaction is $595 million, that will be cash. So $595 million arguably of the free cash flow in addition to, call it, $150-ish million that we did in the first quarter, still leaves some additional free cash flow for the rest of the year for continued capital deployment.
Stephen Baxter: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Thanks. Dave, maybe one for you, just on the hospital referral trends. Obviously, a little bit of noise there late last year, it seemed transitory in nature, but can you just give us an update how 1Q trended on that front and visibility going forward?
David King: Yes. Patrick, I agree with you. I think it was a transitory event that we saw in kind of October, November last year. We actually saw a pickup in December and continued stability throughout the quarter.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay, great. And then maybe just an update on the commercial pricing environment outside of PAMA and the commercial contract shifts. It seems stable just by looking at the margins, but can you just update us on some of the conversations you've had recently on the commercial side outside of those external factors?
David King: Sure. Obviously, the big commercial deals are essentially completed. And I would say, yes, the pricing environment on commercial contracts is generally stable. Again, as we remind our commercial partners demand for reduced pricing are a double-edged sword because although there are price reductions for them, then that's going to roll through into the next data collection for PAMA, which obviously we're in the process of trying to delay, but this is going to roll through into the next data collection. And in the long run, as I mentioned before, more price cuts across the board lead you reduced access for patients and Medicare beneficiaries. So I think we're -- I think the price -- the commercial pricing environment is stable and we're very comfortable with where we are coming out in the contract discussions.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Bill Quirk: Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone. First off, I guess David or John, would you mind elaborating on Dave, you had some comments about the potential next-gen CRO that you mentioned with your Walgreens comments. Just some additional details timing, things like that.
David King: Sure, Bill. This is obviously a topic that we're discussing with Walgreens. I don't want to spend a lot of time on it because it's in the genesis, but the idea is the ability of our two companies to combine prescription data, laboratory data, global data, mobile site locations, particularly their significant overseas network all to facilitate the things that we've talked about in terms of improving trial performance, which is speed, quality and reduce costs. So, conceptionally, this is something that we think that there is substantial opportunity on given our combined global size and scale, but it's early stages in terms of the discussions.
Bill Quirk: Understood. And then just as a follow-up. Your comments about the recent build-out of the medical device capabilities at Covance, what are you seeing at this point to look at capturing some additional share within that net segment of the CRO space? Thanks.
David King: We think we're in good shape based on that. If you look at the end-to-end capability of what we've now put together PMI has preclinical. The Chiltern capabilities has the core of the later stage, you want to call it, device CRO. We added to that RCRI with respect to the regulatory consulting side as well as that core device capability, and then finally, we had an Covance, the legacy Covance, strong therapeutic expertise; cardiovascular, is an example; putting that all together really strengthened our hand and now has that end-to-end capability that is unmatched in the industry.
Bill Quirk: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brian Tanquilut: All my questions were answered . Thank you.
David King: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Larew with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Conference Call Participant: Hi, good morning guys. This is  on for Matt Larew. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask you guys about your in-home strategy in Pixel. What are the key targets that you guys have in mind for this year and how are you measuring success there? Thanks.
David King: Morning, Matt -- Dan, this is Dave . So Pixel is a screening and a wellness tool, and over time, our goal is to expand the test menu and to have the potential with collaborators to reach patients in the home. I think in the long run, it's going to be an important tool especially when you think about, for example, our hospital partners that are at risk, an increase in their houses departments that are taking risk for some sort of the patient population -- some set of the patient population or our health plan partners that have their own managed care plans. And as a result, we are going to be acutely aware of the needs and the conditions of home-bound patients. So again, we're playing the long game with Pixel and with how we reach basis in the home, but we think a very important part of our strategy, which we refer to the opening comments about meeting the patients where they want and where they need to be served.
Unidentified Conference Call Participant: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Donald Hooker with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Donald Hooker: Hi. Great. Good morning. I guess most of my questions have been answered, but just may be...
David King: Hi, Donald ...
Donald Hooker: Hello?
David King: I think you have to dial back in, there is a lot of static on the line, we'll take your question, but you may want to try just disconnecting and dial back in.
Donald Hooker: All right. I will try again. Can you hear me now?
David King: No.
Donald Hooker: All right. I am sorry. I will drop off.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with Craig-Hallum. Your line is now open.
Kevin Ellich: Hi, Dave. Can you hear me, it's Kevin.
David King: Yes. Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Ellich: Thanks. I know the call is long here...
David King: Yes. I want to comment, we are at the top of the hour. We have four -- three people in the queue plus in fairness, we have let Don back if he dials back, so if your question has been answer, please try and keep it short.
Kevin Ellich: So PAMA and again I hopped on late, sorry for that, but could you talk about any indirect impact on Medicaid or floating-rate contracts that seeing from PAMA?
David King: Yes. We said last quarter when we gave the guidance, our estimate for PAMA is all in and it includes the impact of the fee-for-service and managed Medicaid plans as well as whatever impact there is on from Medicare Advantage. So the impact that we have identified in the call out is the all-in impact both in terms of impact on revenue and those -- and the dollar amount.
Kevin Ellich: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Your line is now open.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks, good morning. I think there's some questions around ability to pay commission for sales reps kind of going forward. I know there's been some debate on whether or not that will actually sort of take hold or there being repercussions about that, but they would love just to hear sort of thoughts on that and sort of your comfort level there. Thanks.
David King: Yes. So the changes that were made in the SUPPORT Act last year, we continue to believe were misguided and unintentional on Covance's part as I understand that there were some floor language that was adopted that was aimed at what was perceived to be abusive tactics by some testing related to toxicology and pain management. We have been working with the legislative leadership in the Department of Justice. There has been legislative amendment language submitted to the congressional committees of jurisdiction and is being evaluated by the Department of Justice to make sure that the fix that would address the over-inclusiveness of the language that was at would be acceptable to DOJ as well as to legislator's part. So we continue to be optimistic that we're going to get this resolve, Ralph, and we don't have a good estimate on the timing.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Conference Call Participant: Hi, this is  for Derrick today. Just a couple of quick ones. Thank you for taking the question. So I just want to confirm if last year's organic revenue growth on the CRO side included the pass-through that we talked about? Is that's -- if the growth from CRO benefited from pass-through last year? Just want to get some clarity on what the CRO revenue growth guide looks like including the pass-through. So basically just trying to see if the growth is apples-to-apples in terms of Covance. And then just as a follow-up, I wanted to see if you can give -- provide any color on the EBITDA -- incremental EBITDA from Envigo? Thank you.
Glenn Eisenberg: This is Glenn. I'll take the first cut. The impact of the pass-throughs were included in last year's numbers when we adopted the new accounting, standards ASC 606, we put full retrospective method so that we have it in prior periods for comparative purposes, so they are included. With regard to the EBITDA of Envigo, the only thing we would share with you at this time is that, again, we expect to close kind of mid-year in that the adjusted operating income and margins but would also claim the EBITDA will be greater than the margins of the segment. So to give you some perspective the are pretty attractive margins and obviously upon closure, you'll start to see the benefit of that margin as John alluded to earlier reflected in the segment margins.
Unidentified Conference Call Participant: Sorry. And then just one follow-up
David King: No, no, no, no, no. You asked one. I'm sorry, but we're past the time.
Unidentified Conference Call Participant: All right. Great, thank you.
David King: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions in the queue at this time. I would now like to turn the call back to Dave King for any further remarks.
David King: Thank you very much. We appreciate your joining us for the call this morning. I want to reemphasize how proud I am of the effort on both of our businesses this quarter, and in a challenging environment. I'm pleased and extremely proud of the performance of our 61,000 people around the world. So thank you very much and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the LabCorp Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Scott Frommer, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Scott Frommer: Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Fourth Quarter 2018 Conference Call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and John Ratliff, CEO of Covance Drug Development. In addition to our press release, we also furnished Form 8-K this morning that includes additional financial information. Both are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com and include a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. Finally, we are making forward-looking statements during today's call. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to 2019 guidance and the related assumptions, the impact of various factors on operating and financial results and the opportunities for future growth. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2017 Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and in the company's other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
David King: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. As we enter our 50th year, we have transformed from a local laboratory operating from a hospital basement to a leading global life sciences company that is deeply integrated in guiding patient care. We are focused on our three foundational goals: delivering world-class diagnostics, bringing new medicines to patients faster and using technology to change the way care is delivered. We achieved these goals through the power of the LabCorp enterprise, combining our scale, breadth of services, integration of capabilities and data and patients' interest and need to deliver innovation, quality, efficiency and service. We closed out 2018 by delivering another year of strong profitable growth, driven by revenue of over $11 billion and adjusted EPS of over $11 per share, increases of 10% and 20%, respectively. We also generated free cash flow adjusted for a onetime tax payment of over $1 billion as well as over $650 million in proceeds from business divestitures. We returned $700 million of that amount to shareholders through repurchases and paid down $695 million of debt to bring us within our targeted leverage range of 2.5 to 3x EBITDA. Our quarter was highlighted by another strong performance in our Covance Drug Development business, which benefited from our unique data and analytics solutions, a strong sale performance and our Covance LaunchPad cost initiative. Covance reported constant-currency organic revenue growth of over 9%, margin improvement of almost 300 basis points and book-to-bill of 1.34 under ASC 606. For comparison to other CROs, our book-to-bill under the prior revenue recognition accounting standard would have been 1.46. Our customers consistently tell us that they value quality and speed in their trials. We continue to deliver that quality and speed through innovative solutions, capitalizing on the integration with LabCorp Diagnostics. In this regard, a recent independent sell-side survey of R&D professionals found that large pharma sponsors believe that of all major CROs, Covance's data strategy is most likely to speed patient recruitment. The same survey recognized Covance's leadership in important CRO attributes, including depth of services, quality and specific therapeutic expertise. Covance is the only CRO to combine early development, central lab and clinical services in an end-to-end offering. And the proof of our success is that we supported 93% of FDA-approved new drugs in 2018, including 94% of approved orphan drugs and 88% of approved biologics. In Diagnostics, the fourth quarter was burdened with a number of nonoperational items causing a 400 basis point decline in our reported operating margin of 16.5%. Excluding these nonoperational items, adjusted operating margin would have been 18.5%, which demonstrates that the underlying core business is stable and the cash flow and margin characteristics of our business remain strong. In fact, we delivered solid organic volume growth of 1.8% for the full year. We are also off to a strong start in 2019 on multiple fronts. First, our sales force and leadership are actively engaged with providers regarding the changes in key managed care laboratory provider networks. We note that January volume related to the contract changes was consistent with our expectations. To be clear, we are making this comment because of market concern around the impact of the contract changes, and we will continue our policy of not commenting about intra-quarter performance. Second, referral volumes from hospitals and health systems have increased since November. We are in discussions regarding a number of attractive potential hospital partnerships. And the financial benefits and positive impact on patient care produced by our ability to integrate health systems and physicians into clinical trials helps differentiate us in competitive solutions. Third, although we continue to see judicial and legislative relief on the second round of PAMA price reductions, there is increasing industry-wide awareness about PAMA's true impact. This presents us with a number of attractive tuck-in lab acquisition opportunities, which typically deliver significant synergies and high return on invested capital. Finally, we provide additional detail on Phase II of our LaunchPad initiative in Diagnostics this morning, which will deliver $200 million of savings within 3 years. This initiative focuses on eliminating manual processes; digitizing the business; using technology to improve quality, operations and service; enhancing the consumer experience; and bringing our services closer to the customer. Phase II of LaunchPad will streamline our business, unlock new avenues for growth and contribute to improvement in our long-term margins. For 2019, despite known headwinds facing our Diagnostics business, we expect modest growth in total company revenue and adjusted EPS. We continue to have high confidence in our business fundamentals as we expect another year of approximately $1 billion in free cash flow. Our outlook is driven by strong anticipated performance in Drug Development and capital deployment, including share repurchases and financially sound acquisitions as we continue to create long-term shareholder value. I'll now discuss our integrated platform, which provides us with competitive advantages in data and analytics, patient engagement, scientific innovation and therapeutic expertise that we convert into net orders, profitable growth and shareholder value creation. We have invested significantly in Covance over the last 4 years, adding exceptional talent including over 35 key executives, therapeutic expertise, global scale in the clinical business through organic growth as well as the Chiltern and Sciformix acquisitions and capacity around the world for growth in all 3 lines of business. These investments, as well as over $60 million to be invested in 2019 for global facility expansion, have put Covance on a strong growth trajectory, as reflected in our 2018 performance and our 2019 guidance. Yet just as important as the financial investment is the integration of capabilities and data streams from the 2 businesses to create a truly differentiated end-to-end offering that no competitor can replicate. During the quarter, the value of our combined analytics and data capabilities continued to translate into awards, supporting our strong book-to-bill and backlog of nearly $10 billion. We recently launched our data-as-a-differentiator initiative, highlighting Covance clinical development's recruitment performance. Based on an analysis of trials conducted over the last 5 years, we increased speed in patient recruitment relative to the rest of the market by almost 9 months in muscle and skeletal disorders, 5 months in neurology indications and 4 months in oncology. These findings are meaningful to patients as they deliver on our promise to bring cutting-edge medications to market faster and to biopharma sponsors as they translate into financial benefits. For example, a top 20 pharma customer recently awarded us a Phase III multiple sclerosis trial, a new therapeutic area in that partnership, in a competitive bid process. We utilized our combined data sets and our deep therapeutic expertise to demonstrate trial design and execution insights at the site and country level. The sponsor also highlighted patient engagement tools, recruitment and retention capabilities among its reasons for selecting Covance. The value of end-to-end data is also apparent in the migration of 22 projects in 2018 from early development into clinical services. Sponsors increasingly see the data generated in our early-phase development solutions as foundational to the ensuing trial and elect to stay with Covance due to our end-to-end capabilities. During the quarter, we continued to draw critical drug-development insights from direct engagement and survey work with our diagnostics patients. This unique engagement is powered by the patients' trusted relationship with our diagnostic business. Engaging directly with potential trial candidates and incorporating the data into trial design is an area where we uniquely bring value to sponsors. For instance, through patient engagement, we recently demonstrated to a biotech sponsor focused on rare diseases that patients would consider halting their current treatment regimen to enroll in a double-blind placebo-controlled study. This finding helped convince top investigators to participate in the sponsor's trial. The combination of our leading Diagnostics and Drug Development businesses provides many such insights that enhance quality, speed and the likelihood of trial success. We are also executing unique trial virtualization strategies beyond what our competitors are able to offer. One significant challenge sponsors face in patient recruitment is reluctance to enroll in trials due to the burden of participation. Our solution increases convenience for patients and significantly lowers their travel burden by using our network of nearly 1,800 LabCorp patient service centers to perform basic safety assessment without the need for a visit to the physician's office. We conducted successful studies using approximately 60 PSCs and approximately 500 subjects, causing the sponsor to ramp up a nationwide program in 2019. This is an enterprise solution combining convenient sample collection through the PSC network, testing performed in Covance central laboratory services and scheduling services provided by our Covance market access call centers and could not be accomplished by either business alone. The LabCorp of the future will have more opportunities for patient-centered innovation by expanding into new channels. Our LabCorp-Walgreens partnership continues to make solid progress, with plans to open 125 locations by the end of 2019 and at least 600 locations over the next 4 years. Our collaboration goes beyond shifting patient service centers into convenient locations. It provides us with a new channel to the consumer market. Indeed, consumers have commented in real-time surveys that they chose our Walgreens PSCs because they want their blood drawn in a health care setting. The Walgreens locations allow us to become a more essential part of how the consumer thinks about health. And we intend to capitalize on the opportunity by integrating patients' prescription and laboratory data and jointly offering health-focused services through this channel, including wellness screening, medication therapy management and direct patient recruitment. Our integrated solutions transcend a pure-play lab or CRO offering and are increasingly part of the value proposition to a wide range of customers. Hospitals and health systems that are preparing for the transition to value-based care view access to and participation in medical research and clinical trials as an appealing business opportunity. This is the key differentiator, and we continue to progress with our preferred site partnership strategy, significantly exceeding our goal for master service agreements, driving improved patient recruitment from our partner sites and helping them increase the speed of study start-up activities. Providers, biopharma sponsors and payers also value our scientific innovation. Our companion diagnostics offering had another outstanding year in 2018, delivering $200 million of enterprise revenue and over $300 million in drug development orders, plus the benefit of market leadership for Diagnostics by commercializing the gold standard companion diagnostic test. As we enter our 50th year, we have built an integrated life sciences company supported by two storied businesses. We see great opportunities for our powerful combination in the years ahead. We are excited with the immediate growth opportunities in Covance, the renewed growth in Diagnostics after the impact of the managed care contract changes, the power of our combination in increasing consumer engagement, generating insights for customers from consumer data and survey work, the value add of LabCorp capabilities to Covance sponsors and Covance trial opportunities for LabCorp customers and the tremendous growth opportunity ahead as we increasingly globalize both businesses. We deliver a unique value proposition to customers and shareholders. And the continued power of our integrated offerings positions us to grow and thrive in the rapidly evolving health care environment. Although we face several unusual challenges in 2019, the strength and breadth of our platform provides stability and a positive outlook. We remain committed to driving growth in 2020 and beyond, to maximizing long-term value creation and to continuing to enable our 60,000 colleagues around the world to do what they do best: deliver on our patient-centric mission to improve health and improve lives. Now I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Dave. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our fourth quarter results, followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with our 2019 guidance. As a reminder, on January 1, 2018, we adopted ASC 606 using the full retrospective method, meaning that we restated our 2017 financial results to better enable evaluation of our 2018 performance. In the press release, our prepared remarks and the Q&A session that follow, all references to our 2017 results are to the restated numbers unless we specifically note otherwise. Revenue for the quarter was $2.8 billion, an increase of 1.6% over last year, with organic growth of 2.9% and acquisitions contributing 0.7%. This was partially offset by divestitures of 1.6% and unfavorable foreign currency translation of 40 basis points. Operating income for the quarter was $308 million or 11% of revenue compared to $331 million or 12% last year. During the quarter, we had $31 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily related to LaunchPad initiatives and acquisition integration. Adjusted operating income, which excludes amortization of $56 million as well as restructuring charges and special items, was $395 million or 14.2% of revenue compared to $433 million or 15.8% last year. The $38 million reduction in adjusted operating income and 160 basis point decline in margin were primarily due to lower pricing as a result of the implementation of PAMA, divestitures and higher personnel costs, partially offset by increased demand, mix, LaunchPad savings and acquisitions. The tax rate for the quarter was 26.2%. During the quarter, we reported $8 million in deferred income taxes due to the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities related to the acquisition integration of Chiltern. Excluding onetime tax reform-related adjustments, other special charges and amortization, the adjusted tax rate was 24.7% in the quarter, down from 34.5% last year. This lower tax rate was primarily due to the benefit from tax reform in the U.S. We expect the company's adjusted tax rate for the full year 2019 to be between 25% and 26% compared to 24.3% for the full year 2018, with the increase primarily due to state tax reform and the projected mix of earnings. Net earnings for the quarter were $158 million or $1.56 per diluted share. Net earnings were reduced by $22 million or $0.21 per diluted share due to a loss on the divestiture of our U.S. forensics lab testing business, a noncash settlement charge on one of our pension plans and a write-off on an investment in our venture fund. Adjusted EPS, which exclude these losses, amortization, restructuring charges and special items, were $2.52 in the quarter, up 11% over last year. Adjusted earnings in the quarter were negatively impacted by approximately $0.04 per diluted share due to lower volume caused by unfavorable weather. Operating cash flow was $486 million in the quarter, which included the net tax payment of approximately $105 million related to divestitures. Excluding this onetime tax payment, operating cash flow would have been $591 million compared to $565 million a year ago. This $26 million increase was due to higher cash earnings, partially offset by increased working capital to support top line growth. Capital expenditures totaled $122 million or 4.4% of revenue compared to $96 million or 3.5% last year. As a result, in the quarter, free cash flow was $364 million or $469 million excluding the onetime tax payment compared to $469 million last year. We remained active throughout the quarter in terms of capital allocation. At quarter end, our cash balance was $427 million, down from $893 million at the end of the third quarter. Utilizing free cash flow during the quarter and excess cash, we repurchased $400 million of stock, paid down $400 million of debt and invested $39 million in acquisitions. On February 6, the board replaced the company's existing share repurchase plan with a new plan authorizing repurchase of up to $1.25 billion of stock, demonstrating our continued commitment to returning capital to shareholders. Total debt at quarter end was $6.1 billion, and our leverage was 3x gross debt to last 12 months EBITDA, which is at the upper end of our 2.5 to 3x leverage target. As we committed at the time we acquired Covance in 2015, we would delever back to our targeted leverage ratio, which we had accomplished while still repurchasing over $1 billion of our shares during this time frame. Given the strength of our balance sheet as well as no mandatory debt maturing in 2019, we expect to use all of our free cash flow this year for share repurchases and acquisitions. Throughout the year, we remain focused on portfolio optimization via the divestiture of noncore assets. Transactions included the sale of our Food Solutions business for $655 million and 2 small forensic testing businesses. Now I'll review our segment performance, beginning with LabCorp Diagnostics. During the quarter, our Diagnostics business was negatively impacted by several nonoperational items. These items include divestitures, implementation of PAMA, adverse weather, the year-over-year impact from the calendar due to fewer revenue days and 1 extra payroll day and foreign currency translation. I'll refer to these collectively as nonoperational items. Now I'll discuss our Diagnostics operating performance as well as the impact of the nonoperational items, which better portrays the underlying strength of our business. Revenue for the quarter was $1.7 billion, a decrease of 2.8% to last year. This volume was due to the negative impact from divestitures of 2.6% and foreign currency translation of approximately 0.2%. Organic revenue on a constant currency basis was negative 0.4%, which was offset by the benefit from acquisitions of 0.4%. During the quarter, the negative impacts from PAMA was 100 basis points, the calendar was 80 basis points, and adverse weather was 40 basis points. Excluding the nonoperational items, organic revenue for the quarter increased by approximately 1.8%. Revenue per requisition excluding the impact from divestitures decreased by 40 basis points, driven by the impact from PAMA of 100 basis points, partially offset by test mix. Excluding the impact from divestitures, total volume increased 30 basis points as acquisition volume contributed 40 basis points and organic volume declined by 10 basis points. Excluding the nonoperational items, organic volume increased by approximately 1.1%. LabCorp Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $279 million or 16.5% of revenue compared to $357 million or 20.5% last year. The decline in operating income and margin was primarily due to the impact from PAMA of approximately $18 million or 80 basis points, the year-on-year impact from the calendar of approximately $20 million or 100 basis points, adverse weather, divestitures and higher personnel costs, partially offset by acquisitions and cost reductions. Excluding the nonoperational items, adjusted operating income and margin were approximately $329 million and 18.5%, respectively. As Dave noted, we expect the LaunchPad II initiative to deliver approximately $200 million of net savings over the next 3 years while incurring approximately $40 million in onetime implementation costs. We expect roughly 1/3 of the total savings to be realized in each year. Now I'll review the performance of Covance Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $1.1 billion, an increase of 9.6% over last year due to organic growth of 9.3% and acquisitions of 1.2%, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation of 90 basis points. Adjusted operating income for the segment was $154 million or 14% of revenue compared to $111 million or 11.1% last year. The $43 million increase in operating income and 290 basis point improvement in margins were primarily due to organic demand, LaunchPad savings and acquisitions, partially offset by higher personnel costs. We remain on track to deliver $150 million in net savings from Covance's 3-year LaunchPad initiative by the end of 2020 and $30 million of cost synergies from the integration of Chiltern by the end of 2019. Net orders during the quarter were $1.5 billion, up 14% from last year, contributing to a net book-to-bill for the quarter of 1.34. For the trailing 12 months, net orders and net book-to-bill remain strong at $5.4 billion and 1.26, respectively. Backlog at the end of the quarter was $9.8 billion, an increase of approximately $360 million from last quarter. We expect approximately $3.9 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Now I'll discuss our 2019 guidance, which assumes foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2018, for the entire year and the impact from currently anticipated capital allocation, with free cash flow being used for share repurchases and acquisitions. We expect revenue growth of 0.5% to 2.5% over 2018 revenue of $11.3 billion, which includes the negative impacts of 1% from divestiture and 0.4% from currency translation. We expect the change in LabCorp Diagnostics revenue of negative 4% to negative 2% as compared to 2018 revenue of $7 billion, inclusive of foreign currency translation of approximately negative 30 basis points. This guidance includes the negative impact of approximately 2% from divestitures in 2018. Excluding divestitures, the change in revenue in LabCorp Diagnostics is expected to be down 2% to flat, primarily due to the impact from PAMA. We have assumed that PAMA will reduce our Diagnostics revenue by approximately 1.6% in 2019 consisting of lower direct Medicare reimbursement of approximately $85 million and the indirect impact on other reimbursement, primarily Medicaid-related plans of approximately $30 million. In addition, we expect organic volume to be flat to slightly down year-over-year due to the onetime impact from changes in certain managed care contracts and networks. Independent of divestitures, PAMA and managed care dynamics, we expect another year of good organic volume growth, favorable mix and contributions from acquisitions. We expect Covance Drug Development revenue growth of 5% to 9% over 2018 revenue of $4.3 billion, which includes the negative impact of approximately 60 basis points of currency translation. We expect Covance's first quarter revenue growth rate to be below its full year guidance range, primarily due to timing and the negative impact of foreign currency translation. Our adjusted EPS guidance is $11 to $11.40, a change of 0% to 3% compared to $11.02 in 2018. We expect modest growth in adjusted EPS to be driven by Covance, LaunchPad across the enterprise and capital deployment, partially offset by our Diagnostics business due to the impact from PAMA and changes in managed care contracts. Our guidance assumes that the all-in impact from PAMA reduces EPS by approximately $0.85 per diluted share. In addition, our guidance reflects the year-on-year increase in cybersecurity expenditures of approximately $25 million or $0.18 per diluted share. While we do not provide quarterly guidance, we expect adjusted EPS in the first quarter of 2019 to be comparable to adjusted EPS in the fourth quarter of 2018. This implies a lower percentage of total year adjusted EPS in the first quarter than we have reported in prior years, primarily due to the timing of Covance revenue growth, the ramp-up of LaunchPad savings during the year, the impact from acquisitions and divestitures as well as the impact from the calendar. Our free cash flow guidance is $950 million to $1.05 billion compared to $926 million last year. In 2019, we expect capital expenditures of approximately 4% of revenue, driven by investments in facilities, technology and automation to support growth. Now before we take questions, I'd like to announce a transition in Investor Relations. Scott Frommer has done an outstanding job leading our Investor Relations efforts over the past several years. Scott will now be taking on a financial leadership role within our Diagnostics business. I am pleased to announce that Clarissa Willett will now take over the leadership of Investor Relations. Clarissa has been in the financial leadership role in our Diagnostics business and has over 21 years of health care experience. Prior to joining LabCorp, Clarissa was the CFO of PAML, which we acquired in 2017. This concludes our formal remarks, and now we will take questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question is from Ross Muken from Evercore ISI.
Ross Muken: Congrats, Scott. So I guess maybe starting on Covance. I mean, obviously, a fantastic quarter across the board. Dave, thanks for the color. I guess as you think about the RFP environment and just sort of new business and how that's trending, given some of the biotech volatility, how are you thinking about sort of the overall landscape as you enter into 2019? And then from a share perspective and to the point you made, Dave, in terms of your IT efforts starting to resonate in terms of patient recruitment, et cetera, do you feel like on the booking side, we'll see even more evidence over the balance of '19 of sort of some share gains potentially at late-phase part of the business?
John Ratliff: This is John. I think the RFP business is strong across the board, whether that's in early development, whether that's in the labs and whether that's in the late stage. So if you look at the pipelines, seeing strength, the biotech side as well as even on pharma side. And I do believe that the data side, the solutions side of LabCorp Covance is leading to gains in bookings and allowing us to win. Very proud of the 1.34 book-to-bill on the fourth quarter on a 606 basis and the 1.46 on the 605 kind of compared to the other CROs and how they report. So I do think that that's helping us win at the end of the day and, as Dave stated, helps on the entire site selection piece and solution side of our business.
Ross Muken: That's helpful. And maybe just quickly, from a capital allocation perspective, obviously, you took up the buyback. You still have some ammunition if you wanted to do obviously M&A on either side of the business. I guess given sort of where the stock got to and valuation in general on your equity, I guess how are you thinking about sort of the trade-off of what your own sort of yield provides and return versus kind of what you're seeing maybe on the M&A side of things?
David King: Yes. Ross, it's Dave. So we've been very disciplined acquirers, and we will continue to be disciplined acquirers. We look at every potential acquisition based on our strategic criteria and our financial criteria. We did a couple of tuck-in lab deals last year, and we did the Sciformix deal, which was a very important complement to the Covance market access business. So we're going to continue to look at attractive opportunities but, again, in a disciplined way and recognizing that, in our view, with the stock undervalued, that we get a very high return from deploying capital toward share repurchase.
Operator: Our next question is from Jack Meehan from Barclays.
Jack Meehan: Dave, I was hoping you could provide an update on what you're seeing in terms of hospital referral trends. That was the one variable we had the least visibility on when you were guiding in November. So has that improved at all? And do you have any new visibility into what market dynamics were going on?
David King: So a couple of things on the hospital referrals. We did see, as we stated when we revised the guidance, a falloff in the beginning part of 4Q. I'm pleased to report that we saw improvement in December, and for the quarter, the referral business stabilized and started to grow again. And built into our guidance is that, that business is going to be consistent through the year. I'd also just like to highlight, for a variety of, I think, market dynamics, health systems are increasingly looking at ways to partner. And we have a number of ongoing and, I think, interesting partnership discussions that we hope will ultimately turn out to be productive. Again, the combination of LabCorp's capabilities, breadth of test menu and quality of service, with the Covance piece of trial recruitment, trial enrollment and the site partnership strategy, really is an attractive differentiator when we speak to these health systems.
Jack Meehan: Great. Looking forward to those updates. And then, Glenn, just one on the PAMA commentary for 2019. So the 39 related to other contracts, what's the assumption there? Is it basically that -- do you think all Medicaid fee schedules follow the Medicare fee schedule? What's going on in terms of floating-rate contracts? Just any commentary on why the PAMA impact will -- figure would be helpful.
David King: Yes. Jack, it's Dave again. So as we've said all along, the market survey that was done to support the PAMA cuts was fundamentally flawed. And so the rate reductions that were imposed on us by -- for fee-for-service Medicare were far in excess of what would have been required to bring the payment rates to market. The knock-on effect of that, which is the approximately $2 million that we called out -- that Glenn called out in his prepared comments is basically Medicaid plans, both fee-for-service and managed Medicaid, reducing their rates consistent with the Medicare reductions. This was not anticipated as part of the PAMA statute. It was not contained within the statutory language, which specifically applied to Medicare. But it has exacerbated the impact of PAMA obviously both this year, that is '18, and next year, '19. And so the straight Medicare fee-for-service cut is about the 10% that we had projected. And Glenn gave you that number in the prepared comments. But the knock-on effect is almost entirely the Medicaid plans following suit in terms of administratively reducing rates. These are not negotiated rate decreases.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Caliendo from UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: Would love to get a little bit of an update on pricing outside of Medicaid and PAMA and if you've seen any impact or you expect to see any impact in 2019 from the PAMA cuts if there's any contagion into your other managed care pricing and the like.
David King: It's Dave. I don't believe that the PAMA cuts directly other than the $30 million that I just mentioned related to the Medicaid plans have bled over into the managed care negotiations. Most of the managed care payers begin a contract negotiation by asking for reductions. But to my knowledge and speaking with the team, there's no -- none of this is referenced, because of PAMA, X should happen. And we've been pleased with the pricing on the managed care renewals. We did just conclude the renewal of the Humana contract, the extension and renewal of the Humana contract. So basically, all of the big contracts are off the table for the foreseeable future. And we're pleased about having some certainty in how managed care is going to shape up over the next couple of years.
Kevin Caliendo: One follow-up, well, not on the pricing but on Covance, the margin increase was pretty material, much higher than we had expected. Is there anything in that margin number that we should expect would not be recurring? Is this sort of the run rate? Is there anything in that as we sort of think about Covance going forward?
John Ratliff: Well, you always see, as Glenn stated, a bit of seasonality fourth to first, as well as you'll have on the revenue side the foreign currency headwind against you. But in terms of the strength of fourth quarter, it was built on the LaunchPad actions, it was built on strong backlog, it was built on organic growth. We will see margin increases where projected, see margin increases in terms of full year 2019, and you'll see year-on-year improvement. But you will see 14% sequentially pull down for those reasons as well as just where the revenue feathers in based on where the backlog plays out in the mix of the businesses.
Operator: Our next question is from Lisa Gill from JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill: First, Scott, I've really enjoyed working with you, and I wish you the best in your new role. Second, the comment around organic growth outside of the shift and the managed care changes. Dave, can you just give us a little color as to what you're seeing? Is that going back to your earlier comments around health system partnerships? Is it expectations around utilization? If you can just give us a little more color as to what your expectations are on that organic side, would be my first question.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Lisa, this is Glenn. I'll start, and Dave may provide some color. When you look at the guidance that we've given, we did talk about organic volume for '19 to be flat to slightly down. But as you commented on, the rationale for that is that the impact of the managed care contracts was going to be a net negative on organic volume. And if you think about, historically, we've been roughly a 1% to 2% kind of organic volume growth, and we really don't see that changing with the expectation of -- or with the exception of the -- just with the changes from the managed care side.
David King: Yes. Lisa, it's Dave. I would say, obviously, we've said this many times, when you look at the size of United compared to the size of Aetna, we're going to end up from a volume perspective on the negative side of the equation. And obviously, putting Horizon into that and some projected losses in Horizon make that even more apparent. However, as Glenn said, our business grows rough. And it grows because of the demographics. It grows because of the aging population. It grows because of new tests coming to market. It grows because of share shifts and share gains within the market. And so we feel very confident that there will be organic growth next year as there was this year, 1.8% for the full year of '18. We feel confident there will be organic growth in '19. It will just be muted by the net impact of the managed care shifts.
Lisa Gill: And then just as a follow-up. You gave an update on Walgreens. I think you said 125 stores, still with the goal of 600 stores over 4 years. Dave, any incremental color you can give us as to how those 125 stores have performed versus, one, your expectation? And two, are you seeing volumes kind of consistent with patient service centers? Are you seeing better volumes? Just any color around that would be helpful.
David King: Yes. Just to be clear, the 125 will be by the end of the -- of '19. But what I can say on -- we opened a number of new patient service centers in California inside Walgreens. We track the daily and weekly volumes. They have been consistent and growing, and the Net Promoter Scores and customer satisfaction rates -- we take immediate real-time surveys from patients either from the kiosk or through their mobile devices, have been very favorable. So in terms of volumes from other patient service centers, when we actually relocate a patient service center into a Walgreens, what we typically see is quite comparable volume. When we add -- or even better volume. When we add a Walgreens to complement an existing patient service center, we, of course, would typically see lower volumes at the beginning.
Operator: Our next question is from Erin Wright from Crdit Suisse.
Erin Wright: Across the Covance business, could you comment on the traction you're seeing in the types of trials, whether it be FSP or full service and the mix of large pharma versus some of the biotech customers and where sort of the data offering resonating better and how should we think about backlog conversion trends as well as the profit profile thereon?
John Ratliff: This is John. It is still a mix of the FSP versus programmatic. There are companies that have embraced the FSP. I think we're stronger now in our capabilities there based on the Chiltern acquisition and adding into our monitoring FSP strength, the biometric FSP strength. But that mix of programmatic and FSP hasn't swung. I think that our capabilities have gotten much better in regard to that. In terms of the biotech versus large pharma, obviously, if you look out there in terms of research, the majority of the molecule developments in the biotech, it was a healthy environment in terms of VC side and funding side. And in terms of strength of the pipeline, the strength is in both sides in terms of the biotech and the large pharma. And there's been no increase in cancellations across that. Right now, you have to say the RFP volume is pretty robust in that area. And then as to the data as the differentiator and that for patient recruitment and site selection, that plays into the total solution for the company. It's also -- as I've said on these calls, it is data. It is about strategy protocol optimization. That is also on the team that you put in front. Those are all equal weightings. I would say that data as a differentiator resonates in both environments, whether that's on the large or the mid-tier small. And so there really is no delineation there between the two. It's pronounced in all areas as well as what Dave talked about. Showing the data, reducing time lines in the actual trials is across all the therapeutic areas, and demonstration of that is in biotechs as well as large.
Erin Wright: Great, that's really helpful. And then switching to the managed care contracts. Has there been any sort of surprises in the early days with the -- how that business is rolling out as well as the offsets of other contract shifts? And anecdotally, how should we think about the quarterly progression of those contract changes over the course of 2019?
David King: It's Dave. There have not been any surprises in the way that it's rolled out. As I said throughout the fourth quarter, our expectation was there would be -- the losses would be relatively early. And as I commented -- and again, I want to make clear, we commented only because of heightened market concern about the contract changes, and we're not going to start a policy of commenting about performance within the quarter. But with that caveat, as I commented, January volumes were basically -- for those contracts were basically riding expectations. So we're pleased actually with our performance in January with respect to those contracts as well as with our -- the accuracy to this point of our estimates.
Operator: Our next question is from Patrick Donnelly from Goldman Sachs.
Patrick Donnelly: Appreciate the color on the Covance margins. Maybe just on the other side, the LCD margins. Given the pricing dynamics, the managed care shift away from you guys, can you just talk through kind of the go-forward perspective there? What causing the shifts you could be most aggressive on? Just trying to think through the levers in 2019 as the offset on the margins.
David King: Yes. Patrick, it's Dave. So one thing that I think -- I mean, we've talked about LaunchPad. That will certainly be part of the 2019 plan. And that will involve some substantial cost reductions. Just looking at $200 million over 3 years, obviously, the math is pretty straightforward. I just would like to comment separately from that. We did in the fourth quarter, as we talked about when we revised the guidance, have the experience of having staffed up pretty heavily for what we expected to be a very strong seasonal trend in the consumer genetics business, which, as we said, did not materialize. And so we started taking those cost reduction actions in the fourth quarter. But by the time we were fully aware of the trend, it was late enough in the quarter that you can actually see the impact of most of those actions in the first quarter of '19. So there are a variety of levers, from personnel to facilities to all the things I've talked about in the prepared comments on LaunchPad, that I think will affect margin performance in '19. Having said that, as we have repeatedly said, we do expect Diagnostics margins to be down in 2019 because of the combination of PAMA and the managed care changes, but we do not expect them to be down as much as they were down in 2018. So we expect the margin performance to be better in 2019 in terms of the relative decline.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. The only thing to -- Patrick, I'd add to that is just there were also some unusual items that negatively impacted the Diagnostics margin year-on-year in '18 versus '17 that we've talked about earlier, from the business disruption that we had, the unfavorable weather obviously that we would not forecast for the business in the future, the fact that we had an extra payroll day and also the impact of the divestitures of our forensics business. All 4 of those that were, call it, a negative impact on margins within Diagnostics in 2018 will not be in 2019. So again, to Dave's point, we'll still see the margins decline because of the incremental impact of PAMA and the managed care but offset by LaunchPad, offset by not having these recurring items as well as we do believe favorable mix and the potential for tuck-in acquisitions as well.
Patrick Donnelly: That's helpful. Appreciate it. And then you touched on the consumer genetics business. 23andMe had been a nice growth driver for this quarter. The other kind of biggest genetics player called out a shortfall in consumer genetics testing in general this quarter as well, so it seems to be kind of that industry slowing down a bit. Can you just help us think about the go-forward view there, what type of growth you're baking in, what the potential surprise could be on the upside?
David King: Yes. Obviously, what we have to go on is projections we receive from our customers, but our plan contemplates 23andMe basically being relatively flat year-on-year. So the potential is that they do better, but we feel comfortable with what we've mapped into the -- into our budget.
Operator: Our next question is from Ralph Giacobbe from Citigroup.
Ralph Giacobbe: The GAO's out with a report on sort of a PAMA loophole, if you will, and kind of like Grassley recently sent out a letter around that as well. Dave, I was hoping maybe to just get your take on it in terms of -- I know the overpayment numbers seem pretty outsized versus likely reality. But just wanted to get your take first, I guess, just operationally, whether you think that has and is being sort of influencing the hospital outreach and the physician office labs in terms of what they're doing from a business perspective and maybe even pushing out sales process in terms of tuck-in M&A and then if you expect that to change in 2019 and then some of the other characteristics of that report that Grassley sort of latched on to.
David King: Yes. Thanks, Ralph. So I would start by saying that report was really quite unfortunately erroneous on multiple dimensions. So what -- if we go back to pre-PAMA, CMS -- there are automated chemistry panels that are defined by CMS that have a certain number of chemistry components. Let's just make up that you order an automated chemistry panel that has 8 components, and it bundles to a particular CPT code and price. Pre the change for PAMA, if you were 6 chemistries or 7 chemistries, that is short of the total in the panel, CMS would use bundling logic to bundle those together and pay you with the panel rate. So you actually were paid less for 6 chemistries than you would have been paid initially. That was a CMS -- that was CMS bundling logic. When PAMA was passed and went to market-based reimbursement, the market did not use that sort of bundling logic. And so what happened is PAMA -- sorry, CMS no longer bundled those panels because that is what the market does, and PAMA was supposed to be a market rate of payment. So there is no loophole. There is no labs doing anything nefarious. This is exactly what the statute told CMS to do. And the labs, and we submitted data to Sen. Grassley's office -- ACLA did, demonstrating that the labs are continuing to follow the bundling rules exactly as the bundling rules are laid out, which is that if all the components of a panel are ordered, you bundle and you build under that bundle. Furthermore, CMS has back-end logic that says if 8 chemistry tests are ordered, it bundles into the 8-chemistry test panel. So it's a little bit of a mystery to me how this has even become an issue, much less with these, as you mentioned, grossly exaggerated overpayment numbers. In fact, I think the GAO report had a potential overpayment number bigger than the entire Medicare lab spend. So this is just a -- this is a very unfortunate misunderstanding, which ACLA and the industry are educating both Congress and the GAO on. Unfortunately, it's created a distraction about the outsized and excessive impact of the PAMA cuts, which we talked about earlier, both from a Medicare perspective and now with the follow-on Medicaid. So I hope that's helpful, Ralph, and I apologize it was a little long, but I do think it's important that this be well understood as this is what the PAMA statute called for, and it's the implementation of the market-based payment rules.
Ralph Giacobbe: Yes, no, I appreciate that. And if I could squeeze one more in, you've talked a lot about sort of the partnership discussions on the managed care side and mentioned it earlier in the call as well. I was just hoping you can perhaps flesh those out a little bit more and, maybe more importantly, just timing now as we start thinking about 2019 and whether that has an influence or could have an influence on the business and volume more near term as opposed to 2020 and beyond.
David King: Yes. I think a lot of the partnership discussions, as we've talked about, are focusing on benefit design, participants in the network, value-based payment rates. And so particularly, things like benefit design and how the network benefits and minimizing the use of out-of-network utilization, there are changes that need to be made by the payers and by ASO employers in benefit design. So I think those changes are going to start to be made in 2019 for the 2020 selling season, but I think you'll start to see the impact really next year.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Leonard from Deutsche Bank.
Daniel Leonard: So just a quick clarification on the knock-on or indirect impact of PAMA. Is it fair for modeling purposes to assume that these indirect impacts persist beyond 2019 into 2020 and whatever residual might exist beyond that?
David King: Dan, it's Dave. I would say yes.
Daniel Leonard: Okay. And then my follow-up. Looking back on the fourth quarter, Dave, appreciate that you mentioned that the referral volume from hospitals and health systems recovered in December. Thinking back on it, do you have any sense for why that dipped below plan early in the quarter? And was there anything happening in the industry that you needed to tactically respond to, which drove the improvement in December?
David King: So in speaking to customers, really, the big drivers were lower admission rates and delayed flu season. I mean, those -- at least as far as we were able to tell from speaking with the customers, they were seeing similar -- yes, they were seeing similar trends in admission rate and calendar rate, bed rate, and we did have a delay in flu. So I wish I had a lot more color on it, but that was the high-level takeaway from our customers.
Operator: Our next question is from Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley.
Rivka Goldwasser: So one question on managed care. Obviously, in 2018, we've seen a number of contracts opening up. Dave, in the prepared remarks, you said that Humana renewed, and all big contracts are off the table. But at this point, do you see any additional opportunities for managed care contracts that previously were exclusive to open up?
David King: Well, I think it's pretty well known that the major remaining exclusive is the Florida Blue contract that we are not a participant in. And we have been engaged in conversations with Florida Blue on a number of fronts. We have Walgreens-located patient service centers in the Florida market. So we're hopeful that we're going to see some progress there, but I can't give you a firm prediction about how it's going to turn out. We've been pleased with the fact that they've been willing to engage with us because we've been out of that contract for a good number of years.
Rivka Goldwasser: Okay. And then going back to the impact and the timing for managed care contracts, Glenn, you gave a lot of different data points. They're very helpful in trying to kind of like get to organic growth. But from what I've heard, is it fair to assume that the changes in share in a managed care contract could be kind of like a net 160 basis points kind of like headwind this year?
Glenn Eisenberg: It's the one area obviously we didn't provide a quantitative number to, just given the newness of it. And obviously, we're dealing with these kind of operational issues for the company. The way we try to get you, at least directionally there, and I think that -- the number you're saying is directionally there, but -- was that our organic volume would be flat. And given that historically we've been a 1% to 2% kind of organic volume growth business, it's fair to assume that that's the reason why we're flat instead of that other level. So we've kind of given you at least a band, which your number clearly falls well within. So it's a reasonable way of thinking about it.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Ellich from Craig-Hallum.
Kevin Ellich: So Dave, the call has been going on a long time. Just a quick question on the free cash flow in Q4. Looks like accounts payable was a $123 million source of cash. Glenn, just wondering if there was anything unusual there. Is that just in reverse? And that's one. And then I also wanted to clarify, you stated all of your free cash flow in 2019 is going to be used on share repurchases and M&A. Is that correct?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, Kevin. Yes, first, on the fourth quarter free cash flow payables, as you did see, was a source. Obviously, it's timing related. Fourth quarter, we tend to see the payable number to be a source. But I would just say more broadly, we really feel good about the progress that we've made overall on working capital management. We continue to manage cash tightly. We continue to see and saw in 2018 a continued improvement in our DSOs as well as a continued expectation when we look to the expectations for 2019, continued progress there. So overall, positive on the working capital front. With regard to the outlook for free cash flow next year, the $1 billion, we commented that the balance sheet now is within our targeted leverage, albeit at the upper end. We do expect that we will use all of our free cash flow between share repurchases as well as acquisitions, so that -- obviously, it's implying that we'll stay towards the upper end of our guidance range. But the benefit, as we have no maturing debt, we can continue to take advantage of the share repurchase program, especially where the shares are valued, and as well as have the financial flexibility to look at M&A where that makes sense.
David King: And Kevin, it's Dave. I just want to stress, financially disciplined acquisitions. So no, we're not just going to go spend money on acquisitions that don't make sense strategically and financially. And I'd also like to comment, thank you for giving the warning, so it's 5 after 10. We do have 5 questions in the queue, so we'd like to get to all of them. Let's try if we can to make the questions short and limit the follow-ups, particularly if your questions have already been answered.
Operator: Our next question is from Donald Hooker from KeyBanc.
Donald Hooker: So a quick follow-up question. In terms of the Covance growth of 9% in the quarter, looks really strong. I think the last quarter, you called out the early development preclinical side as being a big driver. Did that continue this quarter? Maybe can you parse out the different parts of Covance, how that reflects and revolves around that 9% segment growth?
John Ratliff: Yes. We saw strength in the second half in terms of both on the early development and the late stage and, in the first half, on the labs in terms of the revenues and strength across the board on all the bookings. We don't give out the individual segments in terms of the quantification, but in terms of, yes, continued strength in the ED areas as well as even on the late-stage clinical on the growth within the 9%.
Operator: Our next question is from Derik De Bruin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Derik De Bruin: So we've seen really good backlog numbers and books-to-bill across most of the CROs, but Covance is one of the few that you've actually seen organic revenue growth accelerating. Could you quantify your level of backlog conversion, the sort of the trends there and what you're doing to speed that up? I guess basically just the question is, are you north of 10% in your backlog conversion?
John Ratliff: In terms of the -- and I'll try to do this in a little bit different quantification of the backlog itself. Highly dependent on the type of therapeutic area you're in, we are almost approximately 50% in terms of oncology, and rare and orphan has a little different draw out in terms of the way that revenue conversion has. It's a volatile measure that seems to have stabilized. Glenn actually stated that about 40% of our aggregate backlog should convert. That's been pretty consistent in terms of the last four quarters. And then as we enter into 2019, about 85% of our revenue estimates are covered by that backlog. So hopefully, that's helpful there.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And just one quick follow-up on you've been a partner with Lilly for a long time. And obviously, they've got the Loxo deal going on, and this can cancel some trials. So if there's anything that we should be concerned about in terms of changes in that relationship just given everything going on there.
John Ratliff: No, won't see ending partnership and continued very good relationships, and contracts come up in normal course and no issues presently in the relationship.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tanquilut from Jefferies.
Brian Tanquilut: John, just a follow-up in the CRO question. So are you seeing any change in pricing structures in the industry? Meaning, are you seeing competitors taking more risk around project milestones or time lines?
John Ratliff: No. That's been the way for the last few years on the risk side. And as to pricing in general, it's a competitive marketplace in terms of the late-stage and in terms of the labs, but -- from the standpoint of pretty stable in the early development side. And in terms of aggregate risk-based pricing, that's been a feature of what we've been doing for a while based on milestones, et cetera.
Operator: Our next question is from Bill Quirk from Piper Jaffray.
William Quirk: So Dave, appreciate that you're not seeing PAMA rates bleed into your managed care discussions. But it does appear that some of the smaller providers, particularly hospitals, are seeing some pressure for managed care related to PAMA. So when we think about that and then also just balancing that against the expanded data collection with more hospitals included this time around, how are you thinking or how should we be thinking rather about PAMA kind of 2020 and beyond?
David King: So obviously, the expanded data collection is not the solution to the flaws of PAMA, but at least it is an improvement, and then we'll see more commercial hospital rates in the database. And we appreciate CMS being willing to take that step, although as we've said all along, legislative or regulatory or judicial relief is required to right the wrong that's occurred here. I think in terms of what's going to happen, there's another data collection that's supposed to be beginning relatively soon for the next 3-year period. And good news is most of the impact of the reductions will have occurred in the '18, '19, '20 cycle. And so at the same time, there's another reduction coming in 2020, and it will have a similar -- an impact of similar size this year. And that's going to increasingly, I think, cause others in the industry to look at partnering or other ways in which they can optimize the cost side of their business because the revenue side, particularly for those that are more dependent on Medicare, now Medicaid payment, is going to be under pressure. So I think there will be opportunities for us. And as we highlighted in the prepared remarks, some of those with health systems have accelerated last year. As you observed, it was a pretty light year for deal flow in terms of what we thought were attractive deals, but there's every reason to think that particularly, the smaller deals, there'll be more of them in 2019 than one would think in 2020.
William Quirk: Got it. And then just one quick follow-up on the consumer genetics business. You're -- I appreciate that you're modeling this flat for '19. If we see this outperform those expectations, can you just remind us of the margin flow-through here? I seem to recall it's slightly lower than corporate average, but can you cue from that?
David King: No, Bill. The pricing is lower than corporate average, but the margin is comfortably within the -- our corporate expectations.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Massaro from Canaccord Genuity.
Mark Massaro: Dave, as it relates to M&A, obviously, a lot of hospital executives don't seem to be all that familiar with PAMA. But do you get the sense that, that awareness is increasing? And if so, do you see the potential to do more deals first or second half of 2019 as it relates to hospital outreach?
David King: Yes. Mark, I think consistent with what I said in response to Bill's question, I do think the awareness of PAMA is higher, and we indicated that in the prepared remarks as well. And I do think it will, in all likelihood, lead to a more robust deal flow in '19 and '20.
Mark Massaro: Great. And I know that you are a leader in women's health testing. Can you maybe talk about what you're doing to try to encourage the adoption of average-risk NIPT?
David King: Yes. Obviously, the noncoverage of NIPT by a couple of major players is quite frustrating, particularly because the recent scientific and clinical evidence indicates that actually, a fairly high percentage of women of so-called average maternal risk nonetheless have microdeletions or other things that would be concerning in terms of the genetic impact on their fetuses, as well as recent papers indicating that there's actually a higher-than-previously reported prevalence of Down syndrome in so-called average-risk pregnancy. So we are working with ACLA, we're working with our coalition of providers that offer noninvasive prenatal testing. And we're working with women members of Congress to try to influence the coverage decisions by the major plans and, of course, the ACOG and ACMG and the thought leader groups as well. And I think the -- certainly, among the thought leaders, the tide is turning in support of prenatal screening for the average-risk population. And it's our hope that, that will persuade the payers that this is indeed a better approach and also a more cost-effective approach to prenatal screening.
Operator: At this time, I am showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Dave King for closing remarks.
David King: Thank you very much. Thank you all for listening this morning. I also want to add my personal thanks to Scott Frommer, who's really done a terrific job in Investor Relations over the past years. And although we will miss him, we are thrilled to have Clarissa who came to us from the CFO role with PAML to step into his place. So we wish Scott all the best in the diagnostic role where he'll continue to be reporting to me, just in a different iteration, and welcome Clarissa. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Appreciate your continued interest in the company and look forward to updating you over the quarters ahead. Good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Frommer - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings Glenn Andrew Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings
Analysts: Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co. Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter 2018 LabCorp's earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Scott Frommer, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Scott Frommer - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning and welcome to LabCorp's third quarter 2018 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and John Ratliff, CEO of Covance Drug Development. In addition to our press release, we also furnished Form 8-K this morning that includes additional financial information. Both are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com and include a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. Finally, we are making forward-looking statements during today's call. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to 2018 guidance and the related assumptions, the impact of various factors on operating and financial results, and the opportunities for future growth. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2017 Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q, and in the company's other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. LabCorp's results in the quarter were highlighted by year-over-year revenue growth of 8% and adjusted EPS growth of 16%. Our performance was driven by strong results of our Covance business this quarter with increased net orders, a 1.41 book-to-bill, organic revenue growth of over 7% and 130 basis points of margin expansion. These are clear indications that our investments in the business, our differentiated offering and our Covance LaunchPad process improvement initiative are combining to deliver results in the market. In Diagnostics, excluding the impact of a ransomware attack in July and Hurricane Florence, we delivered 1.4% organic revenue and 1.9% organic volume growth. Nonetheless, this outcome was below our expectations with margin performance particularly disappointing and we are taking strong action as a result. First, we are making organizational changes to strengthen our leadership and operational performance. Second, we are launching the next phase of Diagnostics LaunchPad which will result in multiyear cost savings of a similar magnitude to LaunchPad Phase I. Applying the same principles as before, process reengineering, automation, integration of new tools and technology and facility optimization, this phase of LaunchPad will build on our prior work and lead to an even more streamlined and efficient Diagnostics business. We will provide additional detail about the size and scope of LaunchPad Phase II on our next earnings call. During the quarter, we continued to be good stewards of capital. We sharpened our life sciences focus by divesting our Food Solutions business at a very attractive valuation. As a result of the business divestiture, we exited the quarter in a strong cash position. We continued to develop our acquisition pipeline and increased share repurchases to $150 million. We are committed to supporting near and long term value creation for capital deployment, including share repurchases, internal capital investments, strategic acquisitions and debt paydown. As Glenn will explain, we expect to deploy more capital in the fourth quarter and in 2019 towards share repurchases, which we will complement with financially sound acquisitions as we continue to create shareholder value. I'll now update you on our progress on key strategic initiatives. The first strategic objective is to create a leading and differentiated consumer experience. We continue to enhance patient convenience and engagement, broaden our channel to market, and build brand loyalty. Earlier this month, following positive results and very high Net Promoter Scores at our initial 17 sites, we announced an agreement to significantly expand our LabCorp-Walgreens collaboration to at least 600 locations. Consumers, healthcare providers and managed care plans have expressed strong interest in this innovative partnership. LabCorp and Walgreens complementary healthcare expertise underpins the LabCorp-Walgreens channel, which is uniquely situated to deliver a wide range of personalized, integrated, consumer-facing services over time. Examples of additional collaboration opportunities under discussion include novel approaches to clinical research and supporting the ongoing transition to value-based care. We will begin announcing the newest LabCorp at Walgreens locations later this year. Our consumer strategy also involves integrating new tools and technology into our offering. Toward this end we are preparing for the commercial launch of our convenient wellness testing with sample collection anywhere and personalized online results. This platform will extend consumer access to a high-quality, trusted lab testing into additional settings. Most immediate of these is reaching patients in the home, which is critical to designing care for high-need patients, that small cohort of complex needs who represent the greatest usage of the healthcare system. Our initial offering went through the limited menu of tests focusing on wellness and chronic metabolic illness and we will expand the offering over time. This offering will also have application to our Covance business, as we support trials with convenient, accurate testing outside the physician office. We also continued our rollout of patient self-service tools including self check-in, improved insurance card recognition technology using machine learning, enhanced mobile applications and upgraded online bill pay. Our multifaceted consumer engagement strategy is advancing at a rapid pace, further differentiating our offering from competitors and creating new opportunities for long-term profitable growth. Our second strategic objective is to streamline the drug development process. We continue to execute on our $9.4 billion backlog, one of the largest in the industry, expand our customer base, win new awards through our integrated Covance and Chiltern offering, and make investments that increase efficiency in drug development. Our investments encompass capabilities that support top line growth as well as enhance operational performance. Our Covance LaunchPad initiative includes over 90 projects and has had a clear impact on Covance's margins, which improved by 130 basis points year-on-year. The global service delivery model is well underway and will expand over the next two years. Other initiatives include the integration of new tools and technology into existing processes such as utilizing robotic, software process automation to enhance efficiency and quality. Technology is a critical component of streamlining trials and we continue to see broad sponsor interest in our powerful investigator performance data, real-world evidence insights and Xcellerate platform. In the future, we expect to see increasing adoption of mobile health technology and virtual trials by sponsors. These offerings, individually or in combination, can speed patient recruitment and site selection, improve trial design and data quality, and thereby decrease study duration, costs and the patient burden of participating in clinical research. Our third strategic objective is to support our customer's transition to value-based care. As discussed last quarter, our proven track record of delivering convenient high quality and cost-effective services translated into expanded opportunities and favorable reimbursement rates with UnitedHealthcare and Aetna. In anticipation of changes to each plan's laboratory provider network next year, our commercial and leadership teams continue to execute our provider engagement strategy. We're also developing an employer-focused offering to help self-insured businesses better manage both lab and drug spend. The transition to value-based care is also relevant to providers. Last week we announced a comprehensive laboratory collaboration with Baptist Health, the largest not-for-profit system in Kentucky. As part of this collaboration, we will utilize our fully standardized laboratory solutions, operational expertise and comprehensive test menu to support the delivery of care across eight hospital-based labs. The expansion of this long-standing partnership provides another example of hospitals and health systems turning to LabCorp's high-value offering to help them achieve their strategic and financial goals. We have an active pipeline of opportunities in this evolving market and look forward to providing you with updates in the future. Before I turn the call over to Glenn, I will briefly comment about our outlook for 2019. Next year will be challenging due to the ongoing impact from PAMA and contractual changes in managed care. At the same time, we expect another year of revenue growth and margin expansion in Covance, cost savings in both businesses from the LaunchPad initiatives and strong free cash flow underpinned by a solid balance sheet. In sum, although the headwinds facing our company will be at their stiffest next year, we expect to deliver modest growth in adjusted EPS in 2019 and to establish a solid foundation for accelerating growth in 2020 and beyond. Particularly, in light of the challenges we faced this quarter from the ransomware attack, Hurricane Florence and Typhoon Mangkhut, I want to recognize and commend the dedication of our 60,000 colleagues around the world. Their countless acts of individual and collective heroisms to take care of patients and of each other during these events made me once again enormously proud to lead this great company. Now I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Andrew Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you, Dave. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our third quarter results followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and include my commentary on our full year outlook. As a reminder, on January 1, 2018, we adopted ASC 606 using the full retrospective method, meaning that we restated our 2017 financial results to better enable the valuation of our 2018 performance and guidance. In the press release, our prepared remarks and the Q&A session to follow, all references to our 2017 results are to the restated numbers unless we specifically note otherwise. During the quarter there were two usual events, the ransomware attack in July and Hurricane Florence in September. First, the ransomware attack impacted revenue by approximately $10 million and operating income by approximately $23 million. Of the $23 million total impact to operating income, $13 million has been classified as discrete expenses related to recovery efforts, including directly identifiable, overtime, consultant and contractor expenses. These discrete expenses have been excluded from the company's adjusted operating income. The remaining $11 million reduced the company's adjusted operating income, primarily due to lower volume caused by our decision to temporarily take certain systems offline to contain and remediate the ransomware attack, as well as higher labor expense incurred to expedite processing of the built-up backlog. These metrics do not include any benefit from insurance recovery which we are pursuing. Second, Hurricane Florence impacted revenue by approximately $4 million and adjusted operating income by approximately $3 million also due to lower volume. Together, these two unusual events negatively impacted adjusted EPS by $0.10. For the remainder of my remarks, I will refer to these two events together as business disruptions. Revenue for the quarter was $2.8 billion, an increase of 8% over last year, with acquisition growth of 6.5% and organic growth of 2.8%. This was partially offset by divestitures of 1.1% and unfavorable foreign currency translation of 30 basis points. Revenue growth was constrained by around 50 basis points due to business disruptions. Operating income for the quarter was $343 million, or 12.1% of revenue, compared to $327 million or 12.5% last year. During the quarter we had $31 million of restructuring charges and special items, of which $13 million was due to discrete expenses related to recovery efforts following the ransomware attack. And the remaining $18 million was primarily related to our LaunchPad business process improvement initiative and acquisition integration. Adjusted operating income, which excludes amortization and restructuring charges and special items, was $429 million, or 15.2% of revenue, compared to $432 million or 16.5% last year. Adjusted operating income in the quarter was negatively impacted by approximately $13 million due to business disruptions. Excluding business disruptions, the $10 million increase was due to organic revenue growth, acquisitions, and savings from our LaunchPad initiative, partially offset by lower Medicare pricing as a result of the implementation of PAMA, divestitures, and personnel costs. The 130 basis point decline in adjusted operating margin was due to the implementation of PAMA, the negative impacts from business disruptions, and the mix impact from the acquisition of Chiltern. The tax rate for the quarter was 36.2% compared to 34.7% last year. The adjusted tax rate, excluding special charges, amortization, and the net gain on divestitures, was 25%, down from 33.6% last year. This lower rate was primarily due to the implementation of tax reform in the U.S. We expect the full-year 2018 adjusted tax rate to be approximately 24.5%, implying a fourth quarter tax rate of 25%. Net earnings for the quarter were $319 million, or $3.10 per diluted share, which includes the net gain on divestitures of $125 million or $1.22 per share. Adjusted EPS, which excludes amortization, restructuring charges, special items, and the net gain on divestitures, were $2.74 in the quarter, up 16% over last year. Adjusted earnings in the quarter were negatively impacted by approximately $0.10 per diluted share from business disruptions. Operating cash flow was $252 million in the quarter compared to $351 million a year ago. The benefit of increased cash earnings was more than offset by an increase in working capital, a discretionary pension contribution, and the impact from business disruptions. The increase in working capital was used to support the company's growth, but was also negatively impacted by timing that will benefit the fourth quarter. We made the discretionary pension contribution to take advantage of the change in tax rates from tax reform. Capital expenditures totaled $98 million, or 3.5% of revenue, compared to $75 million or 2.9% last year. As a result, free cash flow was $154 million in the quarter compared to $275 million last year. During the quarter, we repurchased $150 million of stock. As of September 30, we had $844 million of authorization remaining under our share repurchase program. Total debt at quarter end was $6.5 billion, and our leverage was 3.1 times gross debt to last 12 months EBITDA compared to our target leverage ratio of 2.5 to 3 times. At quarter end, our cash balance was $893 million, up from $221 million at the end of the second quarter, primarily due to cash proceeds from the divestiture of the Food Solutions business. Between using excess cash on hand and free cash flow expected in the fourth quarter, we plan to deploy approximately $1 billion cash in the fourth quarter after capital expenditures. We will spend around half of this amount on the repayment of maturing debt of $400 million and a tax payment related to the Food Solutions divestiture of approximately $125 million. This leaves around $500 million available in the fourth quarter, primarily for increased share repurchases as well as strategic acquisitions. Now I'll review our segment performance, beginning with LabCorp Diagnostics. Revenue in the quarter was $1.8 billion, a decrease of 0.2% compared to last year. The benefit from acquisitions and organic volume, measured by requisitions, was offset by the implementation of PAMA, the impact from business disruptions, as well as divestitures. Foreign currency translation lowered revenue by approximately 20 basis points. The impact from unfavorable weather in the third quarter of last year was offset by the effect of approximately one less revenue day this quarter. As a result, organic revenue growth on a constant currency basis was 0.6%, which was lower than expected but included the negative impact from business disruptions of approximately 80 basis points. Revenue per requisition decreased by 40 basis points excluding the impact from divestitures. This decline was driven by the impact of PAMA of 100 basis points as well as the impact from the ransomware attack of 20 basis points. On a similar basis, total volume increased 2%, of which organic volume was 1.3% and acquisition volume was 0.8%. We achieved this volume growth despite the negative impact of approximately 60 basis points from business disruptions. LabCorp Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $332 million, or 18.9% of revenue, compared to $374 million or 21.3% last year. The benefit from acquisitions and organic volume growth was more than offset by the negative impact from PAMA, business disruptions, divestitures, and personnel costs. As Dave mentioned, given the outlook for 2019, we launched the next phase of our LabCorp Diagnostics LaunchPad initiative, as we position the business for growth in 2020 and beyond. We will provide details of this program on our year-end earnings call. Now I'll review the performance of Covance Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $1.1 billion, an increase of 25% over last year, due to growth from acquisitions of 18% and organic growth of 7%, partially offset by 50 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency translation. Adjusted operating income for this segment was $131 million, or 12.1% of revenue, compared to $94 million or 10.8% last year. The $37 million increase in operating income and 130 basis point improvement in margins were primarily due to organic demand, LaunchPad savings and acquisitions, partially offset by personnel costs. We remain on track to deliver $150 million of net savings from Covance LaunchPad by the end of 2020 and $30 million of cost synergies from the integration of Chiltern by the end of 2019. Net orders during the quarter were $1.5 billion, up 35% from last year, contributing to a net book-to-bill for the quarter of 1.41 compared to 1.30 a year ago. For the trailing 12 months, net orders were $5.3 billion and net book-to-bill increased to 1.25 from 1.22 last quarter. Backlog at the end of the quarter was $9.4 billion, an increase of approximately $400 million from last quarter. We expect approximately $3.8 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Now I'll discuss our 2018 guidance which assumes foreign exchange rates as of September 30 for the remainder of the year. Our guidance also includes capital allocation from the proceeds of divestitures and free cash flow in the fourth quarter toward an increase in our share repurchase program, acquisitions and debt repayment. We expect revenue growth of 10.5% to 11% over 2017 revenue of $10.3 billion, which includes the benefit of approximately 40 basis points of currency translation. This is a narrowing of our prior guidance range of 10.5% to 11.5% and now includes the impact from business disruptions of 10 basis points, as well as the 10 basis point unfavorable change in currency translation. We expect LabCorp Diagnostics revenue growth of 3% to 3.5% over 2017 revenue of $6.9 billion, which includes a benefit of approximately 10 basis points of currency translation. This is a narrowing of our prior guidance range of 3% to 4.5%, primarily due to the impact from business disruptions of 20 basis points, lower volume and the 10 basis point unfavorable change in currency translation. We expect Covance Drug Development revenue growth of 24% to 26% over 2017 revenue of $3.5 billion which includes the benefit of approximately 110 basis points of currency translation. This is a narrowing of our prior guidance range of 23% to 26%. We remain on track to deliver mid to high single-digit organic growth in 2018. Our adjusted EPS guidance is $11.25 to $11.45, which is lower than the prior guidance of $11.35 to $11.65, primarily due to the negative impact of $0.10 per share from business disruptions, as well as the performance in the third quarter. Finally, we expect free cash flow to be between $975 million and $1.025 billion. This is lower than the prior guidance of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion due to the upcoming tax payment of approximately $125 million related to the divestiture of the Food Solutions business which was not included in our prior guidance. This concludes our formal remarks and we'll now take questions. Operator?
Operator: Our first question comes from Ross Muken of Evercore. Your line is now open.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Good morning, gentlemen. So maybe let's start on Covance. I think relative to the prior quarter, across-the-board, the results were materially better and obviously, the bookings piece was probably the highlight and core growth was good as well. Maybe just give us a feel for kind of coming off of that sort of disappointment last quarter, what you saw change, how much of the stuff that sort of impacted you last Q is kind of temporal and you saw relief on it. And then on the margin side, also felt like as well, you got some of that drop-through on the better revenue, but also you're getting some momentum on the cost side.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. Thank you, Ross. This is John. In terms of the stronger book-to-bill, that was across all of our areas, early development, labs, clinical. It's driven by, yes, healthy market fundamentals, in terms of the funding environment, the approvals, the FDA, the high interest in the drug development innovation from ourselves. We do have strong pipeline of opportunities across the board in terms of proposals and continued success with our differentiation, whether that's with the data or the stronger FSP offerings or the solutions in terms of companion diagnostics or biomarkers. But clearly, strength across the units. Yeah, second quarter, temporal. And I think you see why we lean toward more of a last 12 months versus, clearly, a quarter-by-quarter basis. And on the margin side, that's going to be a heavy lift in terms of on both the LaunchPad initiatives, as well as the revenue, but you're seeing that leverage come through and you're seeing that sequential leverage show up. In terms of the margin side  we see continued upside in terms of the margins. We know we need to get superior level margins and work to do in terms of the early development in clinical and know that both on the revenue and margin side, we're looking for continued progress there.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Thanks, John. And maybe, Dave, just sort of philosophically here, obviously, a lot of moving parts in the lab business and I'm sure you're not thrilled with some of the near-term pieces, albeit obviously a lot of it's out of your control. As you think about all the capital you have now, plus the Food divestiture and some of the activity picking up in the market and also having opportunity to deploy on the CRO set, I guess how are you thinking about it to next year? I know you talked about a pretty good return on capital in the fourth quarter, it seems like you also have plenty of firepower on the M&A side that continue to supplement, how are you thinking about the opportunity set that's out there?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: As we've said, we think about every opportunity that's presented to us individually and collectively. So individually, does it meet our strategic objectives? Does it meet our financial objectives? And what is the value to the total enterprise? And then collectively, how do we want to deploy our capital for growth? And so what I would say is there's no predisposition toward deploying capital toward one business or another when it comes to acquisitions. We're going to look at every one individually. I will say that assuming that the second round of PAMA is implemented as planned, I think there will be acquisition opportunities on the lab side. I think there'll be collaboration opportunities on the health system side, as you seen in our broadened relationship with Baptist. And so we have, in my mind, done a very good job of reducing our leverage and returning capital to shareholders and we're going to continue to tighten up that target leverage and, at the same time, maintain the flexibility of the balance sheet so that we can do the best deals that come along.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lisa Gill of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks. Good morning. First, congratulations on the great numbers on the Covance side. Dave, I'm going to ask about the Diagnostics side. So as I think about your expectations on the quarter versus what was delivered, you talked about organic being lower than expected. Your chief competitor reported yesterday, talked about patient concessions as well as some reimbursement issues. Can you just walk us through, are you seeing similar things or are there different things that you're seeing for LabCorp versus Quest? Just want to understand the expectation versus what you delivered in the quarter and then also understand if there is a bad debt issue here?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. Good morning, Lisa. Thanks for the nice comments about Covance. We're very pleased with that performance. Our bad debt year-over-year is basically flat as a percentage. Now to be clear, as revenue grows, obviously, if you apply the same percentage, the dollars of bad debt get higher. But as a percentage of revenue  and I realize we account for it differently, but let's talk about the way we used to talk about in the old days  as a percentage of revenue, bad debt is basically flat. And in fact, in the year, from 1Q to 3Q, bad debt has sequentially declined each quarter. So we're not experiencing that headwind. And I think  just make a comment that we do this internally, our revenue cycle management team has done a fantastic job. We do see higher patient responsibility across the board in the business, but our team has done a fantastic job; addressing and managing that through a lot of innovative tools, including front-end collections in the patient service center and our pricing transparency tool. So bad debt has not been a headwind. On the specific callouts in terms of individual tests and payment denials, medical drug monitoring continues to grow although the growth rate is trending down. Some of that has been fewer scripts being written because of constraints on opioid prescriptions. Some of it is physicians insourcing the lab work because they can bill for it directly and get paid as opposed to sending it out to labs. And some of it has been denial policies. Now again, I want to come back to it grew, it just didn't grow at the rate that it has grown over prior quarters. The hepatitis C and vitamin D, there's nothing materially different from what we've seen historically  what we have seen in prior quarters there. The one thing I would call out in terms of slowing the incremental growth is 23andMe was slower this quarter than it was in 2Q. And so that's where you saw some of the decline in organic growth, because as we've said, that is a contributor to our organic growth. We expect that to increase sequentially in the fourth quarter. And so, that would probably be the one thing I would point out as a detractor in terms of organic growth rate. That said, the fact that 23andMe's volume growth rate slowed is part of the reason that you see our price  because again it's mix, it's not unit price but are price improvements because, as we've said, our profitability on 23andMe is fine but it is a lower per encounter price than our average requisition.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And you wouldn't say there's any changes on anything else from a managed care perspective or contracting when we think about the sequential Diagnostic business?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No, not at all.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thanks, guys. Maybe just on the retail strategy with the Walgreens expansion, can you just kind of talk through what made you comfortable expanding that so significantly? I guess, what encouraged you about the initial locations? How should we be thinking about the economics of that versus some standalone patient centers?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. It's Dave. Start with the economics. So, the economics that we have worked out with Walgreens, we're pleased with in that they're essentially comparable to the economics of our standalone patient service centers. And the reason that we like the retail strategy is it's very difficult to identify are you getting incremental volume. But in the patient feedback that we're  the real-time patient feedback we're getting from those stores, we see a fairly significant number of patients who say either that they are new to LabCorp or that they haven't been to LabCorp in more than a year. And so we think it is increasing patient float versus the standalone patient service centers. The other thing that's very attractive about it is the opportunity to provide broader health services to the patient. So whether it's biometric screening, whether it's drug monitoring and management through the collaboration of the pharmacists, whether it's presenting the patient with the opportunity to share their drug information, their pharmacy information and combine it with their lab information, or whether it's the clinical trials piece, we get a much more in-depth and robust engagement with the consumer in the Walgreens centers. And so that's why strategically we think it's very important as part of the consumer platform and increasing our ability to capitalize on the power of our data.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's helpful, thanks. And then maybe just looking forward, I know you're not going to guide for 2019 by any means, but I think increasingly focus is shifting there, and I think the headwinds on profitability are pretty well understood at this point. But maybe just help us think about some levers to offset some of those headwinds. Whether fundamental underlying trends, pull-through on new LaunchPad initiatives, it would be helpful just to hear your perspective on 2019.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Let me just say  I said in the prepared remarks the headwinds in 2019 will be the stiffest, and they will, but let's do two things. Number one, in the near term, obviously we'll get some savings on both sides of the business from LaunchPad. Number two, the growth in Covance and the opportunity in Covance will significantly offset the impact for us of what's going to happen with PAMA, for example, in the Diagnostics business. Number three, we have a significant amount of capital that we can deploy toward growth in the business, whether through share repurchase or through acquisitions. But I also want to just take a step further back and say from a broader perspective, we need to reemphasize to the community and to our investors, when you think about healthcare and think about what are the key elements of healthcare, you're seeing all sorts of innovation around, whether it's digital and bricks-and-mortar, whether it's providers who are not physicians, whether it's emergency rooms that aren't part of hospitals. But one thing that is fundamental about healthcare is that the front line of diagnosis is in the laboratory. And it's inconceivable that there's going to be any healthcare system ever without the clinical laboratory. So as we think about where we are, we have capital to deploy. We're a scale business. The market trends are moving in our direction, whether it's sales of assets, whether it's hospitals, hospital collaborations, whether it's hospital outsourcing. And also think about the demographics of 10,000 people a day turning 65 and becoming eligible for Medicare and increasing coverage under whatever structure we're going to have for the insurance markets. So for the long term, our perspective is we're in a great business. The scale is there. The leverage is there. It generates a ton of cash flow. And I look at 2019 as a year in which yes, there are going be some challenges, but in the long term, we're building for a significant opportunity to grow the business on the Covance side, on the lab side in the out years, and we feel very optimistic about where we are.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Understood, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jack Meehan of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, good morning. Dave, I wanted to continue on that line, and I really appreciate all the commentary on 2019. I think PAMA and LaunchPad are pretty quantifiable. But is there any additional visibility you can provide on the impact of the national payer changes, whether it be on both the volume impact and on the pricing side? That would be helpful.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, Jack. The volume side is very difficult to estimate or quantify, and so I'm not going to try and do that. On the pricing side, with United, we said that our position in the negotiations was that if they were going to open the contract that we felt we were entitled to an increase in price  unit price. And we said at the time that the contract negotiation concluded that we were very pleased with the outcome. So I think you can draw your conclusion there in terms of what the pricing is going to be. With Aetna, all in, we view the pricing that we receive as relatively flat. And so I don't see significant price-downs in the transition of the managed care from going out of network with Aetna to going in or from the United contract change. Now at the risk of being accused of talking down the year, which I'm not, but I'm just doing simple math for you, I will say, as I said on the last call, the math tells you that with United having the larger membership and Aetna having the smaller membership that the contract transition will be a net headwind for us. But it's not going to be a net headwind because of price-downs. In my view, it's going to be a net headwind just because the mat says if each national lab loses the same percentage of customers that they had in the prior exclusive arrangement, we will lose more than our competitor.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's fair. Glenn or Dave, I had one follow-up on the operating income in the Diagnostics segment for the quarter. So it was down a little over $40 million year over year. The business impact, you quantified that as $13 million. I'm estimating PAMA is about $17 million. You also had the Eurofins sale. Is there anything else to call out in terms of the segment earnings of this quarter, whether it be a positive or negative just year over year?
Glenn Andrew Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: The positives obviously would be the organic volume that we did have as well as acquisitions. To your point, we gave up some of that with the divestitures. And the other is really just we talked about the personnel cost or costs that while volumes were up, they were down a little bit from where we had expected it. Our cost structure was supporting the higher levels. And part of LaunchPad and part of what we expect to be an improvement as we go into the fourth quarter will be taking down those costs to more right-size with the current level of demand.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Ellich of Craig-Hallum. Your line is now open.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess, Dave, I wanted to go back to your prepared remarks. I think you made comments about organizational changes. Were there any more details you can provide, or was that already covered?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, Kevin. We will provide more details of it, but basically, the organizational changes are just to, as we said, streamline organizational leadership and improve our focus. The volume growth, when you take out all the puts and takes, we were satisfied within the quarter. But the margin and, as Glenn said, the level of expense was a frustration, and we're going to manage that better, and that's basically what the structural changes are designed to do.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Got it, okay. And then just going back to your comments on the national payer change transition even with United having more members than Aetna, are you just taking a more conservative stance here? Or because  I guess we thought that more of the volume shift between the two largest labs would come from some of the smaller labs versus each other. I guess, can you help us understand that dynamic?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: My sense from the market, Kevin, is that our competitor has been aggressively targeting our accounts where we have United business. And so certainly there'll be some volume shifting from regional labs, but it's no secret that we're the two largest and so if you're looking to gain volume with a contract change, where are you going to go? You're going to go to the largest target. And we have the largest share of United business. So it certainly seems natural to me that our competitors is targeting our accounts. So I agree with you there'll be some shifting from the regionals, but if you just think about who had the largest single share of the United business, that would be us. Where's the greatest opportunity for Quest to gain share? That would be from us, and that's why we expect that there'll be some  there'll be volume loss for us and volume gain for them.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Got it, okay. Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe of Citi. Your line is now open.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks, good morning. I just want to go back to 2019. And again, I know you don't want to explicitly guide, but hoping, Dave, you can give a little more on your definition of modest growth. Is that low single, mid-single, high single? Is that EPS including share repo or just operating earnings? And any further details you may be willing to give on margin  just overall margin expectation structure? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: We'll give our guidance when we do the 4Q call, Ralph. So modest means modest, and until we put a number on it, modest is going to be what it is. Modest EPS growth includes capital deployment, so it includes share repurchase, acquisitions, all of the components. And we're not going to say anything about margins other than, as a result of the Covance LaunchPad process, as John said, we expect to see margin improvement there. Diagnostics margins, because of the impact of PAMA, will likely be flat to down. But again, we don't guide, generally, to margins. So that's probably about all that I can say.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, all right, fair enough. And then I did want to go to the organic volume. It was positive but, again, it did slow, and I know you mentioned some of the business disruption impact. But anything you're seeing from the UNH book of business, specifically in terms of maybe early share shift away from you that you can comment on? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No, we're not seeing anything significant in terms of early share shift. And remember, to that end, that we are still the sole exclusive national provider for United up through the end of the year. So any early share shift would mean moving from an in-network provider, if they're going to our competitor, to an out-of-network provider, and that's not something that is good for patients. It's not good for the system. So we're not seeing much. And my expectation is we're not going to see much until the first of the year.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erin Wright of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, thanks. It was a nice book-to-bill trend in the CRO business and were there any outside business wins on the CRO side? Or I guess how broad-based was it? And I'm curious if you could comment on your win rates overall when leveraging the combined data assets across both the Covance and LabCorp side of the business? Thanks.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Great. Erin, this is John. And there was no outsized wins. There was nothing above 10% of bookings, the $1.5 billion. So it's pretty broad-based. Nice wins in terms of aggregate on the early development, the lab side and clinical. And then your second question was again? Sorry, I apologize.
Glenn Andrew Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: The data rate and...
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Oh, the win rate.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Win rate.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah, leveraging the data assets.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Clearly, that is our differentiation. We're seeing clearly a vast majority of our trials and proposals using the data. We're up to around two-thirds and moving to three-quarters of the use of the data in all of our wins and all of our proposals, and looking to move that then to 100% of the trials. So we are using it in accordance with the high interest from our drug development partners and clearly making us stronger in terms of our pipeline of opportunities.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, great. A quick follow-up on the Walgreens relationship here. I guess, can you comment a little bit more on timing, magnitude, when this sort of will really materialize here, and how you're kind of balancing that with your needs for your own patient service centers? And I know you commented on that before, but I guess, do your thoughts embed some sort of way to productively rationalize some of the footprint here in a capital-efficient manner? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Erin, it's Dave. You're going to see a pretty substantial acceleration through the balance of this year into next year in terms of the opening of new stores. Obviously, there's a buildout in many of the stores required and that's sort of the gating factor. When we originally started the project, we did not anticipate that we would be relocating patient service centers, we viewed this as another channel. But what we've seen is really nice traffic coming from existing patient service centers into Walgreens. So we'll be looking at the existing patient service center structure to determine whether there are opportunities to essentially move them to Walgreens or combine them with the Walgreens capabilities.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. So first of all, just following up on this last comment, so when we think about 2019, you're saying you're building out Walgreens facilities but you haven't made a decision yet on how to rationalize existing infrastructure. Should we assume in our models some duplicate cost structure?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No, Ricky, no. It's Dave. Sorry, I didn't understand the key word there. No you should not assume duplicate cost structure. Whatever we do with Walgreens will be sequenced with the patient service center infrastructure.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then, Dave, in your prepared remarks when you talked about 2019, you also highlighted that 2020, you're going to see return to growth. So just to clarify, we're going to see another PAMA step-down in 2020, so are you basically saying that taking into account that PAMA step-down, you can return the top line growth in 2020?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yes, I think we can, Ricky. And by the way, I'm not going to say we won't have top line growth in 2019. I still think there'll be top line growth because we're expecting, obviously, growth in Covance. But once we annualize the impact of the managed care contract changes, which will be at the end of 2019, then in my view, absolutely, 2020, yes, we have incremental PAMA impact, assuming that we don't get any relief on that, and we're proceeding under that assumption but still working very hard to get relief. But assuming we don't get a relief, we still will have the opportunity to return to top line and stronger earnings growth.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. A couple of questions on the Covance business, could you just give any color in terms of what the growth rates were and split was between your early and late-stage businesses? And then as a follow-up on that, if my memory serves, Covance was a strategic partner for Bayer and I know they've discussed increasing some of their outsourcing potentially going forward. I'm just curious in terms of is that a chance of gaining some incremental business from Bayer. Are you still tight with them?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: This is John. Derik. And so we don't really break out the actual segments, all I will do in terms of color was the early development versus labs versus the clinical side. All areas grew. And in terms of the revenue growth, early development led the parade, so nice growth from that segment, but growth across the board. And then on Bayer, very specifically, we don't really talk customer specifics. They've been a great partner to us and continue to be so.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I'll do one lab follow-up. Are you still expecting, when you're modeling the contract changes, for the bulk of that to be in the first half of next year?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yes.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good morning, guys. Just a quick question, Dave. In your prepared remarks, you talked about physicians doing more in-office testing. Is that a structural trend that we should be worried about? And then just broadly speaking, as you think about overall demand, am I right in interpreting your comments that you don't have any worries, it's just that you have these one-off situations this past Q3?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah. Good morning, Brian. I don't think in my prepared remarks that I said there was more physician in-office testing. I think what I said was that, in terms of the Covance business and the new platform that we're launching, that we thought we had the opportunity to provide self-collection outside the physician office that could be relevant to trial. So maybe I wasn't as clear on that as I should have been.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: Hey, Dave, sorry. I meant on the prescription drug monitoring business, I think.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Oh yeah, that's really specifically an issue in prescription drug monitoring at the moment. And historically, what happens is when there's an area of testing that is growing rapidly, you may remember, if you covered the space years ago, there was all the insourcing of pathology and there were all these shell labs set up to do pathology testing. And there's typically a pretty strong regulatory response when physicians start doing significant insourcing, simply because it leads to significant increases in utilization which are not necessarily, again, either in the best interest of the patient or the system. So, I see this as a near-term trend in one specific area of the business. I wouldn't characterize it as a long-term trend. And in-office physician testing as a total percentage of the lab market has basically been in the low single-digits throughout  certainly throughout my career in the industry. So, no, don't see that as a particularly alarming trend, more as a temporal issue. In terms of third quarter incidents being one-offs, obviously, the weather is a constant. It's just an unpredictable constant. The ransomware, we certainly hope is a one-off. But let's be realistic, I mean every business today, and certainly healthcare businesses among them, is constantly being attacked. And so I think our team did a phenomenal job responding. I think our security is high, and we continue to increase our investment in IT security. But you can never  it certainly isn't going to be a continuing issue. We're not seeing continuing implications of it. So I would say these are singular events and not things that we need to be thinking are going to persist in the long run.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: No, I appreciate it, and just one quick follow-up for John. As I think about Covance with LaunchPad and Chiltern synergies coming in, where do you think we can take margins to? 18% to 20%, is that a reasonable number to be thinking about over time?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I know we'll do on the next call our 2019 guidance, so we'll talk more tactically about that. But we're looking at peer-level margins, and so you can look at the industry and then know that we have work to do in terms of the clinical and then on the early development, so we see opportunity there. But we'll give more details on the next quarterly call.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: I appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Quirk of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great, thank you and good morning, everyone, two questions. I guess first off, I want to go back to one of the earlier Walgreens questions. Dave, you referenced additional services that you could provide, which presumably over time would lead to higher volumes. It is this something that you're seeing now in the pilot program, or should we be thinking about this as a future opportunity to help drive, call it, same-store sales or higher volume growth in that segment? And then secondly, John, any comment on pricing? You obviously referenced the healthy market on several occasions, so curious about your thoughts there and then just overall industry capacity. Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, Bill. It's Dave. On Walgreens, what we've done in the initial 17 service centers is basically set up the capability of providing the draws in the lab services. In many of our patient service centers now, we do have additional capabilities to do things like biometric screening for employers or indeed for our own employees, and we'll be migrating those into the Walgreens stores. The other thing to think about is in the prototype of these Walgreens stores is, there are other health-related activities there. There's a pharmacy. There might be audiology. There might be vision. There might be an urgent care. So all of these things will combine to give a broader opportunity for the patient to have a comprehensive healthcare experience, in some of these cases, even almost a quasi-primary care experience and for us to capitalize on a more robust engagement with the consumer around the data, around the biometrics, around information that would be really helpful for us to have that, in many cases, because we don't see the patient in person, we don't collect. Now I'll ask John on the Covance pricing question that you asked.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Early development, capacities are tight. Pricing is good. The labs, pricing will always be under pressure but thus the need to be more efficient and effective and best-in-class margins there. And then on clinical, the FSP model pricing is a lot of pressure. But again, that forces you though into the automation technology, tools, process work that we're doing in order to better those margins. And on the programmatic side, from the standpoint of pricing, a normal environment, we're moving a lot more to milestone pricing and saying deal in terms of looking for margin upside in that environment to offset even the pressure on the pricing.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Massaro of Canaccord Genuity. Your line is now open.
Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey, thank you. Dave, it seems like the market is pricing and certainly PAMA here to stay, and you're managing the business for Phase 2 of PAMA to be implemented on January 1. But can you just speak to any actions that ACLA is making now in terms of legal options and lobbying Congress? And can you give us any sense of substance or timing as it relates to any further actions?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. Good morning, Mark. I'll start with the legal actions. So the district court decision was disappointing. Putting on my long-abandoned lawyer hat, I can say that the judge decided the case on very narrow procedural grounds. And although she noted that there were significant questions presented on the merits, she didn't reach them. She didn't reach one of the key arguments that ACLA made, which was that the regulations were beyond CMS's authority because they were directly contradictory to the statue. So ACLA, after a board discussion and I think correctly has decided to appeal and file the Notice of Appeal. We'll ask for an expedited schedule, but the reality is the likelihood of getting a decision before the middle to end of 2019 is pretty low from the Court of Appeals. So we'll continue to press on the legal front, but the process now will play itself out. On the regulatory and legislative front, we are very active with Congress. There is, if I can characterize it, a general sense within the key committees and staff and among members that this was not what was intended, that it was not expected that 70% to 80% of the data points were going to come from LabCorp and Quest, and this was going to be a cherry-picked "market analysis" that would just pick the lowest price for everything. And so they were looking at potential fixes. ACLA has submitted some language that has been sent for scoring that would provide a near-term fix. So there's a considerable amount of activity on the Congressional front. And then we continue to meet and discuss with CMS what administrative options there may be as well. As you saw in the physician fee schedule proposed rule, CMS asked about ways in which they could include more hospital data, and we've been meeting with them recently and have made a number of proposals. One of the initial objections from hospitals was the amount of resources that would be required to report the data. And so we've provided some proposals to CMS around things like aggregate data reporting as statistically significant surveys that would allow them to look at that market without the enormous burden of reporting. So there is a lot of activity on every front, and I'm still optimistic that common sense is going to prevail here in terms of what PAMA was meant to do and how it's going to be implemented. But as you say, we're planning as though PAMA is going to be fully implemented, and we're running the business that way.
Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. And historically, you've called out areas like women's health and NIPT as strong growth areas. Is that still the case? And then in terms of next-gen sequencing-based tools like liquid biopsies, can you comment on the degree of importance that is both in your Diagnostics and your CRO business? And are there ways that you can advance those offerings?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Women's health and NIPT continue to be strong areas of growth for us. Next-gen sequencing is a part of the lab business in both LabCorp and Covance, mostly in terms of moving existing genetic testing or genomic testing onto that platform as opposed to SNP arrays or other prior methodologies. And innovations like liquid biopsy and other technologies are certainly things that we're considering. In both businesses, we actually have a pilot program running within Covance on liquid biopsies. So these are going to be things  the technology and the tools continue to change and we're going to continue to adopt them as they make sense, as they provide improved patient care and obviously as we see reimbursement trends.
Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Dave King for any closing remarks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you. Well, thank you for joining us this morning. I hope we've given you not only clear insight into the third quarter but also into the long-term view that we have of the business and the success of our strategic execution. We look forward to speaking to you on the fourth quarter call and wish you a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Frommer - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings Glenn Andrew Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings Gary M. Huff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings
Analysts: Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Donald H. Hooker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co. Max Smock - William Blair & Co. LLC Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to LabCorp's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference call maybe recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Scott Frommer, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Scott Frommer - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's second quarter 2018 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Gary Huff, CEO of LabCorp Diagnostics; and John Ratliff, CEO of Covance Drug Development. In addition to our press release, we also furnished Form 8-K this morning that includes additional financial information. Both are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com and include a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. Finally, we are making forward-looking statements during today's call. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to 2018 guidance and the related assumptions, the impact of various factors on operating and financial results, and the opportunities for future growth. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2017 Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and in the company's other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you, Scott and good morning. LabCorp delivered another outstanding quarter across our integrated enterprise. The combination of strong organic revenue growth, acquisition contributions, our LaunchPad initiative and the benefits from tax reform powered top line growth of 13% and adjusted EPS growth of 23%. We created value as well through disciplined deployment of our robust free cash flow. In the quarter, we enhanced Covance's offerings through the Sciformix acquisition, returned capital to shareholders through share repurchase, and reduced our leverage to its lowest level since 2015 through debt paydown. In addition, we continue to enhance the focus of our portfolio by agreeing to divest our Food Solutions business at a very attractive valuation. This transaction is expected to close in the third quarter providing additional proceeds to support value creation. Our strong financial performance results from execution on our key strategic initiatives, which in turn leads to profitable growth and stable enterprise margins. I will now update you on our progress on each. Our first strategic objective is to support our customer's transition to value based care. In the quarter, we announced significant multiyear agreements with UnitedHealthcare and Aetna. In both instances, our proven track record of delivering convenient, high quality and cost effective services translated into expanded opportunities and fair reimbursement rates. Furthermore, these partnerships incorporated a broad range of innovative and value based arrangements. We have multiple initiatives underway with our customers to retain United business and capitalize on our growth opportunity with Aetna. As we have said, given the relative size of each company's insured population, we expect the net result to negatively impact revenue and profit next year. Nonetheless, these partnerships reinforce our strong competitive position in the fragmented clinical laboratory market. They also highlight LabCorp's increasingly important role in delivering targeted care to patients through our leadership in population health tools and personalized medicine capabilities. In the quarter, we continued to expand those tools and capabilities through, among other activities, our digital pathology partnership with Philips and the commercial launch of OmniSeq Advance, a precision medicine tool that includes key immunotherapy biomarkers. Our second strategic objective is to enhance the drug development process. We continue to deliver high quality performance on one of the largest backlogs in the industry, demonstrate the value of our differentiated beyond lab, beyond CRO offering to sponsors and invest in expanded solutions to increase trial efficiency and improve the patient experience. During the quarter, we were selected by a top 40 biopharma sponsor with whom we have not collaborated in the past for a dual source strategic partnership. One of the primary reasons the sponsor selected Covance was our strong data and study feasibility solutions. We will provide clinical development and central laboratory services across all therapeutic areas for this customer. Our early development business won a competitive process to become a primary provider strategic partner with a top 10 pharma sponsor. We expect toxicology awards from this sponsor to eventually double from current levels with new awards beginning at the end of this year. These partnerships will ramp over time; neither benefited net orders or book-to-bill in the quarter. In companion diagnostics, we delivered record quarterly revenue and signed a new commercial partnership with Unilabs that will facilitate greater availability of companion diagnostics throughout Europe. Companion diagnostics is a global opportunity and the partnership with Unilabs is the first step in extending our unique companion Dx offering worldwide. We also did continue to invest in the CRO of the future. These investments begin with LaunchPad, which is progressing at a rapid pace and contributed to Covance's 80 basis point margin improvement in the quarter. The global service delivery model we discussed last quarter is up and running, improving quality and optimizing our utilization of resources and infrastructure. At the same time, we added a global preferred site partnerships, incorporated mobile health technologies into traditional studies and enhanced our virtual clinical trial capabilities, highlighted by another key customer adoption of the accelerated suite of technology tools. Each of these opportunities, along with our patient and investigator performance data, represents progress toward better trial design, site selection, patient recruitment and patient experience. Our third strategic objective is to create a leading consumer engagement platform. We continue to enhance patient convenience and engagement, broaden our channel to market and build brand loyalty. We also continue to improve the consumer-friendly tools in our patient service centers and on mobile apps. Our strategic collaboration with Walgreens has expanded to 16 stores with the addition of sites in Florida. We plan to expand this partnership into additional markets this year and are actively discussing ways that we can expand and integrate our combined services. Our consumer platform focuses on meeting consumers where they want to be met and our next innovation will let us reach them at home. We have made significant progress on the validation of our innovative self-collection device, showing strong concordance between test results collected with our device and traditional venous blood draws. The device is currently in beta testing and we remain on track to make it available commercially later this year. Before I turn the call over to Glenn I want to address the recent ransomware event at LabCorp. When our IT team detected suspicious activity on our network, we promptly took certain systems offline. That action was designed first and foremost to protect the private information of the patients we serve. This decision was the right one, although it led to a disruption in service which required approximately one week for recovery. Operations have now returned to normal. Our investigation, which has included highly respected independent forensic IT experts, has found no evidence of theft or misuse of data. We are still assessing the full financial impact of this event. We have incurred costs related to remediation efforts. It is too early to determine the volume impact at this time. We believe the financial impact will not be significant and the company has cyber insurance coverage. As a result, this event does not cause a change in our full year guidance range. Although we have a host of tools to guard against and mitigate this sort of attack the critical components of recovery was our people. They worked long hours with little rest. They demonstrated amazing teamwork to get problems solved. They stayed calm in the face of great adversity. They went the extra mile to help patients and clients in need and they were attentive and responsive to doctors, consumers and partners who needed more information. They did these things because we are here to serve the patients who need us as we have been and always will be. When people ask what makes me proud of LabCorp, I always say it is the passion of my colleagues for what we do. In our nearly 50 years of existence, that passion has never been more sharply in focus than during this incident. Every one of my colleagues stood tall in a time of great challenge and I thank each of them from the bottom of my heart. Because of their commitment to and passion for our mission to improve health and improve lives, LabCorp continues to prosper and to deliver value to everyone who depends on us. Now, I'll turn the call over to over to Glenn.
Glenn Andrew Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you, Dave. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our second quarter results followed by a discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with commentary on our full year outlook. As a reminder, on January 1, 2018, we adopted ASC 606 using the full retrospective method, meaning that we restated our 2017 financial results to better enable the valuation of our 2018 performance and guidance. In the press release, our prepared remarks and the Q&A session to follow, all references to our 2017 results are to the restated numbers unless we specifically note otherwise. Revenue for the quarter was $2.9 billion, an increase of 13.4% over last year, as acquisitions added 10.5%, organic revenue increased 2.1%, and we benefited from foreign currency translation of 80 basis points. Operating income for the quarter was $369 million, or 12.9% of revenue, compared to $330 million or 13% last year. During the quarter we had $36 million of restructuring charges and special items primarily related to acquisitions, integration, our LaunchPad business process improvement initiative and the planned divestiture of the Food Solutions business. Adjusted operating income, which excludes amortization of $59 million, restructuring charges and special items, was $463 million or 16.2% of revenue, compared to $431 million or 17.1% last year. The $32 million increase in adjusted operating income was primarily due to acquisitions, organic revenue growth and savings from our LaunchPad initiative, partially offset by lower Medicare pricing as a result of the implementation of PAMA and personnel costs. The 90 basis point decline in operating margins was due to the implementation of PAMA and the mix impact from the acquisition of Chiltern, which was not in the prior year's results. The tax rate for the quarter was 25.1%, compared to 33.7% last year. The adjusted tax rate, excluding special charges and amortization, was 24.5%, down from 33.6% last year. This lower rate was primarily due to the implementation of tax reform in the U.S. We continue to expect the full-year 2018 adjusted tax rate to be approximately 25%. Strong operational performance and the benefit of tax reform translated into net earnings for the quarter of $234 million or $2.27 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS, which excludes amortization, restructuring charges and other special items, were $2.98 in the quarter, up 23% over last year. Operating cash flow was $367 million in the quarter, up from $311 million a year ago. The increase was due to higher cash earnings and favorable working capital. Capital expenditures totaled $87 million or 3% of revenue, compared to $69 million or 2.7% last year. As a result, free cash flow was $280 million in the quarter, up from $241 million last year. We remained active throughout the quarter in terms of capital allocation. At quarter end, our cash balance was $221 million, down from $362 million at the end of the first quarter. During the quarter, we invested $79 million in acquisitions and repurchased $75 million of stock. As of June 30, we had $994 million of authorization remaining under our share repurchase program. During the quarter, we also paid down $310 million of the company's variable rate term loan. This brought our total debt to $6.5 billion at quarter end, reducing our leverage to 3.1 times gross debt to last 12 months EBITDA at the top end of our target leverage ratio of 2.5 to 3 times. Now, I'll review our segment performance beginning with LabCorp Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $1.8 billion, an increase of 5.4% over last year. The increase in revenue was primarily driven by acquisitions, organic volume measured by requisitions, and the benefit from currency translation of approximately 30 basis points. These favorable items were partially offset by the negative impact from PAMA. Revenue per requisition decreased 0.7% primarily due to the impact of PAMA, partially offset by acquisitions. Total volume increased 5.8%, of which organic volume was 2.8% and acquisition volume was 3%. Note that our acquisitions of Mount Sinai's outreach business and PAML, excluding certain related joint ventures, annualized in May. LabCorp Diagnostics' adjusted operating income for the quarter was $376 million or 20.7% of revenue, compared to $376 million or 21.8% last year. Operating income benefited from organic volume growth and acquisitions, which were essentially offset by the negative impact from PAMA and personnel costs. The decline in operating margin was primarily due to the negative impact from PAMA. Now, I'll review the performance of Covance Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $1.1 billion, an increase of approximately 31% over last year due to acquisitions, organic growth and the benefit from 180 basis points of foreign currency translation. Adjusted operating income for the segment was $123 million or 11.7% of revenue, compared to $89 million or 11% last year. The $35 million increase in operating income and 80 basis point improvement in margins were primarily due to organic demand, LaunchPad savings and acquisitions, partially offset by personnel costs. We are on track to deliver $150 million of net savings from Covance LaunchPad by the end of 2020 and $30 million of cost synergies from the integration of Chiltern by the end of 2019. For the trailing 12 months, net orders were $4.9 billion and net book-to-bill was 1.22. Backlog at the end of the quarter was $9 billion, a decrease of approximately $200 million from last quarter, primarily due to foreign currency translation relating to the stronger U.S. dollar. We expect approximately $3.7 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Now, I'll discuss our 2018 guidance which assumes foreign exchange rates as of June 30 for the remainder of the year and includes the impact from currently anticipated deployment of free cash flow toward acquisitions, share repurchases and debt repayment. In addition, this guidance includes the expected financial impact related to the previously announced divestiture of the Food Solutions business in the third quarter. We expect revenue growth of 10.5% to 11.5% over 2017 revenue of $10.3 billion, which includes the benefit of approximately 50 basis points of currency translation. This is a narrowing of the range as compared to our prior guidance of 10% to 12%, as the increased revenue outlook in Covance Drug Development is offset by the planned divestiture of the Food Solutions business. We expect LabCorp Diagnostics revenue growth of 3% to 4.5% over 2017 revenue of $6.9 billion, which includes the benefit of approximately 20 basis points of currency translation. This is a decrease from our prior guidance of 3.5% to 5.5% due to the planned divestiture of the Food Solutions business. For modeling purposes, the Food Solutions business generated revenue of approximately $150 million in 2017 at margins in line with the Diagnostics segment overall, but at a significantly higher revenue per requisition. We expect Covance Drug Development revenue growth of 23% to 26% over 2017 revenue of $3.5 billion, which includes the benefit of approximately 110 basis points of currency translation. This is an increase over our prior guidance of 21% to 25% due to higher-than-expected investigator fees and other pass-through expenses (sic) [revenues] for which the company will be reimbursed, partially offset by the 120 basis point change in foreign currency translation due to the stronger U.S. dollar. We remain on track to deliver mid to high-single digit organic growth in 2018. Our adjusted EPS guidance is $11.35 to $11.65, a narrowing of the range as compared to our prior guidance of $11.30 to $11.70. Finally, we expect free cash flow to be between $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion, unchanged from our prior guidance. This concludes our formal remarks and we will now take questions. Operator?
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Jack Meehan of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks and good morning. Dave, can you help us put some ranges around what you think the net-net impact of the new UnitedHealth and Aetna relationships will be in 2019? And also what are some of the investments you're going to put in place to try and drive share gains with other payers during this period?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Morning, Jack. I'll make a couple comments on this and ask if Gary has anything further. I think it's not appropriate to talk about ranges of outcomes with United and Aetna because we're not guiding toward 2019 now. I will say that as we have said from the beginning, given the number of covered lives in each of those plans, it is highly likely that yeah, we'll lose more in United than we'll pick up in Aetna. That's not anything against United or against Aetna, it's just the reality is there are more covered lives under United and we have a larger percentage then of that market. So that will have a negative impact on revenue and obviously on profit. And as we always do, we'll look at what are the opportunities to tweak the cost structure to accommodate those changes. In terms of tools for share gain, I think one of the most critical things that we're doing and that we've talked about is all the work we're doing around data and data integration. So the population health tools that we've mentioned, the integration with the Covance data, the data and analytics that we're working on to overlap with Walgreens, for example, with their patient population and the combination of capabilities. And I think the  as we talk with large customers, I saw a couple of them last week, they want to know not only how are my patients doing, where are my gaps in care, what are the opportunities that I have to treat better so that I can receive bonus payments and improve Star Ratings. They also want to know in a health system, for example, how is my patient cohort performing against comparable patient cohorts? How are my physicians performing against comparable physicians both internally and externally? So we are really focused on how we use the data tools to enhance our offerings. In conjunction with that, the whole digital opportunity, so the mobile approximately, the increasing reach to consumers, the self check-in in patient service centers, the realtime email feedback on the patient experience, which allows us to not only do Net Promoter calculations but also to do, literally, contemporaneous improvements of the patient experience, and again, thinking about how we integrate those opportunities and experiences with our partners during the check-in process at Walgreens, for example, or using the Walgreens mobile app and the LabCorp app together. So these are all things that we're talking about working towards as we think about how can we enhance our opportunities to create brand identification and gain share with the consumer, with the health system, with the physician beyond our traditional sales mechanisms. Gary, anything you would like to add to that?
Gary M. Huff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, I would like to say that, first of all, we look at the Aetna and UnitedHealthcare as an opportunity for us and it really comes down to organizational execution of a plan. I would like to say that we have an extensive plan. We are mobilized and we're prepared to execute on that plan.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's great. And Dave, a lot of your color, it's a good lead into the next question I had for you and John, which is just can you update us on any progress you'd made rolling out the check-in tool and getting patients to opt-in for Covance? And just related to that, some of the progress you made on the expanded strategic relationships, did they have any impact on the timing of bookings in the quarter?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well I'll start with the check-in tool. So a couple of things on that. One is that the database of patients who have opted in to be contacted continues to grow. I think more important, after consideration and review of how we engage with patients, we have a significant opportunity to engage with patients through the collection of email addresses at self check-in, the billing process, so we have a very, very large base of email addresses. And we will be using those as well to communicate with patients about their interest in trial opportunities and to solicit their consent for opt-in. So the number of patients who are coming and checking is just a subset of the people that we'll be communicating with about how can they opt into trials. And we're actually enthused about that opportunity for a lot of reasons, not only because, look, trial criteria tend to be quite narrow and it's not  even patients who are interested are not always eligible, but when you think about the number of patients who come and see us and whose email addresses we collect and who pay our bills, we have a enormous opportunity to capitalize on what we've talked about as sort of next generation trials, so virtual trials, virtual control alarms, observational studies, our market access business, all simply through the LabCorp data that we have and the ability to communicate with those customers on behalf of Covance. So that's where we are on the opt-in on the database and we continue to see very strong progress there. And I'll turn it over to John in terms of the impact of data on the bookings.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: As the integration into Drug Development has matured, we're looking at that data capability as really an important factor necessary to be successful. We've now exceeded $1 billion in awards where our data capabilities have facilitated the selection of Covance. We expect to exceed the cumulative revenue of $150 million through 2018, higher than our initial estimate tied to the acquisition. We now have demonstrated, as we did even on the Investor and Analyst Day, case studies that showcase the realtime demonstrations of the really actionable nature of these unique assets. I'm sure we'll get into the bookings of the quarter, but clearly, the strategic partnerships and, as Dave even noted, the clinical partnership was enabled through our data capabilities in the clinical space to a top 40 sponsor. And then finally in terms of data, we've been able to demonstrate through our central lab data on how we have compared to the industry on the timing of oncology studies as an example, where we finished our oncology studies anywhere from three to five months earlier than our competition. So clearly, data and our capability there is facilitating a winning environment for Covance.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, thanks very much. Good morning, Dave. I just wanted to follow up with some of your comments around what's happening in the managed care market today. As we think about this, I understand that, clearly, United is bigger than Aetna, but how do we think about the shift to the large national players like yourselves and Quest? One, how do you think you're differentiated from Quest? And two, within the new contracts, is there any even bigger opportunity to continue to move market share away from the regional labs? And as we think about that, you talked a lot about data and analytics, population health tools, how do we think about value based care, and how you potentially can be paid around value based offerings and enhancements to the current contract around any kind of value based initiative?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, Lisa. So both the United contract and the Aetna contract contained value based care initiatives and some value based care commitments. And without going into an enormous amount of detail, suffice it to say there is opportunity for us in revenue if we can redirect work away from higher cost providers. I will say the reality is we cannot do that ourselves. There are many reasons why lab work goes to higher cost providers. Many health systems are very insistent the doctors send their work to their own captive laboratories. They do things like telling us that we can't have an interface to return results electronically, so everything has to go back on fax, which is inconvenient for the doctor in terms of putting that information into the medical record. So there are structural obstacles, but there are things that we and our managed care partners are working on, including things like benefit design to redirect work from out of network to in network laboratories and other initiatives that will help support our benefiting from value based care initiatives. In terms of the overall market and market opportunity for large nationals versus regionals and health systems, it's still a highly fragmented market. We have a strong competitive position, which is founded on convenience, quality, service and cost effectiveness. And we continue to build out that infrastructure with initiatives like the LabCorp-Walgreens, the home testing and other ways in which we engage with and reach the consumer where the consumer wants to be met. So we feel that we're extremely well positioned in the market competitively and we're going to continue to work on ways that we can not only provide value to the health system and provide value to the physician, but gain the identification with the consumer as a trusted provider of more than numbers on a piece of paper but a trusted provider of knowledge about my health condition and how I can manage it better.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And how do we think about your competitive position against the other national provider? Is there something that you feel that you have differentiated in the marketplace, or is this just more of we believe there's two big national providers who are fairly comparable and the real opportunity is to move it away from the regional players that you just talked about?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I think if you look at performance, the market clearly sees differentiation. That's why we are gaining organic volume. That's why we're moving forward with key initiatives. That's why we're leading in innovation. I think if you compare the tools that are being offered to the patient, our tools are measurably better. They're measurably more convenient. And if you look at the population health tools that we're offering to health systems and physicians and the kinds of collaboration that we're doing, we see ourselves as differentiated. And my view is the market is telling us the same thing.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And I don't want to beat this to death, but if we look at their organic growth in this quarter versus yours, are you saying that you believe that the market's saying  with the organic growth nearly 2 times what theirs were in the quarter, that's the market showing the difference between LabCorp and Quest, or is it your customer mix? I just want to understand as we think about going into 2019 and some of the shifts in the contracting.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, look, I never say that we're gaining share because it's so difficult to determine and I just don't think there's a reliable measure for it. Our organic volume speaks for itself. It was very strong in the quarter again. It was strong across all lines of testing and all areas of testing and so the market is telling us what the market is telling us and I leave it to others to interpret what that means. Again, Lisa, I appreciate the detail or the persistence on the topic but one of the important things to remember as you think about 2019 is we are the network that is opening to our competitor, which is United, has more covered lives than the network that's opening to us which is Aetna. So the impact, invariably, is we will lose more with United than we will gain with Aetna, and that will have an impact on revenue and profitability for us. So all of the positives are there and the market is telling us that positives are working. But when you think about 2019, you have to realize that the numbers say what they say, which is we'll bear a greater burden in terms of share loss than our competitor will just because of covered lives in the contracts.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Coldwell of Baird. Your line is now open.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, thanks very much. First one is, I was just hoping I could get the CROs true growth, the organic constant currency growth? Or maybe stated differently, if you can give us the M&A contribution, because I think we already have FX.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah. We have this high-single digit growth on the organic side, Eric, in terms of the CRO, and are on track to have that on the full year with respect to the legacy "Covance."
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. And can I get the M&A dollars, please?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: We're not delineating that out in terms of the segments, Eric.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then on the book-to-bill, realize there is a big FX adjustment in here. Can you talk about what the book-to-bill would have been on a constant currency basis? And also I know in your 8-K you talk about the ASC 605 book-to-bill on a trailing 12-month basis. I don't think we have all of the pieces to pull together what the  or not book-to-bill, but what the trailing 12-month is. I don't think we can do the quarter because we don't have ASC 605 basis revenue, but I was hoping you could give that to us as well.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: We delineated out in the 8-K the ASC 605 versus ASC 606. Why don't I just take the opportunity, Eric, to address the booking pipeline at the same time and then hopefully that gives you at least some granularity being a little proactive and talk about even some of the segments. Fair enough?
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, yeah.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: We had, with respect to the pipeline, very strong pipeline of opportunities. We still see that. It's actually the highest level that I've seen since my time at Covance in the central labs in early development; and even the clinical side is up versus last quarter. As Dave talked about, the competition, strategic partnerships, the dual source award with top 40 biopharma sponsor was really in part due to our data capabilities on the clinical side, selecting in the early development. He also chatted a little bit about the primary provider that we were selected as with current top 10 pharma where we should double the awards over time. And then, finally, we then had and agreed to extension of the sole source central lab award with the top 10 pharma sponsors. That actually took an award that we had from three years with an optional two, to five years with an optional two. Seven-year sole source deals are a beautiful thing. It's probably (39:15) anyone, but we're seeing no bookings from those partnerships now ramp over the next year, plus some bookings did shift from Q2 to Q3. That's not uncommon. That's why we focus on really the trailing 12-month period. And speaking from about 15 years of experience in this piece of the business, 1.24 times on a ASC 605 basis or 1.22 times on a ASC 606 basis trailing 12 months, especially when you have an early development business, is a strong result. So in terms of the clarity on the book-to-bills and hopefully between what I stated as well as what's in the 8-K that you can get to the math on what you're trying to get to.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah, it truly sounds encouraging. I mean, you guys sound upbeat in your prepared remarks as well as here and you've given us a lot of good anecdotes about future awards, but just when you go from a 1.34 to 1.24 times...
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah, I'm positive. I like my business. I like my industry. The industry in general based on the FDA approvals, based on the biotech funding, based on our now with Chiltern acquisition, participating in that segment, all those are positives in my evaluation. And I know that there is some debate on internal versus external. I've seen that over a decade here in terms of the ins and outs, but bottom line is we're seeing penetration to the CRO business increasing. And there is plenty of surveys out there to demonstrate that.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah, I really appreciate all the comments. I guess my point is, what I'm trying to get to is, the quarter itself was a weak quarter for bookings it looks like. Some of that was currency adjustment, which we appreciate. We factored that in. But when your trailing 12-month book-to-bill goes from a 1.34 to a 1.24 times, that's a 0.4 times impact from the quarter alone compared to the trailing 12-month average the prior quarter. So I just want to know what was weak this quarter. I can fully appreciate the comments on what's going to drive the future.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: From the standpoint of the performance, it was pretty consistent across businesses. Early development had level of strength. And then on the clinical and central lab side, we saw clearly some level of shifting from a Q2 to a Q3. Not uncommon, but did happen within those segments.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. Thanks very much. I appreciate the comments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Good morning, guys. I maybe just want to follow-up on that quickly with just a qualifier. So normally when you sort of go through the process of re-signing a larger strategic relationship, et cetera, is it possible you see some delay relative to that? Or possibly in a given Q, awards may not come around a certain strategic, whereas they may be lumpy in a later part of the year which is I think what you're kind of suggesting around 3Q. I just want to sort of understand that because it seems like if there was a key partner you renewed with, that would sort of be a relevant explanation.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: It is. But at the same time, we're on a contract basis. So when we get these big strategic partnerships, we're not taking those into bookings until the program underneath that partnership actually gets transacted in a contract. So you'll see that through time. You'll see that in terms of moving to startup and then into full recruitment.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: And it's Dave. Just to add a little color to that. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, two major things we talked about are significant accomplishments, but the awards won't start to ramp until next year. So you will see those in future awards. You're not seeing them now. The other thing is, to Eric's point, when you think about a trailing 12, obviously, it's not just the current quarter that has the impact. If a strong earlier quarter falls off and you have a less strong current quarter, you're going to see a kind of a double whammy in terms of a trailing 12. So I think it's important to recognize that it's not all a one quarter impact when you're looking at the trailing 12-month number.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: That's helpful Dave. And maybe just quickly on the lab business, you've had a boost from consumer genomics for a while. There was an interesting announcement this morning with GSK and 23andMe. It seems to be sort of expanding the profile. I guess what are your sort of thoughts on where that business is going and kind of your play there. It seems like it's been a nice additive to your growth overall in the lab.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Absolutely. We have a terrific collaboration with 23andMe. We think of them as important strategic collaborators. We spend a lot of time with them talking about, just as we do with our other partners, about other things that we can do together. And they continue to be a nice component of our organic growth, but also a thought partner for what we do with data how we better engage consumers how we build that brand association.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Excellent. Thanks Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great, thanks. I'm curious kind of how you view your sort of position now in Covance in some of the faster growing areas of the CRO market, whether it be or FSP or real-world evidence, now how are you positioned with Chiltern as well as I think you did a recent bolt-on acquisition in the late stage post approval area. I guess should these bolt-on deals continuing in the CRO space? And I noticed you did expedite that Chiltern synergy capture. I guess could you elaborate on that impetus for that? Thanks.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. We feel good with our positions with respect to the FSP, the real-world evidence, the biotech late stage areas. The Chiltern acquisition, we did move up. We are in the very, very final stages of that integration. Organization's done, leaderships picked, best of the best, that all has actually happened. We have now intertwined the organization with respect to processes, et cetera. The only thing truly, the long poles in the tent, if you want to call it that, or system integrations that actually are flowing through now, July/August. So we see that as materially complete. That has added real strength in terms of the FSP areas. We had significant monitoring skill on the legacy Covance clinical. And now with the biometrics skill of the Chiltern organization, that now allows us to go to the enterprise and bid on the enterprise and in fact involve in terms of with those opportunities now through the second half. Clearly, on the biotech stage that has enhanced our capabilities. Ever since I've been here, Covance has ticked up from the high-teens in terms of the 16% to kind of 18% levels to now 30% of our revenue is from the biotech area. So real strength there that came from the Chiltern acquisition. Obviously, on the data side, we talked a bit about that earlier, building out that post-marketing real-world evidence areas. We believe in our data solution and that strengthened our later stage capabilities, so a little bit about our position.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, great. And then a quick follow-up, how is Walgreens progressing? And would you say it's progressing according to plan? And when do you think we'll get meaningful contributions from that effort? And then taking that a step further, how could you potentially leverage the Walgreens relationship across Covance as well with potentially a greater focus on virtual trials? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah, I think  it's Dave. And obviously, we continue to expand the footprint. We will be opening more stores and entering new locations throughout this year. We see the Walgreens partnership as a valuable new channel for reaching consumers. And we have collected quite a bit of data showing that not only are these  are many of these patients new to LabCorp, but there are also patients who don't typically shop at Walgreens. We also have data showing that many of the patients are filling a prescription at the same time they're getting their lab work done. So the theses on which we went into this which is we want to be in retail, we want to create engagement with the consumer and we want to be in a health care environment are all valid. In terms of integration of capabilities with Covance, I think, I mentioned that earlier in the comments with response to Jack's question. But the creation of large databases of patients, knowing their disease condition and what drugs they're taking is very valuable in terms of virtual trials. It also can be valuable in terms of virtual controls arms for trials where patients are following one course of treatment as opposed to being in the trial course of treatment. There's a substantial amount of opportunity to benefit both the enterprise and the individual businesses from Walgreens. And we have continuing and in-depth and extensive conversations with them about what our key priorities are and how we can accelerate.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. Maybe just one on the lab side, looking at the revenue per requisition trends, obviously, the first decline there in a while. Certainly understand PAMA as a headwind, but can you just talk through the dynamics there and then also your confidence level and drivers for improvement moving forward?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah, it's Dave. So I think you broke up a little bit but I think your question was revenue per requisition. And so let me start by saying that the PAMA impact on revenue per acquisition more than accounted for the total decline. Okay, so if we take PAMA out, revenue per acquisition would have been up. The other factors that have an impact on revenue per requisition are acquisitions, obviously; test mix, and inside the test mix, as we have said a number of times, 23andMe is a highly valuable strategic collaboration for us. It is at a lower price point than our average price point and therefore it mixes us down even though it contributes to volume. So I will say also that pricing on the managed care front from our perspective is stable. We're not seeing pricing headwinds for managed care. And obviously, the pricing impact of United and Aetna, which we've talked about previously, wouldn't take effect until the first of next year so that would not have any impact on price. So to recap, and then I'll ask Glenn if any further comments, but to recap, if you back PAMA out of the equation, price would have been up.
Glenn Andrew Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I think you've covered it, Dave.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then maybe just one on capital allocation. The M&A consolidation story on the lab industry side may have been a bit slower to develop than anticipated. So can you just talk through the pipeline there, any acceleration in conversations with hospitals as PAMA squeezes margins a bit more as the year progresses?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. So the M&A pipeline is robust and healthy and there are a number of interesting opportunities. Obviously, we evaluate every opportunity based on our key metrics which are accretion, recovering our cost of capital within three years, return on invested capital, strategic fit, so all of the factors that we have enumerated before. In terms of hospitals and health systems, we take the view that we are interested in broad strategic partnerships with key anchor systems, so Providence St. Joseph, Novant, Mount Sinai PAML. These are deals that take time to materialize but they're more than just we take over a lab and manage the laboratory. There are deals that include data, they include pathology, they include reference testing, they include a whole range of services. And we have a significant number of health system opportunities on the table in front of us but again, it's difficult to predict what the timing is. I will say I think there  earlier in the year, as we commented on the first quarter call, there was some  yeah, everybody was trying to getting used to the impact of PAMA and what was it going to mean. And I think we're seeing that people are seeing the consequences and they are thinking about what their strategic options might be with their lab assets.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe of Citi. Your line is now open.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. I joined a little bit late, so I apologize if you did go through this, but Quest yesterday specifically called out pressure in hep C, vitamin D and drug monitoring. Dave, I guess based on your commentary earlier, it sounded like you said your organic growth was strong across all categories. So, one, I just wanted to sort of call out and see if you saw any of these pressures within those categories. And then they specifically cited policy changes and higher denials that sounded sort of more macro than company-specific. Again, are you just sort of not seeing it or can you give us any color within those categories? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thanks, Ralph. So even though we're getting close to the top of the hour, I do want to spend a couple of minutes on this because I think it's created some uncertainty across the industry, which I don't think is merited. So, first of all, I think it's important that we distinguish between volume and revenue. So policy changes and denials do not affect volume, they affect revenue. Now I could say with respect to all three of those test categories: hepatitis C, vitamin D and medical drug monitoring, that our volume for each of those three categories of tests was up in the quarter, and medical drug monitoring was up substantially in the quarter. So that's volume. Now, revenue, we are seeing, as we have seen for years, more and more limited coverage policies, restrictive payment policies, preauthorization policies implemented by payers in an effort to control their lab spend. We don't agree with those policies. Many of those policies, particularly in medical drug monitoring, are aimed at curbing fraud and abuse but they are using blunt instruments that affect compliant players like us and Quest just as much as they affect the non-compliant players. So we are seeing more denials and those denials affect revenue and so they slow revenue growth. And obviously, they also have an impact on write-offs and bad debt. But we did not see volume declines in any of those areas, and in fact, we saw volume increases in all three. I will say specifically with a comment on hepatitis C genotyping, yes, we did see a decline in hepatitis C genotyping, but hepatitis C genotyping is a very small fraction of our total hepatitis C portfolio and is not something that would have a significant impact on our volume overall. And to recapitulate, total hepatitis C volume was up in the quarter in any event. So I hope that helps in terms of verification, Ralph, with how we saw those tests performing.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes that's helpful. And then just one more quick one, with the Walgreen relationship, it sounds like you've been pretty happy with the relationship to this point. Is there sort of a gating factor of a much broader and kind of wider expansion?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: The only gating factor is store selection and build-out, and we are far down the road in the process of talking about a significant expansion of the partnership.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard of Deutsche. Your line is now open.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Another product-specific question on the lab side. Can you update us on the trends in your NIPT business, the sizing of that and how you're thinking about the potential for expansion of average-risk coverage? Thank you.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah, I'll start and then Gary's probably closer to it. NIPT is growing nicely. The Sequenom acquisition was terrific complement to our NIPT portfolio, and we continue to see strong volume growth there as well as across women's health. In terms of average-risk, I think there was some optimism that the physician groups will come out with a stronger statement in favor of average-risk screening, which I think did not happen in their last meeting. But I think the support of the physician groups for non-invasive prenatal testing of average-risk patients is growing. And, over time, we expect to see better payer coverage of that test or that utilization of the test. Gary, anything further to add there?
Gary M. Huff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I'd just say one thing in regards to the NIPT testing, we are seeing good growth there and it is a great complement to our industry-leading women's health portfolio. So as we continue to leverage and drive our women's health growth, it's a key component. And we see the reimbursement landscape becoming more promising.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Ricky, please check your mute button. Again, Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Let's just go to the next question, please.
Operator: All right. Our next question is Kevin Ellich of Craig-Hallum. Your line is now open.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Hey, Dave. Just two quick questions. A lot's been talked about. Organic growth is pretty strong; did you guys quantify how much contribution came from 23andMe?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Kevin, good morning. We did not quantify how much came from 23andMe. I would say, obviously, it's a strong contributor. Quarter-over-quarter, it was less of a contributor to organic growth than the prior quarter. So, sequentially, it was less meaningful to the organic growth than 1Q.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Understood. Thank you. And then, Glenn, capital expenditures, we saw a little increase. Free cash flow guidance was maintained. Just wondering how we should think about CapEx going forward. Are there any big things we should be looking for?
Glenn Andrew Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Kevin, we're pretty much tracking where we thought. When we gave our original guidance, we talked about around a 3.5% of revenue spend this year which would be higher than the past years if we see good opportunities to invest for the growth of the business. But we're tracking pretty much on that which is why we're maintaining our guidance range.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Donald Hooker of KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Donald H. Hooker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. So one question kind of maybe at a high level. Curious if you're kind of a few years into the Covance acquisition now, are you seeing any pull-through from the early development business at Covance to the late stage business? And kind of what are your thoughts around the synergy of owning both of those businesses?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: This is John. In terms of we are seeing pull-through. We are seeing pull-through in terms of from the tox business, the BioA business into our clin pharm [clinical pharmacology] Phase I areas. That's what we're actually tracking. We have seen that increase. Well, we are and have put in place a organization to actually move that from the early development stage into the Phase I clin pharm areas and then move that then up into the II, III, IV. Obviously, in terms of there is some falloff in terms of  this is clinical research, products do get rejected in that early development stage. But we have a group now of scientists that actually do a level of due diligence in terms of the early development on how that should then be pushed into either our BioA CMC areas or clin pharm areas, and we are seeing upticks in terms of those businesses. It is a clear differentiator. We are the only CRO that actually does all three.
Donald H. Hooker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks. Two quick ones for me. Dave, just speaking to the structural obstacles to move more lab business in network, can you talk a little bit about how long you see before that happens? And presumably this is some sort of step function over several years. And then I have a quick follow-up. Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. One of the structural obstacles is plans that have an out-of-network benefit. So if I'm an employer and I have a plan that pays 50% of billed charges or 70% of usual and customary for out-of-network and you have non-compliant behavior by out-of-network labs where they're willing to write off patient responsibility, they can do pretty well at 50% of billed charges and writing off the balance. And until we have changes in benefit design, there is really nothing that we or Quest or anybody else can do to bring that work into the network. So this is not something that's going to happen overnight, Bill. It's a great question and it's going to require a sustained effort on the part of the managed care industry, employers and healthcare providers to encourage compliant behavior and to encourage benefit design and structural setups that reward patients for bringing their work into the network.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay, got it. And then just a quick clarification, appreciate the rev rec was up excluding PAMA, can you separate specifically what PAMA was in terms of the negative effect on rev rec? Thanks.
Glenn Andrew Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah, Bill. This is Glenn. What we've said is that the impact from PAMA for the full year would be around $70 million, and that would be pretty pro rata over the period of time. So I think you can get to that. Whereas Dave said, you get to roughly around, call it, 100 basis points. So of the 70 basis point decline, the negative impact from PAMA really accounted for more than the decline year-over-year.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amanda Murray (sic) [Murphy] of William Blair. Your line is now open.
Max Smock - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. This is actually Max on for Amanda. Thank you for taking my question. Just a few quick ones for me.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No, no, no, no, no, two. Two is what you get. Two quick ones. We're 10 past the hour.
Max Smock - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got you. Yeah, I was  just limit it to two. Just a quick one on 23andMe. I was wondering if you were seeing any slowdown in terms of volume now that you've moved past the holiday season into the back half of the year?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I think that's a question better directed to 23andMe than it is us, it's not our position to kind of comment on their volume trends.
Max Smock - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Appreciate that color. And then moving to Covance and a little bit about your updated guidance, I was wondering  we talked a little bit about the shift towards the late stage, I was wondering how much of that increase in guidance was just kind of pull-through of the existing backlog as maybe opposed to an increase in sales?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: It's truly, Max, it would be in the clinical late stage, but it was more so because of an uptick in the pass-through investigator fees, a little bit offset by currency, but it would be in that clinical stage, but it was much more so in that pass-through, investigator fees.
Max Smock - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi, can you hear me now?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yes.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Sorry for that before. So Dave, I wanted to go back to a comment that you made when you talked about revenue per requisition. And specifically you said that the pricing impact from United and Aetna will not take effect until next year. So on the impact from United and Aetna, we get a lot of questions from investors on how should we think about the pricing component of these relationships. So when you talk about 2019 and about the financial impact, can you just clarify whether this is merely a reflection of your expectations for volumes, or is price a factor as well?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: So as we said at the time of the renewal, we were very pleased with the pricing of both. And as we also said, we had discussed during the negotiations that if the United contract opened up that we would expect a price increase, and we said we were very pleased with the outcome of the discussion. So I'll leave you to draw the inference. I'll leave you to draw your own conclusions from that. With respect to how we see the impact next year, the impact will be lost volume and that will be the revenue and the profitability impact. We're not factoring price as a contributor to how we balance out the United loss versus the Aetna gain.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. That's very helpful. And then just a follow-up there, in terms of the volume, can you maybe give us  I know that you say that it's too early to talk about the volume cadence in 2009. But maybe you can give us some perspective to go back to 2007, how long did it take you to pick up share back then? And what might be different or not this time around that is just going to help us with that framework?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I think you and I maybe were the only ones around in 2007, Ricky, so we have the only memories. So first of all let me just say 2007, different situation because we were both in network with United prior to the change in January of 2007. So in 4Q of 2006, LabCorp was a network. Quest was a network, but United has made the announcement in October that the contract would be switching over. We saw a very significant movement of volume in the fourth quarter of 2006 leading into the first quarter of 2007. So the impact was pretty substantial in 4Q 2006, pretty substantial in 1Q 2007 and then it tapered off. This time our competitor is not in the network in 4Q of 2018. So consequently, we don't expect volume to shift in 4Q of 2018, because if it does shift, what will happen is, first of all, United will see an increase because of the out-of-network rates. Second of all, patients will see an increase in patient responsibility, so that would put the patient in the middle and that's obviously not, I think, anybody's goal here. So we don't expect significant movement in the fourth quarter of 2018, which means that what's going to move will probably largely move in the first quarter of 2019 and then somewhat in the second quarter, but we certainly expect the bulk of the impact to be in the first half of 2019.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions. I'd like to hand the call back to Dave King for any closing remarks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, again, we're very pleased with the performance of the quarter. Very appreciative again to our colleagues of the outstanding performance in our ransomware situation and appreciate you joining us for the call this morning. Wish you good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. That does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Frommer - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings Gary M. Huff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings
Analysts: Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Tyler L. Etten - Piper Jaffray & Co. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Rohan Abrol - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2018 LabCorp earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference Scott Frommer, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Scott Frommer - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's first quarter 2018 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Gary Huff, CEO of LabCorp Diagnostics; and John Ratliff, CEO of Covance Drug Development. In addition to our press release, we also furnished Form 8-K this morning that includes additional financial information. Both are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com and include a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. Finally, we are making forward-looking statements during today's call. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to statements with respect to 2018 guidance and the related assumptions, the impact of various factors on operating and financial results, and the opportunities for future growth. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2017 Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and in the company's other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. We are off to an impressive start in 2018, once again demonstrating the power of our integrated growth platform. The combination of accelerating organic revenue growth and drug development, strong organic growth in diagnostics despite headwinds from PAMA and weather, and acquisition contributions from both businesses yielded year-over-year revenue growth of 18%. This top line performance along with the benefits from our LaunchPad initiative and tax reform translated into adjusted EPS growth of 31%. We expanded margins significantly in Covance and held them for the enterprise. In addition, we fully deployed our free cash flow through share repurchases and a one-time bonus payment to non-bonus-eligible colleagues as a result of tax reform. We are very pleased with our operating performance during the quarter. Our results reflect the adoption of the new revenue recognition accounting standard, ASC 606. Although ASC 606 has no impact on our cash flow, we estimate that it will lower our full year 2018 adjusted EPS by approximately $0.20 to $0.30, which Glenn will discuss in more detail. I want to stress that we are nevertheless maintaining our full year guidance despite this development because our strong first quarter performance, outlook for the balance of the year and progress on key strategic initiatives give us confidence that we will overcome this impact, which is merely due to the accounting change. As we said early in the year, to achieve our guidance, we are relentlessly focused on execution of three priorities: driving profitable growth, integrating key acquisitions and optimizing enterprise margins. We are driving profitable growth by capitalizing on strong customer demand for our differentiated capabilities and strategically investing in new offerings for future growth. In Drug Development, our investments in people, solutions, technology, therapeutic expertise and infrastructure are resonating with our customers. The objective evidence is another quarter of strong net orders and book-to-bill. Independent evidence comes from a survey of biopharma customers conducted by the Life Science Strategy Group and William Blair, in which Covance was recognized as far away the most improved CRO over the past year. As John Ratliff memorably told me last year, quite simply, we are winning in the market. In Diagnostics, our focus on Women's Health and Medical Drug Monitoring as well as our strategic collaboration with 23andMe contributed to market-leading organic growth. The increased volume helped mitigate the impact from lower reimbursement rates related to PAMA. There are multiple growth opportunities in Diagnostics and we will continue to deploy capital judiciously to maximize the return on our growth investments. Our second priority for 2018 is integrating key acquisitions flawlessly. The integration of Chiltern is largely complete, benefiting customers of both Chiltern and Covance. We have preserved the high-touch customized experience that Chiltern's biotech and emerging pharma customers require while strengthening both Chiltern and Covance's scale, therapeutic expertise and capabilities. In Diagnostics, we continue to demonstrate the value of our be selective and go deep strategy as partnerships with major health systems such as Mount Sinai and PAML expand to new services and initiatives. Our third priority in 2018 is optimizing our enterprise margins. Besides profitable revenue growth and acquisition integration, our LaunchPad improvement process initiative in both businesses is critical to achieving this goal. LaunchPad centers on fundamentally reengineering service delivery to improve the customer experience while sustainably enhancing margins. During the quarter, we opened a Covance central delivery center in Bangalore, India, an important milestone toward expanding our global service delivery model. Global service delivery enhances our proficiencies by standardizing processes and procedures, automating workflows and creating a global platform to reduce expenses and support long-term growth. The impact of Covance LaunchPad is clear in significant Covance margin improvement versus last year. In addition to focusing on these three 2018 priorities, we are also capitalizing on long-term growth opportunities provided by our powerful combination of leading Diagnostics and Drug Development businesses. At our Investor and Analyst Day in February, we identified three strategic initiatives  supporting our customers' transition to value-based care, enhancing the drug development process and creating a leading consumer engagement platform. I will now discuss highlights of these areas during the quarter. We entered into a comprehensive laboratory collaboration with Appalachian Regional Healthcare, an 11-hospital health system in Kentucky and West Virginia. We expanded our relationship with Mount Sinai to consolidate all of their reference work and streamline their inpatient labs. We delivered another quarter of strong double-digit growth in companion diagnostics, and Covance's backlog in this area now exceeds $300 million. We continue to offer customers the unique ability to develop companion diagnostics as lab-developed tests or in collaboration with manufacturers as IVDs [In-Vitro Diagnostics]. We are in the process of finalizing an arrangement to offer companion diagnostics globally to meet the requirements of our biopharma customers who wish to sell their medicines outside the United States. We announced a strategic technology agreement with GlaxoSmithKline that covers several Xcellerate modules on a Software-as-a-Service basis including Covance's proprietary risk-based monitoring solution. This software allows sponsors to strategically guide site monitoring resources from trial commencement to completion. We announced the next step in our LabCorp Walgreens initiative with the opening of 10 patient service centers in Walgreens stores in Florida. Physician and consumer response to the LabCorp Walgreens experience has been outstanding, and we continue to attract new patients to these sites. This quarter, we expect to bring our testing services to consumers' homes through our innovative at-home self-collection testing device. This device will be validated to provide results equivalent to a venous blood draw, assuring LabCorp quality and reliability in another new channel. LabCorp Express, our differentiated consumer checking kiosk, is now available in more than 600 patient service centers. Feedback on this proprietary tool continues to be extremely positive, and we remain on track to install the capability in all of our patient service centers by year end. We released the LabCorp patient mobile app for download by consumers at various app stores as an additional option to the currently available Patient Portal. These innovations increase consumer engagement, capture more accurate demographic and insurance information, and create efficiencies in patient service center workflow. In closing, we are off to a terrific start in 2018. Through sharp focus on our key priorities in Diagnostics and Drug Development combined with important strategic accomplishments, we delivered impressive growth and continued to create shareholder value. We are the world's largest laboratory by revenue and global reach, but we are more than the world's largest laboratory. We are a global leader in life sciences. We offer real solutions beyond lab and beyond CRO, and we provide unique and differentiated value to consumers, physicians, health systems, managed care, and biopharma partners. We could not accomplish these things without the commitment and contributions of nearly 60,000 colleagues around the globe. They dedicate themselves every day to our mission to improve health and improve lives and make all of our current and future successes possible. We are all confident that the future ahead is bright. Now, I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you, Dave. My comments today will focus on the company's first quarter results as well as provide an update on our 2018 guidance. However, I'll start off with a discussion of the new revenue recognition accounting standard, ASC 606, given its impact on our numbers. On January 1, 2018, we adopted ASC 606 using the full retrospective method, meaning that we restated our 2017 financial results to better enable evaluation of our 2018 performance and guidance. In the press release, our prepared remarks, and the Q&A session to follow, all references to our 2017 results are to the restated numbers unless we specifically advise you otherwise. In the back of the press release, we provided tables that include our full-year 2017 results as well as our first quarter 2018 and 2017 results under both ASC 606 and the prior accounting standard, ASC 605. We also provided additional related information on Form 8-K furnished this morning. As you can see from the tables, the net impact for the enterprise is that the company's full-year 2017 revenues increased by $102 million, or 1%, compared to the prior accounting standard. Our adjusted operating income decreased $56 million or 3% from the prior accounting standard because the inclusion of investigator fees and other pass-through expenses changes the underlying percentage of completion calculation used to recognize revenue. The new accounting standard has the effect of deferring these earnings into future periods. As a result, earnings per share in 2017 decreased $0.35 or 4%. There was no impact on cash flow. Furthermore, ASC 606 affects our businesses differently. For Diagnostics, the new standard requires us to treat bad debt as a reduction to revenue rather than as an SG&A expense, meaning our revenue is lower but our operating income does not change. Our reported margins therefore are higher. Specifically, as seen in the table in the back of the press release, for the first quarter, revenue under current accounting was lower by $85 million compared to the prior accounting method. There was no change in operating income. And as a result, margins are now 90 basis points higher. For Drug Development, the new standard requires us to add investigator fees and other pass-through expenses to both revenue and expense. As a result of the increases in both revenue and expense, our reported margins are lower. In addition, these investigator fees and other pass-through expenses, which are tied to our clinical services business, now affect the timing of revenue recognition over the life of the contracts because these expenses tend to be incurred later in the contract life. To be clear, the total earnings of the contracts do not change, only the timing of when they are recognized. We have reviewed all of the Drug Development business's contracts, more than 800 that are affected by this new standard. For the first quarter, Drug Development revenues under current accounting increased by $196 million compared to the prior accounting method. Operating income decreased by $7 million, resulting in a 300 basis point decline in margin. Putting it all together, our consolidated revenue in the first quarter increased by $110 million or 4% compared to the prior accounting standard, while our operating income declined by $7 million or 1%, resulting in lower adjusted EPS of $0.05 or 2%. To wrap up on the accounting discussion, a couple of key points worth noting. First, although the numbers look a bit different, the company's strong operating performance and its improving trends year over year are clear under both accounting methodologies. Second, ASC 606 has no impact on cash flow. With that, I'll review our first quarter results. Revenue for the quarter was $2.8 billion, an increase of 18% over last year, as acquisitions added 13.4%, organic revenue increased 3.2%, and we benefited from foreign currency translation of 150 basis points. Operating income for the quarter was $305 million or 10.7% of revenue compared to $318 million or 13.2% last year. During the quarter, we had $68 million of restructuring charges and special items primarily related to acquisition integration and the one-time bonus to non-bonus-eligible employees due to the benefit from tax reform. Adjusted operating income, which excludes amortization, restructuring charges, and special items, was $436 million or 15.3% of revenue compared to $377 million or 15.6% last year. The $59 million increase in adjusted operating income was primarily due to acquisitions, organic revenue growth, and savings from our LaunchPad business process improvement initiative, partially offset by lower Medicare reimbursement as a result of the implementation of PAMA [Protecting Access to Medicare Act]. The 30 basis point decline in operating margin was due to the mix impact from acquisitions. The tax rate for the quarter was 28.6% compared to 30.9% last year. The adjusted tax rate excluding special charges and amortization was 22.9%, down from 31.3% last year. This lower rate was due to the implementation of tax reform in the U.S. We continue to expect the full year 2018 adjusted tax rate to be approximately 25%, as the first quarter rate of 22.9% came in as expected due to the benefit of stock vesting. Strong operational performance and the benefit of tax reform translated into net earnings for the quarter of $173 million or $1.67 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS, which excludes amortization, restructuring charges and other special items, were $2.78 in the quarter, up 31% over last year. Operating cash flow was $155 million in the quarter compared to $226 million a year ago. The reduction was primarily driven by the one-time bonus payment related to tax reform and higher working capital to support growth, partially offset by higher cash earnings. Capital expenditures totaled $73 million or 2.5% of revenue compared to $72 million or 3% last year. As a result, free cash flow was $82 million in the quarter compared to $154 million last year. During the quarter, we repurchased $75 million of stock. As of March 31, we had $326 million of authorization remaining under our previously approved share repurchase program. On April 24, the board authorized an increase in the company's share repurchase program to a total of $1 billion demonstrating our continued commitment to returning capital to shareholders. Our cash balance as of March 31 was $362 million, up from $317 million at the end of 2017. And total debt was $6.8 billion, unchanged from last quarter. The company's leverage at the end of the quarter remained at 3.3 times gross debt to restated last 12 months' pro forma EBITDA. Now, I'll review our segment performance beginning with LabCorp Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $1.8 billion, an increase of 8% over the last year. The increase in revenue was primarily driven by acquisitions, organic volume measured by requisitions and the benefit from currency translation of approximately 30 basis points, partially offset by the negative impact from PAMA. Revenue per requisition increased 0.7% due to acquisitions, partially offset by the impact from PAMA. Total volume increased 6.9%, of which organic volume was 3% and acquisition volume was 3.9%. In addition, volume growth was negatively impacted by approximately 1% due to adverse weather. LabCorp Diagnostics' adjusted operating income for the quarter was $364 million or 20.6% of revenue compared to $342 million or 20.8% last year. The $22 million increase in adjusted operating income was primarily due to acquisitions and strong organic revenue growth. In addition, the negative impact from adverse weather was mostly offset by a favorable legal settlement in the quarter. The decline in operating margin was due to the negative impact from PAMA, partially offset by strong revenue growth. Now, I'll review the performance of Covance Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $1.1 billion, an increase of 39% over last year due to acquisitions, accelerated organic growth and the benefit from 390 basis points of foreign currency translation. Adjusted operating income for the segment was $108 million or 10% of revenue compared to $68 million or 8.8% last year. The $40 million increase in operating income was due to organic demand, LaunchPad savings and acquisitions. The 120 basis point improvement in margin was primarily driven by organic demand and LaunchPad savings. We remain on track to deliver $150 million of net savings from Covance LaunchPad and $30 million of cost synergies from the integration of Chiltern by the end of 2020. Drug Development delivered another strong quarter of net orders and net book-to-bill. For the trailing 12 months, net orders were $4.8 billion, translating into a net book-to-bill of 1.29 times. These results compared to trailing 12 months' net orders and net book-to-bill of $4.6 billion and 1.34 times respectively as of December 31, 2017. Backlog at the end of the quarter increased to $9.2 billion, up from $8.7 billion at the end of 2017. And we expect approximately $3.7 billion of this backlog to convert into revenues over the next 12 months. Now, I'll discuss our 2018 guidance, which assumes foreign exchange rates as of March 31 for the remainder of the year and includes the impacts from currently anticipated deployment of free cash flow towards acquisitions, share repurchases and debt repayment. And as a reminder, all 2017 results mentioned in the guidance are restated in light of ASC 606. We expect revenue growth of 10% to 12% over 2017 revenue of $10.3 billion, which includes the benefit of approximately 90 basis points of currency translation. This is an increase over our prior guidance of 9.5% to 11% due to strong organic growth and favorable currency translation. We expect LabCorp Diagnostics' revenue growth of 3.5% to 5.5% over 2017 revenue of $6.9 billion, which includes the benefit of approximately 20 basis points of currency translation. This is an increase over our prior guidance of 3% to 5% primarily due to strong organic growth. We expect Covance Drug Development revenue growth of 21% to 25% over 2017 revenue of $3.5 billion, which includes the benefit of approximately 230 basis points of currency translation. This is an increase of our prior guidance of 20% to 24% due to favorable currency translation. We remain on track to deliver mid- to high-single-digit organic growth in 2018 across our businesses. Our adjusted EPS guidance is $11.30 to $11.70, an increase of 22% to 26% over adjusted EPS in 2017 of $9.25. This range is unchanged from our prior guidance. However, it now includes the projected negative impact from ASC 606 for the full year in 2018 of $0.20 to $0.30 per share whereas our prior guidance assumed no EPS impact from the accounting change. We expect to offset this reduction in earnings due to the new accounting standard through our strong first quarter results and an improved outlook for the remainder of the year. We expect free cash flow to be between $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion, unchanged from prior guidance. This concludes our formal remarks, and now we'll take questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: Hi, good morning, gentlemen. So on the lab side, the volume number really stuck out to me particularly on the organic side, given most of the other results we've seen across kind of healthcare this quarter, it doesn't seem like there was a huge shift in utilization and so it feels like you guys are kind of outperforming there. I know you called out 23andMe, and that's worked well for you. But can you give us just some context for how you've been able to sustain kind of this more elevated rate particularly in the face of some of the weather issues we saw and just how that's sort of likely to trend over the balance of the year just in terms of the rest of the cadence?
Gary M. Huff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure, Ross. Good morning. This is Gary Huff. First of all, we are pleased with the 3% organic volume growth for the quarter despite the weather. This was really driven by strength in Women's Health, 23andMe, as well as our Medical Drug Monitoring. And I will tell you we continue to expect low-single-digit volume growth for the remainder of the year. And one of the reasons why we believe in our growth organically is due to the fact of our organization's focus we started. If you were at the Investor Day, you saw that we had a significant focus on oncology, genetics, Medical Drug Monitoring, as well as Women's Health and 23andMe. And so the organization is very focused. We have a great commercial organization that is focused. And in addition to that, the entire organization, from our couriers to our phlebotomists, our lab, our people across the organization are focused on profitable  driving profitable growth in the organization, but also delivering value in terms of high-quality results and solutions to our customers, and that is proving out to do very well for us.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Ross, it's Dave. I would just add, part of it is the integrated sale to the physicians' office, particularly the OB/GYN and primary care around Women's Health, around genetics, around Sequenom. So I think we have a very comprehensive set of services, and we're offering them in a way that is attractive to the customer and highlights the one-stop shop opportunity that really makes us differentiated.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: Excellent. And just on the guide, can you just give us a feel for how you're able to kind of manage through that $0.20 to $0.30 headwind because that's pretty significant relative to what we were first contemplating and tease out a bit where in the P&L you sort of had the confidence that that will sort of carry through for the rest of the year? I mean, obviously, you beat the Q1 number, but you still have quite a bit left to go in the year, and that's a reasonable step-up. And so is it really on the margin side where you've got some flexibility or were there other elements kind of contemplated on capital deployment, et cetera?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Hey, Ross. This is Glenn. To your point that the growth that we experienced in the first quarter organically, margin improvement through our LaunchPad initiative was all coming through. We had a very strong first quarter. As we look to the remainder of the year, we continue to see a good outlook, better organic revenue. You saw that we bumped up our guidance, if you will, and revenue within our Diagnostics business. We also did have the benefit of favorable currency in the quarter, and the outlook for the year contributes as well. But overall, we're feeling pretty bullish about our businesses and it's reflected in our guidance.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: And Ross, it's Dave again. Just the acquisitions are outperforming our preliminary view of them when we made the acquisitions that applies to PAML, that applies to Chiltern. So those will annualize at some point, but we still feel this underlying performance in the business is very strong and gives us confidence that we'll be able to offset the impact of this accounting change.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: Helpful, Dave. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Good morning. Dave, you commented that on a combined basis, you're seeing accelerated growth versus what either company could do on a standalone basis. Is there any way to quantify that? I mean is there contracts that you've won or something that we can look to from our side to better understand that?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, Lisa. I think that it sort of sounds like a circular answer, but it's not. I mean I think you just have to look at the results. You look in particular at the progression in Covance of the book-to-bill, the net orders and the backlog. Obviously, a lot of that is due to good leadership, and it's due to strong operational improvement, but it's also due to the LabCorp capabilities that we bring around companion diagnostics. It's due to the LabCorp capabilities that we bring around data and recruitment. By the same token, you look at the strong LabCorp performance and again the numbers speak for themselves, but underneath that is the Covance capabilities that we bring to health systems with patient recruitment, the Covance capabilities that we bring with access to trials and cutting edge medications, not only in major academic centers but in health systems that have rural delivery  that deliver services in rural settings where the patients otherwise might not be able to access cutting edge medicines for acute conditions like advanced cancer, and so we bring something that is different and something that is attractive. So again, I think the numbers are the best reference point, but I also think those numbers would not be achievable without the combination of the two capabilities. And if you look at the performance of peers, you see that our numbers are better, and they're better because of the combination.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So if we think about this, if we look at peers and look at your number, is it fair to say the growth rate that you have that's incremental versus a peer potentially comes from that combination or is it really hard to quantify?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I think it's very hard to quantify. Again, we can talk about specific contracts in Covance that we won because of the LabCorp data. We can talk about specific companion diagnostics contracts that we've won in Covance because of the LabCorp capabilities and the dedicated laboratory. But it's going to be hard to put a number on it other than to say I go back to the outperformances for a reason, and it's great people, it's great talent, it's great leadership, but it's also the value of the combined organization and the global scale and reach.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And then, Glenn, I know you said that the legal settlement helped to offset weather in the quarter. But is there a way to quantify what the legal settlement was, one; and two, what it was for?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I'll take the first part, which is the financial impact. We've talked about it mostly offsetting the adverse impact from weather, and we did quantify that at around 1% impact on volume. So the adverse weather, call it, is around $10 million of operating income. And so we talked about that the legal settlement essentially is at least mostly offsetting it, so it gives you the magnitude or the range of what that number would be as well.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: And, Lisa, it's Dave. We can't comment on what the legal settlement is for due to confidentiality. But again, it's one of those things where we incurred some legal liability, and we were able to recoup some of that liability through the settlement.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, good morning. So I wanted to focus on Covance. What was organic growth in the quarter? Can you talk about bookings, how they compared to under the prior methodology? And then finally, in early development, are you seeing any new opportunities given consolidation and other factors impacting some of the smaller players?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure, I'll take that, Jack. This is John Ratliff. In terms of book-to-bill and the actual ED and then finally getting into the other part, book-to-bill in the 8-K shows we were in the old methodology at about 1.36 times, and then in terms of now 1.34 times. That's over the last 12 months. Under the new, it was 1.34 times going to 1.29 times. The key here is strong operating performance no matter what view you take. And so that's even with annualizing probably our strongest quarter last year. So significant strength across each of the segments, early development, as well as in the labs as well as the clinical. As to the revenue, it's consistent with our guidance that we gave for the year in the single-high to mid-digit growth, and so showing actual accelerated growth in all the segments of the business. And then finally, in terms of the early development business, we're seeing actual real strength in terms of the safety assessment, metabolic lead optimization as well as the chemistry areas, accelerating momentum organically and actually adding capacity in certain areas, as we've actually given visibility to, as an example, the CMC area, but also adding capacity within our present facilities, so seeing the biopharma area, showing the biotech area showing real strength underneath and a significant participant in our backlog.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, John. And then in terms of the data strategy, any updates on how the Walgreens collaboration could benefit Xcellerate and any update on how the check-in tool is impacting patient opt-ins?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Jack, it's Dave. So the check-in tool is being introduced into the Walgreens environment as we move to the next set of stores, and we're optimistic that it will support an increase in opt-ins. We're talking about a number of what we think are very attractive options to expand the things that we're doing with Walgreens beyond just the drawing of blood in the stores. And we'll have more to say about that probably over the next couple of quarters opposed to this morning.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great, thanks. Could you speak to any of the nuances in test mix I guess that may have influenced that revenue per requisition? And can you speak to how sustainable that trend is? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Erin, it's Dave. So MDM and Women's Health are probably on average at a slightly higher price point than our average test mix, which would give us a little bit of positive impact. 23andMe, as we've said, is below our average price point. I think it's important to remember, however, that when you think about 23andMe, also think about the fact that we don't do a blood draw, we don't do logistics, we don't do the typical things that we would do in procuring a specimen. So even though it's below our average price point, that is not in any way to suggest that it's not great business for us because it's terrific business. So what you get in the total mix is you get up from Women's Health, up from Medical Drug Monitoring, up from Genetics and Oncology, with some offset from 23andMe. And that's why we mix to the 70 basis points positive.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, great. And then on the Covance side of the business, if you could, comment on general RFP flow more on the clinical side. And were there any significant cancellations or anomalies that you would call out? Thanks.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. The amount of proposals is consistent with past quarters, very nice proposal flow. And in terms of cancellations, we're within the range that we've seen in the past. There's nothing abnormal about that.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Erin, Dave. Just one more thing, I should also have mentioned. I think it's obvious, but nonetheless I should have mentioned that PAMA has an impact on revenue per requisition this quarter in the year-over-year comparison.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thanks, maybe just one on the United contract. I know last quarter, you said you were having accelerated conversations with them. I'm just wondering, an update there, any thoughts on timing, how we should be thinking about that one.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, Patrick. It's Dave. We continue to be involved extensively and consistently with United. And as soon as we have something to tell you about, we absolutely will tell you about it.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Fair enough. And then just on capital allocation, how are you guys feeling about the M&A pipeline? Do you see more activity on the lab side now that PAMA has been out there for a few months? And how should we be thinking about lab versus CRO for your M&A?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: It's Dave again. I would say on the PAMA side, there's certainly activity in the pipeline. There's certainly engagement of a number of parties that are looking at their options. At the same time, we have to recognize that we as LabCorp and the industry through ACLA [American Clinical Laboratory Association] and our industry colleagues have been working very aggressively both within the court system and with the legislative system to try to fix the error that CMS made with PAMA, and so I think there's some watchful waiting in terms of what's going to really happen before we see a strong pickup in activity. In terms of the allocation of resources, I would just repeat what we have said previously, which is we're fortunate that we generated significant cash flow. We're going to deploy that cash flow judiciously. We look at every deal individually. There's no bias toward the CRO side or the lab side. We look at every deal individually in terms of what is the best deployment of capital, where are we going to achieve the best return. Both of the organizations are in the process of significant integration activity. And obviously, you saw we announced yesterday that we've expanded the partnership with Mount Sinai to do more things with them. So we don't have a bias. We will continue to be active in M&A, and we're going to look at where we can achieve the best return on the dollars we're investing.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy from William Blair. Your line is now open.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. I actually had a couple of questions on the CDx side. So I guess, first, wondering if you could talk a little bit more about your plans. You mentioned plans to expand globally. Is that with specific partners? And how would we think about where the testing is done, regulatory dynamics? Maybe just some more color there would be helpful.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Amanda, it's Dave. It would be with partner or partners. And it would involve performing the testing outside the U.S., but obviously in environments where we felt comfortable with all the things like quality, reproducibility, laboratory certification. And it would involve in all likelihood sharing of our operating procedures and processes for performing the testing. So as you know, the biopharmaceutical companies see large markets for some of these companion diagnostics outside the United  or some of the therapeutics outside the United States, and we want to be able to provide the companion diagnostic testing that's associated with.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Got it. And it feels like there's momentum shift on the CDx side for various reasons. Obviously, the MCD that was just published by Medicare, but I'm curious how your pharma partners are thinking about it. So you've got some that are maybe focused more on an all-comer-type strategy, some are thinking about it more from a segmented perspective. So just curious how you think about that just in terms of pre-market or clinical trials versus post-market, are your pharma partners interested in pursuing markers more generally at this point just given the pipeline?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I'd say yes to the very last point. We're seeing that extensively through chiefly both on the post-marketing side as well as in really the Phase II up. And so almost every discussion, every partnering discussion we're having that extensive capability review even at the early Phase II timeframe. But clearly we're seeing strength. We believe we're seeing the majority of the market, and that's why you're seeing our backlogs and our order rate go up by a factor of 3 and 4x from the time of the LabCorp acquisition of Covance. So we're seeing it in both areas, both the post-marketing area as well as in the Phase II/III, and pharma is extensively looking at the biomarker space and the capabilities in terms of the companion diagnostics with respect to the partnering  strategic partnering of Covance and themselves.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: And it's Dave. I'll just add, beyond the dedicated companion diagnostics laboratory and our goal of achieving global delivery, we also have resourced a biomarker center of excellence within Covance to collaborate with pharma partners, and that is supported obviously by all the biomarker where we've historically done at LabCorp. So again, it's just another example of how the combination adds more to our service offerings than either of us would have alone.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with Craig-Hallum Capital. Your line is now open.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Good morning. Dave, I have two quick questions for you. First one, you gave a good detail to Erin on the revenue per requisition increase, but I don't think you guys have stated what the impact of PAMA was this quarter. Could you give us that?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah. This is Glenn. We've talked about that the impact of PAMA for the year was going to be roughly around $70 million, and it is we expected and actually we experienced in the first quarter pretty close to being kind of pro rata. So we expect it to be pretty evenly spread throughout the year.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Great. That's helpful, Glenn. And then I know we're early in the year still, Dave. And there is typically a wide range of potential outcomes, but free cash flow guidance was maintained at $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion despite seeing the strong organic growth. Just wondering what your thoughts are in terms of how the business trends are and is that just your typical conservatism or how should we think about the free cash flow guide?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: While I don't even know what I need to answer the question, you answered it for me. So it's early in the year. The guidance encompasses a wide range of outcomes. I'm not going to comment on my conservatism versus my aggressivism, if that's even a word. But look, it's a very substantial amount of free cash flow. Certainly, there are things that we did in operational performance that make us optimistic about our ability to do better, but it is the end of the first quarter. The guidance does encompass a wide range of outcomes for earnings and obviously that translates into cash. We had said that we're going to make some incremental capital investments this year as part of the benefit of tax reform in the business, so we feel very comfortable maintaining the free cash flow guidance as it was in the quarter.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Sounds good. Thanks, guys.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: The only thing I just add to that. Just, as you know, when you look at the seasonality of our business, our first quarter historically is in the 10% of our total year's cash flow. So we kind of came within that range doing $82 million, again out of a $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion total number. So obviously, as the year unfolds as we generate the bulk of our free cash flow throughout the year, we'll continue to give the updates on where we feel hopeful coming on.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Tyler L. Etten - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Good morning. This is Tyler Etten on for Bill. I was wondering if you could talk about the opportunity with CMS approving next-gen sequencing. We're starting to see some small private payers follow suit. Are you guys viewing this as a coverage trend or maybe a little bit more conservative on that front?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, Tyler, it's Dave. I think we've been in the forefront of next-gen sequencing again both on the clinical trial central lab side as well as on the clinical diagnostics side. We do see it as a significant opportunity particularly around our genetic testing. At the same time, private payer coverage remains less than robust at this point. And so we see the CMS coverage decision as probably the beginning of a trend, but we're going to follow the trend carefully and adjust accordingly.
Tyler L. Etten - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. Thanks. And then do you think that most of the negative weather effect is behind us now that we're at the end of the quarter or should we expect some weather effects in Q2?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I would say forecasting is an art. It's not a science. And I think we'd all agree that the worst forecasters tend to be the weather predictors. But from our perspective, we assume normal weather throughout the rest of the year, which is within the guidance. But as you recall, when we had the third quarter a year ago, we had adverse weather. So barring normal weather, we actually should see a pickup from weather in the third quarter, but obviously things that we don't control, which is why we don't forecast it to be anything other than kind of normalized.
Tyler L. Etten - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Citi. Your line is now open.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to go to margins. They were down year-over-year, and I think you mentioned mix and acquisitions in the release. Maybe if you could flush that out for us. And more importantly, help frame the opportunity around sort of either margin expansion versus just holding the line or maybe even having margins contract in sort of the years ahead given PAMA?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Ralph, it's Dave. So we have been very clear that Diagnostics margins are going to be down this year as a result of PAMA. And the assumption would be that if PAMA is fully implemented as planned, we'll have margins headwinds in 2019 and 2020 as well. The other side of that is LaunchPad cost reductions, things that we're doing in the core diagnostics business to improve efficiency. Obviously, organic growth helps us to improve those margins as well as the test mix. On the Covance side, obviously we saw 200-plus basis point improvement in year-over-year margins with the initial steps from LaunchPad. LaunchPad is a three-year program to improve service delivery and sustainably improve margins as well. So for the Diagnostics business, the likelihood is we're going to see pressure on margins. For the Covance business, margins expansion. And for the enterprise  for the enterprise as a whole, our goal, as we said in our third priority, is to continue to protect them and optimize them over time. I'm sorry. I misspoke. The Covance margins were up 120 basis points as opposed to the 200 that I overoptimistically stated. That will be for John to do next quarter.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Fair enough. And then I was hoping you could maybe delve a little bit more into the Walgreens expansion. The incremental intent (52:42) is encouraging, but maybe help on what may or may not be potentially prohibiting much faster expansion. Is this something that you want Xcellerate more and Walgreens more reluctant to or the other way around, or is it not that dynamic, sort of not in play? And if there are any exclusivity, remind us around the relationship or could there be sort of  and if there was sort of interest from other retailers, is that something you could pursue? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. So, on the question of exclusivity, there's exclusivity within the markets, but there's no blanket exclusivity. And so there could be other retail opportunities that we would pursue presumably. In fairness, there could be other lab opportunities that Walgreens might pursue. We have been very pleased with Walgreens as a partner. As I said earlier, we've talked a lot about other opportunities beyond what we're doing with the draw stations, and we expect this partnership to expand both in number of stores and in scope over the balance of 2018 and into the future. In terms of the number of stores, we want to be selective and careful about the markets. We want to think more broadly now that we're demonstrating the success of the model about how we can use the Walgreens service center locations to change the model of how patients engage with us at our current service centers. So I don't think there's any hesitation on either side to scale the program. What we are doing is being very careful about the way that we roll it out to make sure that, one, we don't damage service levels or reduce qualities because we're trying to expand too fast. Two, we're both very interested in integrating the kiosk check-ins into the broader structure of their pharmacy in our lab, and so that requires some IT work that we're looking at. So there's just a number of reasons, but I would not take it as any hesitation on either side to scale up the project.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, thanks for the comments.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Just a couple of questions on the EPS guidance. First off, Glenn, can you help me better understand what changed as you assess the impact of ASC 606 because I thought that accounting change was already in your prior guidance. And then secondly, the offset that enabled you to maintain EPS guidance despite that headwind, how much of that would you characterize as organic versus other items like the legal settlement or tax coming in lower than we thought? Thank you.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. First, I guess on the EPS and ASC 606 and the guidance. As you saw when we gave our preliminary assessment and when we came out with our guidance, we did give preliminary restated revenue numbers for 2017 and then our growth rates for 2018, which was effectively adding the investigator fees and the other pass-through expenses. And so, as you saw in our change in guidance or the updating of our guidance, none of the growth rates on the revenue side were due to ASC 606. It was due to the strength of organic revenue growth within Diagnostics as well as the change in the currency. On the earnings side, it's a little bit more challenging. There, while we did a sampling of the contracts that we have, and again, over 800 of them, the impact on the earnings was fairly negligible. We assume that over when we got to all 800 contracts going through the detailed review that they would be offsetting because effectively they were all pass-through. When we did the analysis and updated it, again, for every one of the contracts, what we saw was that, relative to the sample that we used initially, our contracts tended to be earlier stages of completing of the trials. And because the investigator fees and the other pass-through expenses tend to be more weighted towards the middle of the contracts, we were more weighted with earlier-stage contracts. And as a result, they caused our percentage of completion to change where effectively it moved it out a little bit. So the earnings, and use 2017 as an example, there again we would assume that it would have a nominal impact. It had around a $55 million impact in earnings that will again be pushed out to future periods. And then similarly now in our guidance for 2018, as we roll those contracts forward, we have around, call it, $35 million of reduction in earnings relative to the old accounting standard, so less than the impact in 2017. But again, those earnings will be pushed out in the future as well. With regard to the offsetting of the $0.20 to $0.30 impact from ASC 606, we talked about the strength of our organic revenues. We've talked about the impact that currency was favorable as well. When we gave our original guidance, at that point, we knew the adverse impact from weather other than there was some still bad weather later in the period, but the bulk of it was early. And we knew about the benefit of the legal settlement that was effectively going to be an offset to that. So relative to the guidance we provided, both of those were kind of muted out. The change really is driven off of the strong performance we had in the first quarter, and again, an improved outlook for the remainder of the year.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of follow-ups here. When we think about just pricing, outside the United contract and outside PAMA, are there any other factors such as other contracts or renewals, or anything else that we should consider when we think about pricing beyond this year? And I understand that this is the beginning of 2018. But just conceptually, how should we think about the other factors that are either headwinds or tailwinds to price going forward?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Ricky, good morning. It's Dave. So I think you've essentially stated it correctly. The things we need to think about are PAMA. I'm not  I wouldn't  obviously, the United contract doesn't have any impact on our 2018 pricing unless and until there's a change in the contract status. The impact of acquisitions and the annualization of acquisitions, so PAML and the price point of PAML probably being higher than our typical in-counter price. And remember, a lot of that is reference work that comes from hospitals. So that annualization will certainly have an impact. Generally, what I would say is our private pricing has been relatively stable over the last several years, as we've said. We don't see anything that is going to have an immediate impact on that. And so the major impact, as we've said, is mix, which is not unit price and unit pricing relating to PAMA.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then on the cost-cutting side, I appreciate the comments on margin. But how should we think about the cadence of the cost-cutting throughout the year?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Again, it's Dave. We are not guiding to quarter-by-quarter impact of LaunchPad. I would say, remember that there were some reductions that we did last year that we're getting the full-year impact of this year that will annualize. And then the impact of things like global service delivery, which started in the first quarter, will actually accelerate throughout the year. So I guess the best way to put it is think about the Covance LaunchPad and the Chiltern synergies as essentially being spread ratably over the three-year period. And then within that period  within each year, you'll typically see a relatively even distribution subject to some ups and downs.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark Massaro from Canaccord Genuity. Your line is now open.
Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey, thank you. Obviously, 23andMe has seen massive growth from at-home testing with saliva for genetic testing. Dave, can you speak to the impact you think you might have from your at-home blood collection device and maybe speak to some of the test menu that will be available?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. The at-home device is designed to open another channel to consumers and patients. The initial test menu will be probably in the range of about 20 analytes, and will focus on things that are of high interest to consumers like hemoglobin A1c and also to payers. And there are several ways that we think about why this is important. One, just in conversations with leaders of large payers, one of the things that I'm hearing over and over again is the costliest patients are the patients who are sick at home. They're not engaging with the system. That's why they're showing up in acute crises in the emergency room, and we need to find a better way to reach them. So you're seeing a lot more activity around home health. You're seeing a lot more activity around home monitoring. And for us, this is a simple way of supporting not only the consumer who wants to know about the status of their health through labs, but also the payer community, including the government payers, in being able to reach patients in the home in a convenient and low-cost manner. So I'm not going to make an estimate in terms of what is the market opportunity or where is it going to go, but I think it's a really important initiative for us again to open another channel to reach consumers and then to think about is this kit available for sale in the retail setting, is it delivered through a distributor or a wholesaler who has a home business. These are potential further legs of the business as we roll it out.
Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great, thanks. And my second question, at the risk of oversimplifying or handicapping the outcome of the ACLA versus HHS case, is it fair to speculate that relief to the 2021 to 2023 is the bull case here in terms of the cuts that could be rendered in those next three years or do you see another alternative that could be even more appealing than that?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I've said all along that, first of all, any time you sue the government, it is an uphill battle. Nevertheless, on the merits  and they're dense legal papers but I have read them. On the merits, we have a very convincing and powerful case. Congress wrote a statute in which it specifically instructed the Secretary to do something, and that something was do a market survey that included hospitals. The Secretary wrote a rule that excluded over 90% of the hospitals in the United States. So the Secretary didn't do what Congress said. And legally, I believe that means that rule should be set aside, and that is what we're seeking in relief. We're not seeking change in the payment cuts. We're seeking that the rule be set aside and the Secretary be told to go back and do what Congress said to do. So to me, the right case is the judge rules in our favor, the rule is set aside, the Secretary restarts the process of rulemaking, and we end up with a rule that carries out congressional intent. And that would have the impact of resetting the 2018, 2019, 2020 reductions and coming to a market assessment of the lab industry, which is exactly what Congress asked for the Secretary to do. Congress said to the Secretary get Medicare to market. It didn't say get Medicare to the absolute lowest price on every single test, which seems to be what the Secretary is trying to achieve.
Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good morning. Glenn, just a quick question on tax. So you're maintaining the tax rate at 25%, but with the exclusion of the tax benefit from stock comp, am I right in thinking that your effective baseline tax rate assumption actually went down?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No. We guided  we assume that we would be roughly 25% on an adjusted basis, and we continue to believe that. The first quarter is always going to  I shouldn't say always. Obviously, hopefully, we're always seeing our share price appreciation, so we're getting a benefit from the stock-based comp impact on taxes. But we know that when we provide our guidance. So our stock comp, if you will, vests in February in the first quarter, you'll have seen that in the trends that same quarter a year ago that we'll have a lower effective tax rate. And then throughout the year, we do not forecast any more change relative to stock comp. So to the extent that people are exercising shares that we obviously can't forecast, there could be a benefit from that going forward, but we don't model that. So we still feel the 25% is the right number for the year with the first quarter coming in, call it, around 23% and obviously implies that we'll be a little bit above 25% for the remaining three quarters.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: Got you. And then for John, are you seeing any changes in how your customers are making decisions based on data enablement? And then are there any wins you can call on Xcellerate at this point?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I do think that most of our customers are using data with respect to decisions on patient recruitment strategies, on site selection, on protocol optimization. Now certain therapeutic areas are more applicable to the use of that data, but almost consistently across the board, whether it's our central lab data, whether it's our diagnostics data, they are utilizing that to their benefit in terms of the strategies of the aforementioned three years. So, specific wins, I think as Dave said, we obviously have over a (1:08:46) quarters and on track to the revenue goals that we had before, but as you know, Brian, those decisions when they're made on "data" are also made on the project team, the medics, the capabilities of strategy. It's never just one thing. And so we do look at this as a hugely differentiating factor and the reason why we're winning to the extent we have with the strong book-to-bills of around 1.3 times.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: Got it, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Rohan Abrol from KeyBanc Capital. Your line is now open.
Rohan Abrol - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning. Just wanted to find out if you're seeing any changes with respect to your full-service versus FSP demand in Covance?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: The program versus FSP, I'm not seeing a swing to one way or another. The greatest thing in terms of the  or one of the areas that the Chiltern acquisition benefited us greatly on was the capability within the FSP areas, especially around the biometric space and now adding the strength of a legacy Covance in the monitoring space having that now enterprise offering, but we're seeing real strength on the programmatic side as well and across therapeutic areas, the oncology area. And I'd have to say the investments in the talent, team, therapeutic areas, et cetera, that LabCorp Covance have made in the past are assisting with the programmatic wins as well. I'm not seeing a shift one way or another, to answer your question.
Rohan Abrol - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. I appreciate that. And then did you guys comment on the amount of project awards associated with access to patient lab data this quarter?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: It's Dave. I think as John just said, we exceeded $0.5 billion. We're not updating that number, but you can assume that it continues to grow.
Rohan Abrol - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave King for closing remarks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you very much for joining us this morning. I think what you can gather from this call is that we are intently focused on two things. One is execution. The other is innovation. And our focus on execution and innovation is delivering impressive results, and we're excited that we will be updating you on those results in the quarters to come. We wish you a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Frommer - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings Gary M. Huff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings
Analysts: Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Suzie Yoon - Evercore Group LLC Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Hong Tran - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Per Ostlund - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co. Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Donald H. Hooker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2017 LabCorp Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Frommer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Frommer - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's fourth quarter 2017 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Gary Huff, CEO of LabCorp Diagnostics; and John Ratliff, CEO of Covance Drug Development. In addition to our press release, we also filed a Form 8-K this morning that includes additional financial information. Both are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com and include a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. Finally, we are making forward-looking statements during today's call. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to statements with respect to 2018 guidance, and the related assumptions, the impact of various factors on operating and financial results, and the opportunities for future growth. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2016 Form 10-K, subsequent Forms 10-Q and in the company's other filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. By every measure, LabCorp excelled in 2017. Revenue over $10 billion, adjusted EPS at the top of our guidance range, and free cash flow in excess of $1.1 billion. We invested approximately $2 billion in strategic acquisitions across both businesses, and returned approximately $350 million to shareholders, keeping our leverage around 3 times debt to EBITDA. Our performance in the fourth quarter demonstrated our multifaceted platform for growth as organic initiatives, contributions from acquisitions, and margin improvement in Diagnostics and Drug Development translated into double-digit increases in revenue and EPS, and outstanding free cash flow. Our platform positions us for another year of strong growth in 2018. Our guidance, despite the negative impact from PAMA, contemplates continued increases in revenue and EPS, producing significant cash flow that we plan to deploy to support growth, create opportunities for our people, and deliver shareholder value. To achieve our guidance in 2018, we are relentlessly focused on execution across our key priorities, driving profitable growth, integrating key acquisitions, and optimizing enterprise margins. Our focus on profitable growth starts with our enterprise-wide commitment to quality, service and innovation. These qualities are critical to retaining existing customers and attracting new ones. In Diagnostics, they provide the foundation for new and deeper collaborations with health systems, large physician groups, and managed care partners. They also create growth opportunities in women's health, medical drug monitoring, genetics and oncology testing, as well as in critical collaborations such as Walgreens and 23andMe. In Drug Development, these qualities are the foundation of our strength in book-to-bill and net orders, and will drive 2018 revenue conversion. Our ongoing strategic investments in precision medicine, therapeutic expertise, FSP solutions, and biologic drug development capabilities continue to increase our win rate with existing partners, and strengthen our value proposition that is winning new customers. Our second priority for 2018 is integrating key acquisitions flawlessly. The integration of Chiltern is proceeding at a robust pace. We've incorporated key talent into our Drug Development leadership team and introduced new branding that underscores our commitment to Chiltern's legacy customers and businesses. Our clinical drug and medical device development offerings now have greater scale and capabilities benefiting customers of Covance and Chiltern alike. In Diagnostics, our partnerships with Mount Sinai and PAML's former owners, Providence and Catholic Health, continue to expand as we integrate these premier businesses. We expect these three transactions benefiting from a full year of ownership and growth to generate approximately $500 million in incremental profitable revenue in 2018, and we look forward to updating you on these integrations during the year. To optimize enterprise margins, we combined profitable revenue growth and acquisition integration with our LaunchPad business process improvement initiative. LaunchPad is a long-term reengineering of our business to streamline the delivery of services through the use of innovative tools and technology. Covance LaunchPad is a multi-year undertaking that will align people and capabilities with client and business demand, utilize automation and new IT platforms to create efficiencies and enhance our customers' experience with Covance through investments in commercial and operational processes. We expect having achieved $20 million in savings in 2017 to achieve additional net savings of $130 million through the three-year period ending in 2020, significantly increasing our Drug Development margins. We expect that driving profitable growth, integrating acquisitions, and optimizing our enterprise margins will lead to strong revenue and earnings growth in 2018 despite the headwind we face from PAMA. The combination of Diagnostics and Drug Development capabilities is a powerful creator of shareholder value in the near-term. At the same time, we must think about how we can expand LabCorp's role over time in the rapidly-evolving healthcare system. We are focused on three strategic initiatives to broaden our role in the healthcare system of the future. First, we will support our customers' transition to value-based care. Second, we will streamline the Drug Development process. Third, we will create a broad consumer engagement platform that integrates diagnostics, devices and therapeutics. I will now discuss our thinking in each of these areas. In value-based care, our combination of world-class Diagnostics and Drug Development capabilities is critical in accelerating progress to a more precise and personalized healthcare. From helping choose the right test for the right patient at the right time to offering innovative molecular and genetic tests, to delivering the next-generation of life-saving drugs, LabCorp is a critical player in enabling targeted, tailored, high-value care. Our quality, scale, IT expertise, standardized platforms, and payer and provider collaboration support our goal of bringing differentiated value to value-based care. In Drug Development, our end-to-end capabilities, industry leadership in companion diagnostics and investments in real-world evidence capabilities and market access solutions enable customers to demonstrate the value of a treatment to all healthcare stakeholders. Our second strategic initiative focuses on enhancing the drug development process. Client demand for data-driven study design, scalable tools, and access to relevant biomarkers and tests is at an all-time high, as clinical studies are increasingly complex, costly and facing increased competition for patients and investigators. We offer comprehensive and differentiated solutions to these challenges, underpinned by our scientific and therapeutic expertise. Furthermore, we continue to invest in tools and technology to capitalize on the competitive advantage conferred by our comprehensive patient data, our extensive site and investigator performance data, and our industry leadership in concurrent development of therapeutics and companion diagnostics. We also continue to utilize the combined capabilities of our enterprise to support innovative trial designs. For example, we recently completed our second virtual real-world evidence study, in which our Covance Market Access team enrolled patients and monitored their progression through its call center. Our LabCorp Diagnostics patient service centers performed blood draws and biometric measurements, and our Covance central lab performed the associated testing. This site-less approach improves the speed and lowers the cost of studies, and we expect to expand this highly-attractive offering in 2018. Our third strategic initiative is to develop a broad platform to deepen our consumer relationships. We have made strong progress improving the user experience of our services and continue to roll out new tools and technology, including LabCorp Express, LabCorp PreCheck and LabCorp Patient. We will release a mobile app version of LabCorp Patient later this quarter for added consumer convenience as an additional option to the currently available Patient portal. Consumer engagement supports growth in both of our businesses. Our database of patients who've provided consent to learn about relevant clinical trials exceeds 200,000 participants, and we expect to drive this figure significantly higher in 2018. New channels of care delivery, such as LabCorp-Walgreens and the launch of our new self-collection offering for home use later this year, significantly expand our reach and engagement with consumers. For example, in the LabCorp-Walgreens sites in Denver, 28% of the patients are new to LabCorp, demonstrating our success in meeting consumers where they want to be met and supporting expansion of this initiative into new markets. As a reminder, we will provide an in-depth view of our business and key initiatives on February 27 at our Investor and Analyst Day event. We hope that you will join us for or listen to the webcast of this event. In closing, I'm proud that we have made meaningful advances in 2017 on our mission to improve health and improve lives. I am deeply grateful to our 57,000 mission-driven colleagues around the world for their passion, commitment and hard work. We are intently focused on delivering another strong year in 2018. At the same time, as a global leader in life sciences, we will continue to focus on expanding our critical role in the healthcare system of the future by broadening our capabilities, increasing our reach and relevance, and delivering innovative solutions that only LabCorp can offer. Through these initiatives, LabCorp will benefit consumers, customers, employees and shareholders in 2018 and beyond. Now, I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you, Dave. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our fourth quarter results, followed by a discussion of our LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development segments, and conclude with our 2018 guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $2.7 billion, an increase of 13.2% over last year as acquisitions added 10%, organic revenue increased 2.6%, and we benefited from foreign currency translation of 60 basis points. Operating income for the quarter was $354 million, or 13.1% of revenue, compared to $323 million or 13.5% last year. During the quarter, we had $39 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily related to the LaunchPad initiative, as well as the acquisition and integration of Chiltern. Adjusted operating income, which excludes amortization of $63 million, restructuring charges and special items was $456 million or 16.9% of revenue, compared to $388 million or 16.2% last year. The $68 million increase in adjusted operating income and 70 basis point improvement in margin were primarily due to acquisitions, organic volume, price mix and LaunchPad savings. Income taxes for the quarter were impacted by a $519 million one-time benefit from tax reform in the United States. This benefit included the favorable revaluation of deferred taxes, partially offset by the deemed repatriation tax. Excluding this net benefit, other special charges and amortization, adjusted tax rate was 34.5%, compared to 33% last year. This increase was primarily due to the mix of domestic versus foreign taxes. We expect the company's adjusted tax rate for 2018 to be approximately 25% compared to 33.4% in 2017, benefiting from the lower U.S. tax rate. Net earnings for the quarter were $707 million, or $6.81 per diluted share, including the benefit from tax reform. Adjusted EPS, which excludes tax reform, amortization, restructuring charges and other special items were $2.45 in the quarter, up 14% over last year. Operating cash flow was $564 million in the quarter compared to $449 million a year ago. The strong level of operating cash flow was higher than our guidance due to improved working capital, which was driven by accelerated cash collections across our businesses as a result of our LaunchPad initiatives. Capital expenditures totaled $96 million or 3.6% of revenue compared to $74 million or 3.1% last year. As a result, free cash flow was $468 million in the quarter compared to $375 million last year. During the quarter, we invested $83 million in acquisitions, paid down $443 million of debt and repurchased $40 million of stock. As of December 31, we had $407 million of authorization remaining under our share repurchase program. Our cash balance at year-end was $317 million, down from $409 million at the end of the third quarter, and total debt was $6.8 billion, down from $7.2 billion last quarter. The company's leverage decreased during the quarter to 3.2 times gross debt to last 12 months pro forma EBITDA as of December 31st. Now, I'll review our segment performance beginning with LabCorp Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $1.8 billion, an increase of 8.6% over last year. The increase in revenue was driven by acquisitions, organic volume, measured by requisitions and the benefit from currency translation of approximately 30 basis points. Revenue per requisition increased by 1.8% due to acquisitions. Total volume increased 6.6%, of which organic volume was 2.9%. Acquisition volume was 3.7%, led by the PAML and Mount Sinai transactions. LabCorp Diagnostics' adjusted operating income for the quarter was $357 million or 19.6% of revenue compared to $318 million or 19% last year. A $39 million increase in adjusted operating income and 60 basis point improvement in margins were primarily due to strong revenue growth inclusive of acquisitions and LaunchPad savings. Now, I'll review the performance of Covance Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $886 million, an increase of 24% over last year, led by the acquisition of Chiltern, as well as organic growth and the benefit from 140 basis points of foreign currency translation. Adjusted operating income for the segment was $135 million or 15.2% of revenue compared to $106 million or 14.9% last year. The increase in operating income and margin were primarily due to the acquisition of Chiltern, organic revenue growth and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel costs. During the quarter, Drug Development revenue and operating margin increased sequentially, and year-on-year both organically and including Chiltern. In addition, the company remains on track to deliver cost synergies from the integration of Chiltern of $30 million within three years of the acquisition. We also continue to benefit from our Covance LaunchPad initiative, which began in July 2017. In addition to the $20 million of savings realized in 2017, we expect this initiative to deliver another $130 million of savings through the three-year period ending in 2020, with one-time costs of approximately $50 million, of which approximately half was incurred in 2017. We expect the savings to come from labor productivity, including global organizational design and the right-sizing actions implemented in 2017 as well as from integration of new tools and technology, and process improvements. Drug Development delivered another strong quarter of net orders and book-to-bill. For the trailing 12-months, net orders were $4.1 billion, producing an improved net book-to-bill of 1.36. Backlog at the end of the quarter increased to $7.1 billion, and we expect approximately $2.8 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Now, I'll discuss our 2018 guidance, which includes adoption of the new revenue recognition standard as of January 1, 2018. To evaluate our year-on-year performance on a consistent basis, we applied the expected revenue recognition changes to our 2017 results, which we refer to as restated revenue, and can be found in our press release. This restatement will be finalized when we report our first quarter results. In LabCorp Diagnostics, the impact of this accounting change will reduce revenue, and increase margins as bad debt will be treated as a reduction in revenue rather than SG&A expense. In Covance Drug Development, the impact of this accounting change will increase revenue, and cost of revenue due to the inclusion of investigator fees and other pass-through expenses in both categories, which will result in lower margins. For the enterprise, we estimate that the impact of the new revenue recognition standard would have increased revenue and adjusted operating income in 2017 by $213 million and $3 million, respectively, and would have lowered adjusted operating margin by approximately 40 basis points. In addition to revenue recognition, our 2018 guidance includes the implementation of tax reform in the United States. Foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2017, for the remainder of the year, and the impact from currently-anticipated deployment of free cash flow towards acquisitions, share repurchases, and debt repayment. Taking these assumptions into consideration, I'll now provide our guidance for 2018. We expect revenue growth of 9.5% to 11.5% over 2017 restated revenue of $10.4 billion, which includes the benefit of approximately 60 basis points of currency translation. We expect LabCorp Diagnostics revenue growth of 3% to 5% over 2017 restated revenue of $6.9 billion. This growth includes the negative impact from the implementation of PAMA legislation of approximately 1% as well as the benefit of approximately 20 basis points of currency translation. We expect Covance Drug Development revenue growth of 20% to 24% over 2017 restated revenue of $3.6 billion, which includes the benefit of approximately 140 basis points of currency translation. The acquisition of Chiltern closed on September 1, 2017, and we expect that it will be the largest driver of growth in 2018. On an organic basis, we expect the business to grow revenue at its historical growth rate of mid to high-single-digits. Our adjusted EPS guidance is $11.30 to $11.70, an increase of 18% to 22% over $9.60 in 2017. We expect the quarterly distribution of earnings to approximate the distribution last year. However, the first quarter will be further negatively impacted by the more severe weather experienced this year. The benefit from the lower tax rate is expected to contribute approximately $1.30 to adjusted EPS in 2018, while the negative impact from implementation of the PAMA legislation is expected to reduce adjusted EPS by approximately $0.50. Excluding the impact of these two changes, we would have expected adjusted EPS to increase double-digits. Our free cash flow guidance is $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion compared to $1.1 billion last year. The expected lower tax rate of approximately 25% in 2018 will result in an increase in our cash flow. We expect to invest a portion of this increase in our people and infrastructure with the remainder deployed in a manner consistent with our long-standing approach to capital allocation. In 2018, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately 3.5% of revenue, driven by accelerated investments in facilities, technology, and automation. In summary, we're enthusiastic about our prospects for 2018. We expect another year of strong top line growth, and business process improvement initiatives to translate into attractive earnings and significant free cash flow. In addition, we expect to deploy our free cash flow to strategic acquisitions, the return of capital to shareholders, and debt reduction, which will continue to build long-term shareholder value. This concludes our formal remarks, and we'll now take questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. So I want to focus on Covance, the outlook there is better than we are looking for. In your view, what's driven the improvement in book-to-bill over last few quarters, and was there anything noteworthy on the cancellation front just in the fourth quarter to keep in mind?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Jack, it's Dave. I'll start very briefly, and then turn it over to, John. John made a comment to me yesterday, which is, I guess, the most succinct explanation that I've heard of the order and book-to-bill performance, which is, we're winning in the marketplace. And with that  and by the way, a lot of that is testament to John's terrific leadership, and the quality of the leadership team at Covance, today. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to, John for more detail.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I think we, Jack, continue to benefit from the strategic investments in the team, technology and our capabilities, the solutions that we're bringing forward, companion diagnostics being one example of that. I do think that, well, it is broad-based, so it is in early development. It is in labs. It is in clinical. We've gotten a benefit in terms of clinical with obviously the acquisition of Chiltern, but book-to-bill even without Chiltern would be consistent with what our last 12 months are. And so, strength across the board and the cancellations are in line with historical. So there's been no abnormalities at all in terms of the cancellation within the quarter.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And as you think about the three businesses within Covance, just in the context of the strategy and don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves, but how do you think early development fits, and what's the plan to accelerate growth within that piece of Covance?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Jack, it's Dave again, to start. Obviously, we've responded to this question a number of times over time, and would continue to say the same thing, which is the early development business right now is performing extremely well. As mentioned in our prepared comments, the value of the end-to-end capabilities of Covance seems to become more and more clear as we win business across segments. And so, strategically, at this moment, early development is a very sound fit for what we're trying to accomplish in value-based care and in the streamlining of the drug development process. I think there will come a point later this year, and some of it is reflected in the reinvestment of some of the tax benefit in the capital expenditures that we will need to make some investments in capabilities for the business, particularly in facilities. But that's a determination that we'll make a little bit further down the road. John, anything further?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No. I'd say that the early development we're seeing flow through business, whether that'd be in the tox area, and obviously within the large molecule and immuno-oncology being a large percentage of our oncology platform. And then, in the BioA area and the significant flow-through into our clinical business, so it's a little bit additive to what Dave said.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Suzie Yoon - Evercore Group LLC: Hi. Good morning. This is Suzie Yoon in for Ross.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: You're going to have to speak up.
Suzie Yoon - Evercore Group LLC: Hi, sorry. Do you hear me better?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yes.
Suzie Yoon - Evercore Group LLC: Hi. Good morning. This is Suzie Yoon in for Ross. Our channel check suggests that you've been gaining share across the CRO, particularly in small to mid-cap biopharma. What areas did you see particular strength in the quarter?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, we saw  this is John  we saw strength really broadly. We did see strength in terms of the small-medium. Obviously, we benefit from the strength of the Chiltern, and the fact that they had a large penetration in that category. But at the same time, we have a big penetration within our early development in terms of the small-medium areas as well. But I would say, large pharma in terms of mid-tier and small-medium, if you look at our win rates, they were even broad against that spectrum. So strength across all, you could see more of the penetration in the large in the central labs, in the mid-tier and the small-medium in terms of their early development, as well as the clinical business, strength across the board.
Suzie Yoon - Evercore Group LLC: Got it. And just as a follow-up, wondering if you can give us some details on the composition of the Diagnostic beat and what product areas you're seeing particular strength in there?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. The primary strengths were in women's health, in particular our single swab, new swab testing, medical drug monitoring within our toxicology and wellness business, and oncology and genetics within our molecular testing. I think those would be the particular areas where we saw strong both year-on-year and end growth over the quarter. We continue to have good strength in 23andMe, although its relative contribution as a percentage of the organic growth was actually less than the prior quarter. Gary, anything further to add?
Gary M. Huff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No, I think that covers it. Thank you.
Suzie Yoon - Evercore Group LLC: Got it. Thank you. That's very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Good morning. Dave, I think I heard in your prepared comments talking about value-based care. Clearly, there's a lot of opportunities here in the marketplace. I just want to understand specific to that comment that you're well-positioned, are you seeing, one; a change in contracting, or two; are you talking about, now that we have PAMA in place, you could see incremental opportunities with hospitals and others as we change from a fee-for-service environment to more value-based care? I just want a little more color as we think about that progression for LabCorp. And then, secondly, just a point of clarification. Glenn, I just want to understand. There's no share repurchase in the guidance. Is that correct?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, Lisa. It's Dave. My understanding is that capital deployment is included in the guidance, but Glenn will verify that. In terms of the value-based care, the way I would characterize it is, we are seeing a shift in terms of how payers and providers are thinking about reimbursement. And obviously, value is in the eye of the beholder, and everybody has a different perspective on what's value, generally value is what causes me to have more, and the other guy to have less. So we have to think about it in the context of  as 3% of the spend driving 80% of the decisions, how do we enhance the value proposition beyond simply the delivery of lab results? And that's why the precision medicine, the companion diagnostics, the ability to not only deliver the right test for the right patient at the right time, but also to deliver things like our chronic kidney disease solution, our kidney stone recurrent solution, to actually help providers deliver care in accordance with guidelines as to value. That's why Covance adds to value with being able to bring to health systems and large physician groups the opportunity to participate in trials, and get their acutely ill patients access to cutting-edge medications. There's a whole range of capabilities around the combination of our enterprise that in our view position us better than anybody else to deliver in the value-based care environment. So hopefully, that helps clarify the perspective on why we think we are well-positioned, and why we continue to invest not only in the individual capabilities of the businesses, but in the combined capabilities of the enterprise that are going to be so critical to differentiate ourselves when people look at us vis--vis others would say, well, how do you contribute to value?
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I would assume you're going to talk more about this at the Analyst Day, Dave, but I guess for me, the question just really is, do we see a changing business model in some way? So the way that you get paid today, you talked about shifting away from just the lab tests and being part of the bigger solution. So as we think about your changing and evolving business model, is it that we're going to see payment mechanisms change as well? And again, I would assume we're going to probably talk more about this in the next couple of weeks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: We will, yeah. I mean, I do think, over time payment mechanisms will change. Again, when you talk to the payers, they will tell you that they have x percent of their providers on some sort of value-based contract. Now, granted, they may be different value-based metrics. There may be different definitions of what's value. But over time, I do think we're going to see an evolution away from traditional, pure fee-for-service contracting to  contracting it for example, is going to look more like systems outside the U.S. where there has to be a demonstration of efficacy for a drug or there has to be a demonstration of value for reimbursement for a test. And these are things that we need to anticipate, because although they will be slower to develop than we think they are, I do think, they're the long-term future of how providers like us are going to get paid.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, helpful. I'm sorry, Glenn, go ahead?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No. Just on your other question on the share repo in the guidance, what we did say is that, the guidance range that we have provided for our free cash flow that, our guidance does assume that we will fully redeploy that. And we said in the combination expected, but it's in our guidance, expect that, that will be a combination of M&A kind of tuck-ins, if you will, share repurchases and debt reduction. We ended the year at 3.2 times leverage in 2017, so we would expect to bring down the leverage a bit, but we also expect to use a fair amount of that free cash flow to both M&A and share repurchases.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Jansen with Raymond James & Associates. Your line is open.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. Congrats on a great quarter. I just wanted to talk a bit about the components of margin expansion as we think about 2018 and beyond. Certainly, the CRO with accelerating revenue growth and LaunchPad probably has some opportunities for improvement versus the Diagnostic asset which you're already exiting under the three-year LaunchPad phase. You have the pricing reductions from PAMA. So maybe just, how we should be thinking about holistically the margins of the segment, and how that rolls up to the enterprise in the near-term?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Hi, Nick, this is Glenn. Let me at least take a first cut at it. Your observation is pretty good. If you look at it by business, within the Drug Development side, we expect to see improving margins, both due to the strength of the demand that we're seeing and expect to see in 2018 and beyond, as well as now embracing kind of the LaunchPad initiative where we've talked about kind of the incremental $130 million of net savings that we expect over the next three years. So we are expecting to see good margin improvement. And as John has commented before, relative to where we were against some of our competitors, there was also some room to see that pick up as well. So we're really encouraged there. The flip side obviously on the Diagnostics is that, we enjoy very strong operating margins. We've benefited from the LaunchPad initiative, frankly, over the last three years that are reflected in the margin. But as you know in 2018, we've begun to get the headwinds of the PAMA legislation that will be constraining our margins. So we do expect that Diagnostics margins will be down kind of in 2018, and then obviously based upon what ultimately occurs with PAMA over the next few years could be additional headwinds going beyond. So as we start-off as an enterprise though, we're looking that, over time to continue to see some margin improvement. The first year in 2018 will be difficult given the quickness of the PAMA starting without the long-term benefit of the LaunchPad initiative kicking in. But were it not for the PAMA headwind, we would have expected even in 2018 for enterprise margins to be up. And frankly, even with the new revenue recognition accounting that's come in place, there will be a little bit of a constraint on the margin, even though we've restated the prior period, because of the acquisition of Chiltern will have on for a full-year in 2018. But overall, we continue to look for ways to maximize our operating margins as we go forward. And while we talk about the LaunchPad initiative within Covance, from our perspective, there's still an ongoing initiative within Drug Development to continue to improve operating margins.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. That's helpful. And as my follow-up, it's maybe for you, Dave, in terms of the consumer strategy you guys have been pursuing over the last 12 to 24 months. Certainly, things like Walgreens relationship, certainly things like 23andMe, maybe just look at holistically where those stand today relative to where you think is in terms of contributors in 2018, 2019 and beyond? Where are we in terms of the process of seeing further acceleration in organic growth as these platforms become more bigger parts of the pie? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. Obviously, with 23andMe we've got a long-standing collaboration, and their growth in volume has been quite significant. So we're obviously very pleased that their volume is growing, what we're talking to them now about is other things that can be added to complement that collaboration, such as offering routine testing to consumers through a combination of our capabilities, they're people ordering genetic tests or have ordered genetic tests, and them now having the opportunity to do direct ordering of routine testing. We have a whole variety of things that we're talking about as ideas that we would like to pursue for expanding our reach to the consumer. With Walgreens, obviously we're in the very early innings with seven stores open, we have a plan for significant expansion next year. But we also want to think about Walgreens as not just we want to expand the patient service center footprint of being more convenient spaces but we want to expand the constellation of capabilities around the combination of drugstore and lab, which again is why we always have insisted that we wanted our consumer channel to be in a healthcare setting. So how do we help the pharmacist practice at the top of the license with things like Medication Therapy Management, and even test ordering in some states. How do we introduce the Covance piece into Walgreens as a patient engagement and patient recruitment tool? How do we use the LabCorp patient database in terms of demographics and diagnoses with the Walgreens patient database in terms of medication that a patient is taking? There are a lot of opportunities there. And so, we not only think about scaling the footprint, but we think about scaling the collaboration and thinking about other retail settings where that's potentially an opportunity for us. In summary, our consumer strategy is focused on not telling the consumer you have to come see us where we are, but meeting the consumer where they want to be met. And you'll see us increasingly pursue that through mobile, through digital, through footprint in the years ahead.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks, guys. See you in a couple weeks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks, guys, obviously a healthy book-to-bill in the quarter, so I'm curious how we should think about revenue conversion given the moving parts of the backlog with Chiltern coming in. How will that pace out in 2018? And then, I know you talked about cancellations being stable. So how comfortable are you with the security of the backlog? I mean, are you expecting the same level of cancellations going forward as recent historical numbers?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: This is John, Patrick. And so, we have within the 2018 guidance, basically organic revenue growth of the mid to high-single-digits; and then obviously the acceleration of the Chiltern. The backlog is based on a contracted basis. So it's as clean as you can possibly get in terms of the rigid discipline that goes into that backlog. Obviously, anytime you have a penetration more and more in the small-medium category, you do get a little bit higher cancellation rate, but at the same time, you get a higher level of growth. 75% of the molecules are there. They have a higher level of R&D funding, and the increase is actually higher than the small and medium, but backlog very stable and strong underneath growth from the conversion. I think, you're also seeing that just in terms of 2017, with the cancellations that we had at the very end of 2016, you went through the first half trough to basically slightly positive in Q3, and then to the mid  low to mid-single-digit growth in fourth, plus we've got outstanding fourth quarter orders, where we picked up the last 12 months, the 1.36 from the 1.33 or the 1.23, or the 1.15 earlier. You're just seeing the resonation of our strategic investments in the team, the technology capabilities utilizing LabCorp patient data to win awards, and then the solutions that come from that, the companion diagnostics.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks. And maybe just a quick one on the deal pipeline, I mean, should we expect you guys to focus more on the lab business with CROs, I mean, I presume valuations in labs have pulled back maybe around PAMA, but curious as to your take there?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Patrick, it's Dave. We evaluate a lot of deals, and we evaluate everyone based on strategic and business fit. So we have said with regard to the CRO, that the flawless integration of Chiltern is the top priority and it remains a top priority. Nonetheless, we'll look at every deal that comes along and see what's the best fit for the business given the needs.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. I was hoping you could elaborate on the organic revenue growth expectations for LabCorp Diagnostics in 2018?
Gary M. Huff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Hi, Dan. This is Gary. Yes, we're really pleased with the organic growth that we achieved in the fourth quarter as well as for the year. We have a focus on that. We've been focusing on organic growth, and the growth was very broad based. And as Dave mentioned earlier, it wasn't in just a few segments, it was in several segments, but also across all geographies. We will continue to drive our organic growth into 2018. We were happy with it in 2017, but we're not satisfied, and you will continue to see us have more of an intense focus on organic growth.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: And Dan, it's Dave. I think, you should remember in terms of organic growth that revenue was going to be constrained by about that 1% per PAMA that we mentioned, so whenever that top line revenue growth would be, we actually have about a 1% headwind going in. I would expect organic volume growth to be relatively consistent with this year, so that hopefully gives you some framework.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful, and just a quick housekeeping follow-up. Possibly you could be specific on the Chiltern revenue contribution in the fourth quarter?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I think we gave you $550 million for Chiltern for the full-year. And so that should give you an indication in terms of the fourth quarter. We're not getting into this segment-by-segment guidance and/or delineation, but that should give you a guide.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Hong Tran - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. This is actually Hong on for Erin. Thanks for taking the question. Just one quick one for us on the CRO business. I know you guys disclosed that you expect roughly $2.8 billion of your backlog to be converted over the next 12 months. And that would imply roughly a 70% backlog coverage for the year. What visibility do you have into bookings for sort of the remaining revenues that aren't currently booked or just more generally how are they shaping up into the quarter or 2018?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: This is John. And so, I think, from the standpoint of  we're seeing continued momentum within the order rate. You do have with us  having early development, central labs, clinical development, you do have that mix of the business that converts backlog into revenue faster within the early development, and to another degree in terms of the labs. So that $2.9 billion is consistent with the prior quarter attainment. And so there's fair stability there, but more so on the order rate in 2018. We're seeing the continued momentum across the businesses, whether that's Chiltern accelerating a clinical  or a legacy clinical Covance, whether that's the strength of the labs. And I think you're seeing that in the second half of even 2017. And then early development even, and that's across the board whether that's in BioA, CMC or in the safety assessment, metabolic lead optimization areas. So good visibility, good momentum in terms of the balance of what the bookings need to be in terms of attaining the guidance that we've given.
Hong Tran - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Great. That makes a lot of sense. And then just one follow-up. Where do we stand now in terms of sort of your ability to better monetize that lab data for this year?
Scott Frommer - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Erin (sic) [Hong], I'm sorry. I'm going to ask you to jump back in. That's your third question. We still have a number of people in the queue.
Hong Tran - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah. No problem.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Your line is open.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping you can give a little bit more detail on how much reinvestment you've baked in from tax reform. It look like you've pulled a majority of the benefit down to the bottom line. But I think, in your prepared remarks, you talked about reinvestment in people and infrastructure. So hoping you can split that out for us. And then maybe expectation of any incremental labor cost pressure going forward just given the backdrop, and what your estimate is of wage cost growth going ahead. Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. It's Dave. So without specifically detailing the use of the tax benefit, one, as you saw in the guidance, we are accelerating some capital investments in the business. And that's IT, that's infrastructure, that's patient engagement capability. There's a whole variety of investments to support future growth. The second thing, we talked about investing in our people, so that would be in the context of a one-time bonus to all of our non-bonus eligible employees that will be paid this year based on length of service. And that will be formally detailed at the time that we actually pay, which will be in March. So those are the ways, Ralph, in which we intend to deploy the investments in the business and in the people from tax reform. The wage costs now, obviously, we're in a tight labor market at the same time. As we look at this bonus based on length of service, the number of people who are long-serving employees in our business among our 57,000 colleagues is actually very, very significant. And so we have a lot of stability in the workforce. We think about wage rate inflation as sort of being in the 3% range, and that's how we sketch it out for the future.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with Craig-Hallum Capital. Your line is open.
Per Ostlund - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Thanks. Good morning. This is Per Ostlund on for Kevin today. I wanted to follow-up to, I think, it was Patrick's question earlier regarding M&A. And, Dave, I can appreciate your looking at opportunities across your business. But to the extent that you're looking at labs specifically, does the sort of ongoing uncertainty with PAMA, kind of, keep those discussions in a holding pattern or sort of how would you characterize those discussions that you're having today? And then, I guess, related to that. What is your current viewpoint on the litigation that's going on with CMS and/or any potential legislative relief that the industry is pursuing? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. So the pipeline continues to be robust. At the same time, I'm not sure that the impact of PAMA has been fully realized, particularly in  I was with a large health system CEO last week. And without getting into a lot of detail, I don't think the impact of PAMA on the laboratory operations of the large health system has necessarily been fully filled yet in the executive suites. So I think that we're going to continue to be thoughtful about how we deploy capital toward our acquisitions across the board, and whether PAMA has an impact on that deal pipeline, I think will emerge throughout the year. On the litigation, we have a briefing schedule that would call for all of the papers to be filed with the court in April, by mid-April. The case has been assigned to Judge Sullivan, in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, many, many years ago. I appeared in front of him. He's an excellent Judge, and I think he will give us a very thoughtful evaluation. And I would just say, we continue to feel that we have a very persuasive case that CMS and the data collection process  sorry in the process of promulgating a rule that led to the data collection did not comply with the specific language of the PAMA statute. So obviously, we're optimistic that one, we'll have a decision by sort of the June timeframe, and two, that we'll win the case. We continue to seek a legislative solution as well to engage with CMS. And we'll see how it develops.
Per Ostlund - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair. Your line is open.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. Just a super-quick one, I know, one you've been asked a lot as well. But any updates on the United situation just in terms of when we might hear kind of what's going on there?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Amanda, it's Dave. We've had accelerated pace of engagement with United over the last month-and-a-half. The teams are very much engaged, at my level, at Gary's level, and also at the negotiating team level. And I'm optimistic that we will reach an understanding in a reasonably short timeframe now.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. Yeah, just a couple of follow-up questions. First of all, Dave, just to clarify on United, so you're talking about accelerated conversation. So should we assume that there's no RFP that's going to be issued; that's one. And second one, if you can just kind of talk a little bit about the benefit that you are seeing from the flu season, is that incorporated into your guidance and how it impacted the quarter?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. Obviously, we're a partner with United, but we don't dictate their process, so I can't comment on what their process may or may not entail. I can just say that, we've had accelerated pace of discussions, in my mind very constructive discussions, and I'm hoping that, as I say, we'll reach some sort of a resolution in a relatively short timeframe. In terms of the flu, as everybody knows, we are experiencing an unusually virulent flu season. On the other hand, most of the flu testing that's done is actually point-of-service testing or near-patient testing, it's not reference testing. We did see an increase in flu testing referred to us, but it is not significant enough to have any impact on our results.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just a quick follow-up, Dave, on that last question from Ricky, and I guess, you're certainly recognizing that you guys don't see a lot of direct business as you pointed out, it's often at the point-of-service. Is there any metrics you can talk about because the hospital  the associated hospital admission rates have been up affiliated with the flu. I'm just curious if you're seeing any sort of ancillary benefit to LabCorp deduction there (58:36). Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, Bill. It's Dave. I think it'd be hard for us to identify any ancillary benefit, obviously everybody has read about the increase in hospital admission rates and the pressure on emergency rooms from flu. But it's very unlikely that, that's going to generate any material amount of reference testing for us.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tim Evans with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Just a quick follow-up from me, too; I understand you don't want to give the specific Chiltern contribution in the quarter. But just to help us triangulate a little bit, on the $550 million that you did this year, the run rate on that would be just right below $140 million on a quarterly basis. Just trying to triangulate, it looks like you probably did better than that, call it $140 million run rate in Q4. Is that a fair assumption?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Tim, this is Glenn. I mean, I think how John characterized it is fair, is that we are tracking to roughly that annualized number, maybe slightly ahead of it, but comparable. So if you're trying to back into kind of the organic growth rate just by taking that as a proxy for the quarter will get you to kind of a mid-kind of organic growth rate for the business, and again, accelerating as we get into 2018.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Did you say mid-single-digit organic growth rate? Is that what you just said? I'm sorry.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: That's right, with the benefit of the currency translation. You'll be able to back into the number. But what we've commented about for the quarter organically, again, based upon, as John characterized it, by backing up the Chiltern pro rata for the time we've owned it would get you to roughly a mid-single-digit number with the benefit of currency translation, and then that increasing as we go into 2018.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Donald Hooker with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Donald H. Hooker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Just one from me, so I guess, when I think about the sort of the project LaunchPad at Covance over the next three years producing, I think, you said $130 million of efficiencies, how much of that is kind of investments in digital capabilities around clinical trials like developing your own tools there? Obviously, you have tools around enrollments, but sort of adding new tools around monitoring and adaptive studies and things of that nature? Is that on the sort of the horizon to drive margin expansion for you guys, or are you going to rely on third-party vendors?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: It's Dave. So as we said, LaunchPad  and by the way, it's $130 million incremental, so it's $150 million total over the timeframe. But LaunchPad is both right-sizing and re-engineering, and we did basically the bulk of the right-sizing last year. The reengineering is investment in tools and technologies. It's expanding our Xcellerate platform. It's endpoint. It's PHARMACUITY. It's a number of the other tools that we have developed that are proprietary tools for study start-up, for site monitoring, for remote medical monitoring, for whole variety of start-up and trial management capabilities. And we are going to continue to invest in those and enhance them, and expand our capabilities in digital. And obviously, some of it will be with partners, and some of it will be our own internal efforts. But Covance LaunchPad is about  it fits into our long-term strategy that we talked about our second point, which is streamlining and optimizing the Drug Development process.
Donald H. Hooker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark Massaro with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open.
Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Dave, you called out organic volumes were driven in part by women's health. Can you just speak to the NIPT franchise and how Sequenom is doing and then, maybe any expectations you might have on average risk prenatal testing volumes later this year?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah, Sequenom is doing terrific. Obviously, it's in the run rate now. We're continuing to see very steady growth. We are continuing to add capabilities to the testing platform, which was one of the reasons why we felt Sequenom was such an attractive opportunity for us. And we are winning business in the OB/GYN office because of our one-stop capabilities. In terms of average risk, that's obviously a controversial area in terms of coverage. So there's been some improvement in payer recognition of the value of NIPT for average risk. And we continue to advocate for NIPT and average risk in the average risk population, as obviously do others. So we're hopeful that we'll continue to make progress, but at the same time, it is an area in which the payers are concerned about the escalation of the expense, and they want to be very thoughtful as they make their coverage decisions.
Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. And just as a follow-up, can you speak to your interest level in liquid biopsies? Obviously, there's a lot of buzz in the industry on the Diagnostics side. But in particular, related to therapy selection and late-stage use in oncology?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yes. So we have a number of liquid biopsy projects ongoing. We have a liquid biopsy project ongoing that's actually a part of trials at Covance. There was some liquid biopsy development that was ongoing at Sequenom's R&D that we've revitalized to look at opportunities there. Long-term, I think liquid biopsy is a great opportunity for our industry for exactly the same reason that NIPT was, which is, it takes a procedure that is costly, that involves an invasive procedure and that involves some risk to the patient as well as risks that you're going to miss the critical things you're looking for, which is if you do a prostate punch biopsy, you may miss the cancer in the prostate because you didn't get the right cells and turns it into something that looks for cancer cells in a non-invasive way with a high degree of certainty that we're actually capturing what we're looking for. So it took  I remember, the first time we were presented with the idea of fetal cell sorting, which became NIPT, it was in the early 2000s. And it took over ten years for the technology to be perfected. And we see liquid biopsy as the same type of opportunity, long-term, game-changing, near-term definitely something to be looking at.
Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great, thank you.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing...
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I'm sorry, Justine, go ahead?
Operator: I'm sorry. I'm showing no further questions. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Dave King for closing remarks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: And seeing no further questions, once again, I'd like to reiterate that  my pride in this organization for the achievements of 2017, my personal gratitude, not only to the leadership team, but to the 57,000 colleagues around the world who make it happen every single day, and our commitment to continuing our strength in 2018 and to the greatness of LabCorp, LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance in the future. Thank you for joining us this morning, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Frommer - VP, IR Dave King - Chairman and CEO Glenn Eisenberg - EVP and CFO John Ratliff - CEO, Covance Drug Development
Analysts: Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Jack Meehan - Barclays Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Nicholas Jansen - Raymond James Amanda Murphy - William Blair Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Erin Wright - Credit Suisse Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Securities Mark Massaro - Canaccord Genuity Ralph Giacobbe - Citi Dave Windley - Jefferies Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Rohan Abrol - KeyBanc Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to LabCorps Third Quarter 2017 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Scott Frommer, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Scott Frommer: Good morning, and welcome to LabCorps Third Quarter 2017 Conference Call. As detailed in todays press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Gary Huff, CEO of LabCorp Diagnostics; and John Ratliff, CEO of Covance Drug Development. In addition to our press release, we also filed a Form 8-K this morning that includes additional financial information. Both are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com and include a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during todays call to GAAP. Finally, we are making forward-looking statements during todays call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2016 Form 10-K. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change.  Now Ill turn the call over to Dave King.
Dave King: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. LabCorp delivered record results in the third quarter, with year-over-year revenue growth of 10%, adjusted operating margin expansion of 20 basis points and adjusted EPS growth of 9%. We also reported another quarter of solid free cash flow, enabling us to raise our full year outlook to a new record of nearly $1 billion. During the quarter, we remained active with capital deployment, highlighted by our strategic acquisition of Chiltern, and the continued return of capital to shareholders. In Diagnostics, we have outstanding results, driven by robust organic and total volume growth, even more impressive given the drag on growth of approximately 100 basis points from the impact of the hurricanes. Organic growth was broad-based, led by womens health, medical drug monitoring and our strategic collaboration with 23andMe. In addition, the integration of Mount Sinais outreach business and PAML are proceeding as planned, contributing to our strong performance. Speaking of the multiple hurricanes, our employees and operations team in the impacted regions performed remarkably in the face of adversity, swiftly restoring operations for our patients without any substantial disruption in processing collected specimens. All of our colleagues also contributed generously to relief efforts for each other and for the affected areas. We appreciate their outstanding efforts on behalf of patients and communities in need. In drug development, we had a solid quarter, highlighted by strong net orders and a continuation of our improving trailing 12-month book-to-bill to 1.33 versus 1.11 at year-end 2016. We continue to invest strategically in our team and expand its capabilities, positioning the business to grow organically in line with historical performance in 2018.  Before I update you on our key strategic priorities, I will briefly comment on PAMA. We find CMS actions deeply disappointing and continue to highlight that its actions may significantly reduced beneficiary access to critical laboratory services. In PAMA, Congress specifically instructed CMS to determine market pricing for commercial laboratory services. Market price is to be determined by a survey of the industry, which the congressional board dialogue expressly stated was to include hospital laboratories and to represent the entire market. Unfortunately, CMS overlooked the statutory intent and designed a survey that vastly over-weighted the pricing of independent laboratories, ignoring higher-price physician office and hospital labs, which as we have repeatedly demonstrated, typically charge commercial customers anywhere from 1.5 to 5 times as much as independent labs.  CMS also apparently overlooked OIG reports warning that no hospital labs were expected to report their pricing. Thus, it is not surprising that the preliminary rates published by CMS last month do not reflect market-based Medicare rates for lab testing. How could they, when fewer than 1% of the labs Medicare paid in 2015 even reported data? In fact, only 1,106 physician office labs and 21 hospitals in the entire country reported their commercial rates. It is disappointing that in its first attempt to implement the desirable goal of market-based pricing for Medicare, CMS has missed the mark so badly and proposed unmerited cuts in the critical service that consumes only 3% of Medicare spending in the first place.  We in the industry have again submitted comments to CMS, and we will continue to work closely with Congress and all stakeholders as we explore possible remedies, including legal action as appropriate, focused on aligning the implementation of PAMA with Congress clearly expressed intent. Now I will update you on our progress on key strategic priorities, beginning with our initiatives focused on the combination of Diagnostics and drug development. We continue to advance innovative solutions and patient recruitment into studies that utilize the combination of LabCorp Diagnostics real-world patient and provider data and Covances global physician investigator performance data. During the quarter, we won multiple awards based on this unique capability. For example, we were involved in the competitive bid process to conduct a global Phase II liver disease study for a biopharmaceutical sponsor that has not previously used Covance. Using lab parameters such as mitochondrial antibody level and total bilirubin, we matched the sponsors protocol criteria against the LabCorp patient population, identified a large number of potential patients and secured the award. In another example, we had previously been selected to run a global ulcerative colitis study for a sponsor that has not previously engaged Covance. We followed up this quarter by conducting indication-specific outreach to ulcerative colitis patients who have provided their consent to LabCorp to be contacted about potential clinical trial opportunities, resulting in the identification of protocol-eligible individuals interested in being placed in an active Covance study. Beyond direct engagement with patients and physicians, we continue to work closely with health systems that have expressed interest in becoming preferred partners for LabCorp and for Covances clinical trials. We have signed agreements with several major health systems to form such partnerships, which will enhance efficiency and patient recruitment, increase access to diverse patient populations and deepen our broad-based health system relationships. We continue to lead the industry in our capabilities around companion and complementary diagnostics. We delivered another quarter of double-digit revenue growth year-on-year and won more than $50 million in new awards from a broad mix of pharma and biotechnology customers. These unique capabilities have established LabCorp as the go-to partner in precision medicine. During the quarter, we entered into an agreement with Thermo Fisher Scientific to join its NGS Companion Diagnostics Center of Excellence program, and we have launched the Thermo Fisher Oncomine Dx target panel for non-small cell lung cancer patients. We also entered into an exclusive agreement to distribute OmniSeqs immune profile and tumor profiling tests, strengthening our oncology offering to U.S.-based physicians and global biopharmaceutical customers. In addition to progress on enterprise-wide initiatives, both our Diagnostics and drug development business delivered important successes this quarter. In Diagnostics, we made strong progress in consumer and patient-facing initiatives. Our LabCorp-Walgreens collaboration is off to a terrific start. We are pleased with patient volumes, Net Promoter Scores and patient feedback on the experience at these sites. We expect to expand LabCorp-Walgreens to additional sites in 2018. We continue to make progress in other elements of our consumer strategy. We are introducing LabCorp Express, a solution that allows patients to check in at select PSCs through a custom-built tablet that automatically scans the customers insurance card and drivers license. We also deployed LabCorp PreCheck, a mobile-optimized web application, which allows patients to complete demographic and insurance verification steps prior to arrival at the PSC. These solutions enhance our patients experience and convenience by streamlining PSC workflow, reducing wait times, helping to reduce bad debt by improving the quality of patient information that we collect and create opportunities for patients to learn more about clinical trial opportunities. We will also launch a mobile app version of LabCorp Patient early next year, which will be available for download at various app stores. In our drug development business, we are focused on driving future profitable growth through expanded solutions and enhanced operational capabilities. The acquisition of Chiltern closed on September 1st, significantly strengthening our strategic position in clinical development and accelerating revenue and profit growth within Covance. Chiltern has add highly complementary capabilities to our offering, including scale in Asia Pacific, broader reach into the fast-growing emerging and mid-tier biopharma customer segment, enhanced FSP capabilities and expertise in medical device trials and oncology drug development. The integration of Chiltern is off to an excellent start, and we warmly welcome our new Chiltern colleagues. Our focus on profitable growth encompasses organic investments as well as strategic acquisitions. For example, Covances new biopharmaceutical chemistry manufacturing and control facility is scheduled to open later this year. This investment enhances our ability to provide comprehensive analytical capabilities for development of large-molecule therapies used in the treatment of such life-changing diseases as rheumatoid arthritis, hepatitis C, Crohns disease and cancer. In the past four years alone, Covance has supported more than 1,000 biologics and more than 40 integrated new drug submission packages, including nine of the 10 biologics approved by the FDA in 2016. This investment will enhance our ability to serve this important and growing market. We completed a consolidation of our central lab network as planned and expanded our central laboratory business by opening a European operations center in Mechelen, Belgium. The site allows faster, more cost-effective production and delivery of kits and other clinical trial supplies to our customers outside of the U.S. Finally, our Covance LaunchPad initiative is progressing well. We are finalizing plans for longer-term projects to reengineer our drug development solutions, integrate new tools and technology, enhance the customer experience and sustainably increase our margins. Underpinning our progress in key strategic priorities is our ongoing investment in strong leadership and top tier talent. Last month, we welcomed Dr. Brian Caveney to LabCorp as our enterprise-wide Chief Medical Officer. Dr. Caveney is a nationally recognized clinician and health policy expert who joined us from Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina. In addition, we are pleased to promote Dr. Dorothy Adcock, one of the foremost coagulation pathologists in the United States, to the role of LabCorp Diagnostics Chief Medical Officer. Dr. Adcock succeeds Dr. Mark Brecher, who announced his intention to retire after eight years of exemplary service. We are deeply grateful to Dr. Brecher for his many contributions to LabCorp.  The expertise, experience and vision of our team are important differentiators for LabCorp. To provide you with an opportunity to hear directly from our leaders, to learn more about our long-term strategy and success with key strategic initiatives, as well as to experience a demonstration of our key innovation projects, we will hold an event for analysts and investors on the morning of February 27, 2018, in New York City. We hope to see you there. In closing, we are pleased with our performance in the quarter and optimistic about the years ahead. We continue to make substantial progress on key strategic growth initiatives, advancing innovative solutions available only from LabCorp to a wide range of customers. Thanks to the dedication of more than 57,000 employees around the world who are motivated by our mission to improve health and improve lives, LabCorp continues to deliver significant value to patients, employees, customers, partners and shareholders. Now Ill turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Dave. Im going to start my comments with a review of our third quarter results, followed by a discussion of our LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development segments and conclude with an update on our 2017 guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $2.6 billion, an increase of 9.5% over last year, as acquisitions added 6.9%, organic revenue increased 2.3% and we benefited from foreign currency translation of 30 basis points. This revenue growth was constrained by around 70 basis points due to the impact from multiple hurricanes during the quarter. Operating income for the quarter was $341 million or 13.1% of revenue compared to 324 million or 13.7% last year. During the quarter, we had approximately $50 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily related to the acquisition of Chiltern, facility closures and the forgiveness of amounts owed from patients in areas heavily impacted by hurricanes. Adjusted operating income, which excludes amortization, restructuring charges and special items, was $447 million or 17.2% of revenue compared to 404 million or 17% last year. The increase in adjusted operating income and margin were primarily due to acquisitions, organic volume, price mix and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel costs. In addition, adjusted operating income was negatively impacted by around $15 million due to multiple hurricanes. The tax rate for the quarter was 34.8%. The adjusted tax rate, excluding special charges and amortization, was 33.6% compared to 32.2% last year. This increase was primarily due to the geographic mix of earnings. We continue to expect the full year tax rate to be approximately 34%, which brings the tax rate in the fourth quarter in the range of 35% to 36%. Net earnings for the quarter were $181 million or $1.74 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS, which excludes amortization, restructuring charges and other special items, were $2.46 in the quarter, up 9.3% over last year. Adjusted earnings in the quarter were reduced by approximately $0.09 per diluted share due to multiple hurricanes, which reduced our revenue and caused us to increase our bad debt reserve based upon our historical experience. Operating cash flow was $351 million in the quarter compared to $250 million a year ago. The increase in operating cash flow was due to higher cash earnings and improved working capital management. Capital expenditures totaled $75 million or 2.9% of revenue compared to $66 million or 2.8% last year. As a result, free cash flow was $276 million in the quarter compared to $184 million last year. At quarter end, our cash balance was $409 million, up from $300 million at the end of the second quarter. During the quarter, we invested $1.2 billion in acquisitions and repurchased $42 million of stock. As of September 30, we had $447 million of authorization remaining under our share repurchase program. Total debt at quarter end was $7.2 billion. Following the acquisition of Chiltern, both rating agencies reaffirmed the companys investment grade ratings. The companys leverage was 3.5x pro forma gross debt to last 12 months EBITDA as of September 30. We expect to use a portion of our free cash flow in the fourth quarter to lower the companys leverage by yearend. Now Ill review our segment performance, beginning with LabCorp Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $1.8 billion, an increase of 9.9% over last year. The increase in revenue was driven by acquisitions; organic volume, measured by requisitions; price mix; and the benefit from currency translation of 20 basis points. Revenue per requisition increased 2.4%, benefiting from price mix and acquisitions, including Sequenom, which annualized in September. In addition, esoteric testing grew at a faster rate than core testing. Total volume increased 7.3%, of which organic volume was 2.3%. We achieved this result despite the negative impact on volume of approximately 1% from multiple hurricanes. Acquisition volume was 5.1%, led by the PAML and Mount Sinai transactions. LabCorp Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $374 million or 20.3% of revenue compared to $342 million or 20.4% last year. The $32 million increase in adjusted operating income was primarily due to strong organic revenue growth, acquisitions and LaunchPad savings. The 10 basis point decline in margin was due to the impact from multiple hurricanes during the quarter, which negatively impacted margins by 70 basis points. In addition, the company achieved its three year goal to deliver net LaunchPad savings of $150 million. Although we have reached our targeted savings, the LaunchPad process will continue to drive business process improvements throughout the segment as we complete a number of projects that are underway and identify new opportunities. Now Ill review the performance of Covance Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $761 million, an increase of 8.6% from last year, due to the acquisition of Chiltern, organic growth and the benefit from 60 basis points of foreign currency translation. Adjusted operating income was $109 million or 14.3% of revenue compared to $95 million or 13.6% last year. The increase in operating income and margin were primarily due to the acquisition of Chiltern, organic revenue growth, cost synergies and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by increased personnel costs. During the quarter, we completed the consolidation of our central lab facilities in Europe and the U.S., achieving our three-year target to deliver $100 million in cost synergies. In addition, were on track to generate savings from Covances LaunchPad initiative of $20 million this year, which will annualize to $45 million beginning in 2018. Our planning for the expansion of this three-year initiative is progressing well, and we will provide additional details early next year. The strategic investments that weve made to enhance the businesss leadership, sales force and capabilities continue to pay off, as we posted another strong improvement in net orders and book-to-bill. For the trailing 12 months, net orders were $3.8 billion, an increase of $370 million over last quarters trailing 12 months, producing an improved net book-to-bill of 1.33. Backlog at the end of the quarter was $6.8 billion, of which Chiltern added $1 billion. We expect approximately $2.7 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Now Ill update our 2017 guidance, which assumes foreign exchange rates as of September 30 for the remainder of 2017 and includes anticipated capital allocation. We expect revenue growth of 8% to 8.5% after adjusting for the negative impact from approximately 10 basis points of foreign currency translation. This is an increase over our prior guidance of 5% to 6.5%. We expect LabCorp Diagnostics revenue growth of 8.5% to 9%. This is an increase over our prior guidance of 7% to 8%, primarily due to the consolidation of a joint venture related to the acquisition of PAML. We expect Covance Drug Development revenue growth of 6% to 7.5% after adjusting for the negative impact from approximately 10 basis points of foreign currency translation. This is an increase over our prior guidance of 1% to 3% due to the acquisition of Chiltern. Our 2017 adjusted EPS guidance is $9.40 to $9.60, an increase of 6% to 9% over 2016 and an improvement over our prior guidance of $9.30 to $9.65. We have narrowed the range and modestly increased the midpoint of guidance, as the negative impact from multiple hurricanes during the quarter is expected to be offset by the accretion from the Chiltern acquisition. Finally, we expect free cash flow to be between $970 million and $1.01 billion, an increase of 8% to 13% over last year, and higher than our prior guidance of $925 million to $975 million. The improved outlook is driven by the companys continued strong earnings and working capital management. This concludes our formal remarks, and well now take questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Lisa Gill of JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Lisa Gill: Dave, I apologize, there are three calls going on this morning, so I may have missed your specific comments on PAMA, but I just wanted to have a better understanding, weve heard your competitor talk about it, but is there any way to maybe think about the financial impact as we go into 18? It looks like at this point, we havent heard anything, so my expectation would be that there, the cuts are going to go forward. So anything that you can help to frame the potential impact to earnings would be one. And then just secondly, I just wanted to better understand if you had any comments around United and update on timing around where you are in renegotiating your relationship?
Dave King: So with respect to PAMA, what we have been saying since the beginning of the year is that we expected the reductions, starting with our clinical lab fee schedule revenue, we expected the reductions to be in the range of 6% to 8%. Based on the preliminary rates that have been proposed, and assuming a couple of corrections of obvious errors -- so for example, the lipid panel, the general health panel, were actually proposed to be cut almost 50% in the first year, which is far in excess of the statutory limit of 10%. Assuming those are corrected, we think at this point, that the impact will be toward the highest end -- or to the higher end of that 6% to 8% estimate that weve given of clinical fees -- clinical laboratory fee schedule revenue. So hopefully that helps frame what we think the financial impact is going to be. Obviously, thats all price, and so it largely falls through. I will say, as weve mentioned, there are a number of offsetting items when you think about earnings. Obviously, the continuation of LaunchPad, the projected growth at Covance, the benefit from Chiltern, the benefit from PAML and Mount Sinai and the Covance LaunchPad process will all be offsets to the PAMA reductions. And we also believe that as we continue to expand our patient-facing capabilities with things like the patient estimator, simplifying check-in, rolling those out to our in-office phlebotomists, that we also have some opportunity to offset some of the PAMA impacts with bad debt. And then finally, of course, capital allocation also helps us to offset in terms of EPS, although not necessarily in terms of earnings in year one. So thats how we think about the impact of PAMA and hope that helps frame it a little bit. On United, we continue to have a regular and positive conversation with United, including at the most senior levels of the organization. I dont have any update to give you other than that were pleased with the progress of the conversations. And again, I would say I think its in our interest, and I think United believes its in their interest to get some clarity as soon as we can, recognizing that the contract continues through the end of 2018. And so there isnt any obvious 2018 impact from any of the ongoing conversations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan: I wanted to continue on there, just in terms of your thoughts on the commercial pricing environment. Obviously, the negotiation on the national payer contract is underway, just if you could give us an update on your philosophy as youre negotiating on price versus value proposition versus network access in these discussion, how do you view commercial pricing in the context of PAMA as a possible offset?
Dave King: Jack, good morning. Obviously, the commercial pricing environment over the last several years has been pretty stable. And we expect it to continue to be stable. I certainly think as we go into these conversations, we are making it known to the commercial payers that any price reduction, remember, PAMA is an ongoing process with reporting required once every three years, so any price reductions that they seek would roll through to government pricing in the future. I think that is a constraint off, at least on our willingness to think about significant price reductions in terms of commercial contract renegotiation. Obviously, the discussions are not all about price, they are about the value proposition, they are about what else we bring to the table with Covance beyond pure laboratory services. They are about the value proposition, about our companion diagnostics capabilities and industry leadership, and in the number of areas of esoteric testing and our centers of excellence. So I think there are multiple factors that are part of these conversations. But realistically, theres always a conversation around unit price and we absolutely do our best to maintain unit price stable, and we will continue to do so.
Jack Meehan: Great, thats helpful. And then on Covance, great book-to-bill, glad to see it pivot to organic growth. Can you give us an update on just some of the tangible data points related to the integrated offering, whether its net awards tied to the strategy or number of patients that have opted in for recruitment? And then finally, just with LaunchPad coming up, what the appropriate margin for this business long term is?
Dave King: Yes, Ill make a couple of comments, and then Ill ask John to fill in the details. So the consented patients in the database, I believe, is up around 175,000 now, and again, as we introduce our more customer facing tools to the patient service center and through mobile devices, were optimistic that, that number is going to continue to increase and hopefully grow even more substantially. The data points, again, I cited a couple of them in the prepared remarks. We continue to be at the table. We dont win every study, because theres more to a study than data, theres therapeutic expertise, theres global presence, theres a whole variety of things. Frankly, theres prior experience with Covance that a number of these companies have not had, but were getting to the table, were in the conversations, the data is seen as a valuable asset. And I think thats why you see the strong net orders and the strong book-to-bill in the business. And with that, John, any further color youd like to provide?
John Ratliff: No, its just that now that weve been awarded the $0.5 billion in studies, based on that data, we understand that, that capability is highly valuable to the customers and an important component of the biopharma offering. We saw strength across the segments in terms of the 1.33. Obviously, in order to push the 12 months up continuously were getting higher than the average. But from the 1.1 to the 1.15 to the 1.23 to the 1.33, so showing strength across all segments, especially the central labs.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Dan Leonard: Just one question on the Covance guidance. The range of revenue guidance seems rather wide, with two months left in the year. Can you offer a bit more color on, on what the variables are? Is it just one or two big trials or are there more factors in play?
John Ratliff: I think from the standpoint of now incorporating and integrating Chiltern in, has a little bit of volatility, and anytime youre coming up the range of the organic growth from the cancellations that have impacted revenue up in the last side, now into stronger growth across the segments allows for the reason why the range is where the range is.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, the only thing Id add, too, is we do give different ranges to segments. Obviously, Diagnostics being the bigger one, we use a narrower range, and frankly, a little less volatile over historical trends anyway. But we did narrow the range as we get closer toward the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Jansen of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Nicholas Jansen: First one for me is just kind of organic growth in Covance for both the quarter and for the implied 4Q, just trying to better understand the contribution from Chiltern. I think you kind of called out $550 million of total revenue in 17. You have it for four months, just back of the envelope math suggests that there might be a little bit of delta versus prior expectations on organic growth, so just wanted to flesh that out?
John Ratliff: Yes, Id say our organic revenue growth in the quarter was slightly below our prior expectations. But lets keep the focus. We had strong improvements sequentially, we had improvements in revenue growth year-on-year, and so with the book-to-bill of the 1.33 over the last 12 months, we see now that getting back to the stronger organic growth of that single to mid- to high single-digit growth in the future, and so strong quarter.
Nicholas Jansen: Thats very helpful. And then secondly, appreciate the comments on PAMA, Dave, just wanted to kind of better understand the mechanics for you guys. Is your interpretation that 2019 would be worse than the 2018 level, given the differences between the NLAs and max? Just trying to flesh out if that 6% to 8% cut that youre kind of highlighting towards the higher end of that range, is that a better guy in 19 or a worse guy in 19?
Dave King: All right, I think -- let me first say that obviously 2019 is very uncertain. The PAMA statute provides for a three-year process. In our meetings with CMS, one of the concerns that they have expressed with the statute is, normally, they do things on a one-year cycle. And if its not working right after a year, they have the ability to change course. This statute does not seem to provide them with that and so one of the things were talking with them and Congress about is a legislative fix that this thing does not become a perpetual three-year process, but gives CMS some opportunity to adjust it. So having said that, I would assume that 2019 would be about the same as 2018. Again, we dont have a lot of visibility into what changes CMS may make administratively, but I think in terms of assumptions, thats a reasonable assumption over time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy of William Blair.
Amanda Murphy: I was just hoping you can give us a bit of an update on BeaconLBS. I know that you had talked about that program expanding, and I think it has with United. Theres been some discussion as of late on prior auth programs, and I think United has one coming up here in November, where theyre automating prior auth. So wanted to just see how those are going to work together and then just more broadly, how youre looking at BeaconLBS as a growth driver, longer term?
Dave King: Yes, so were in the process of implementing in Florida, call it a version 2 of BeaconLBS, which responds to some of the concerns that have been expressed by customers and by United about ease of use and other factors. And so Im pleased with the fact that weve developed that and were in the process of rolling it out. We dont have any plans between us and United to roll into further markets at this point, but BeaconLBS has been selected to be the tool for Uniteds molecular test management, which will be starting later this year. So we see positive trajectory here, and well continue to evaluate whats the best way that BeaconLBS can become what we want it to be, which is a physician decision support and utilization tool that leads doctors to right test, right time for the right patients.
Amanda Murphy: Got it. And then just switching gears to the CRO side. So you talked in the past, too, about the building database of consented patients that youve been, I guess, building since the acquisition, really. So where do we stand with that? And obviously, youve talked about data being an important driver of decision-making for biopharma, but is that -- how important is this database? Do you view that as a differentiated asset for you at this point?
Dave King: Well, its Dave. Ill start and then again, if John has further comments. As I mentioned, I think the database is up around 175,000 consented patients. Now to be clear, thats only one of the ways that we can use our data to approach patients. Because we can look at the data, as we did in the liver study that I spoke about in the prepared remarks, identify patients, and then contact them through their physicians who treat them, so that really gives us access to much broader than just the consented database. The consented database is people who have given us consent to contact them directly, and in the ulcerative colitis study, the thing that was encouraging was when we reached out to the consented patients, we had a very high response rate of people who were interested in learning more about the opportunity to enroll in the study. So I do think its a differentiator. I do think the data, particularly because it is identifiable to specific patients with specific results, is a very valuable tool. But as I mentioned earlier, and as Im sure John will elucidate on, its not the only decision point for a sponsor in determining how to reward a study. So John, any further comments?
John Ratliff: No, I just think from the standpoint of when you talk database, you probably need to just broaden that out to data in general. And as Dave said, whether its the diagnostics data in getting the 500,000 specimen tests a day, and/or the global data that we have within the central labs, thats identifying sites, thats getting patient recruitment in an accelerated basis, and thats becoming pervasive on anytime we go out on clinical trial bid defenses, et cetera. And then as Dave stated, it also depends upon your medic, your PM, your team that you put out there. It depends on the preferred sites that we now have that is advantageous. The solutions we now bring to the table with companion diagnostics, with the actual health systems now that are becoming part of the network. We feel like we have a differentiated solution in that regard, and thats helping us win in general and a contributing factor to the 1.33 book-to-bill.
Dave King: And Amanda, just quickly on that, because I did not mention it. We shouldnt overlook the power of the Covance investigator database, because we have information on investigators, all the investigators who conduct trials, not only that Covance runs, but also that Covance is involved in, for example, through the central lab. So not only can we look at patients, but we can look at investigator sites, whos enrolled patients, whos successfully completed trials, whos had a higher retention rate in trials. And thats extremely important, because more than half of the trial sites never enroll a single patient, and to be able to eliminate those from early consideration is a very valuable asset for a sponsor.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich of Craig-Hallum. Your line is now open.
Kevin Ellich: Dave, just wanted to go back to PAMA, dont have questions about the mechanics, but just wondering, can you remind us how much of your commercial revenue is tied to Medicare?
Dave King: So Kevin, a small portion of our commercial revenue is tied to Medicare and it mostly would fall in the managed Medicare and managed Medicaid area, but that in and of itself is not going to significantly change the impact of whatever is implemented with PAMA.
Kevin Ellich: And then just one quick one for Glenn. Looking at the strong cash flow, which is really nice this quarter and the increased guidance, looking at some of the changes in working capital, it looks like accounts payable and unbilled services were sources of cash, AP to the tune of 59 million and unbilled services, 16 million. Can you talk about the moving parts? Should that AP reverse in Q4 or what should we look at?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, overall, the improvement in the free cash flow as well as our guidance, obviously, was tied to the earnings, but also in the broader case of working capital management. Weve seen a lot of progress that weve done through our LaunchPad initiative thats been focused on order-to-cash and using tools to improve DSOs. Each quarter, as you can imagine, theres always going to be some timing difference between different working capital categories, whether they be receivables or payables. We did get a benefit in payables in this quarter, which was a nice contributor, and again, some of that will be timing that should go the other way. Obviously, that would be factored into the full year guidance that we have and therefore, the implied guidance in the fourth quarter still is to generate pretty substantial free cash flow and also includes the benefit year-over-year from bad debt management.
Kevin Kim Ellich: Right. And then can you describe the unbilled services? What is that?
Glenn Eisenberg: Its effectively where were billing or we recognize revenues but weve not billed it yet, so its just going along the time lines of working to various milestones with our customers, so to just some extent, its treated like a receivable. Its, again, weve recognized the revenue, which is included, but weve yet to bill the customer. And therefore, we know thats additional proceeds that will come in, or cash comes in when we ultimately bill them.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Erin Wright: A couple on Covance here. And sorry if you gave this, but can you speak to the nature of the new business wins and did you break out book-to-bill trend for the underlying Covance business or a comparable book-to-bill, excluding Chiltern? And any sort of commentary on RFP flow that you are seeing would be helpful.
John Ratliff: The Chiltern new business was immaterial to the book-to-bill, and on the RFP, we saw progression first to second, second to third, so a nice trend rate in terms of proposals. I think 3Q was comparable to a little bit up from 2Q. And then in terms of the segment approach of the performance of the business, central labs was strong. Obviously, the clinical business integrating in Chiltern in terms of after the September 1 completion and then on the early development a nice momentum on the order rates. So thats a little bit of description in terms of the individual silos.
Erin Wright: And on the preclinical segment, ROA development segment, I guess, how big is that business for you now? And whats your commitment, I guess, to that business over the longer term within your Covance asset?
John Ratliff: Its a great business. We dont break out the segment results, its strong. Obviously, were in the number one, number two position, depending on which area of the segmentation within the preclinical, both the chemistry and the non-chemistry side of the business. And with that leadership position, we feel like we can now really broaden out even some of the areas of service and the menu of science that we bring to the table. And as Dave even stated, our commitment in terms of investing in areas of the business, whether thats the BioCMC or the BioA or in the base infrastructure and large molecule, et cetera, is evidenced by the capital allocation that were putting to the business unit.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Bill Quirk: Couple of questions here. So Dave, I guess, first question. Help us think a little bit about capital allocation in general. And I guess, specifically, has this changed at all in light of PAMA? I would presumably suggest that, I suppose, some lab acquisitions may be a little cheaper now than they were, say, a couple of months ago?
Dave King: Well, I think, Bill, if you look at our history of acquisition activity, we always start with it has to be strategic. And so you look at two significant transactions that weve done this year on the lab side, PAML and Mount Sinai, highly strategic, health-system integrated, New York City market, Pacific Northwest market, multiple joint ventures underneath the PAML structure, just great transactions for us in terms of long term positioning of the business and growth. There is a quite robust pipeline of potential acquisitions, there has been for some time. Again, we are very selective in terms of what we acquire from strategic fit, from geographic fit, from therapeutic fit. And I feel optimistic that were going to see some good opportunities. I dont know that PAMA has changed it that much. It may be that once PAMA is implemented, well see some greater activity around the smaller assets. But we continue to look at all of these assets as do they fit our strategic model, and if they do, then are the valuations reasonable.
Bill Quirk: Okay, got it. And then appreciate the comments around PAMA and the potential effect on private pay business and your comments there. Just a word maybe, Dave, on the traditional fee-for-service Medicaid business. How much of that is tied to Medicare pricing? And then just remind us how should we be thinking about potential exposure.
Dave King: Well, traditional fee-for-service Medicaid is a very small part of our book. Its probably about 2% of the book. It is not tied to Medicare per se, but fee-for-service Medicaid is not allowed to pay more than the Medicare National Limitation Amount, the NLA. So if the Medicare NLA is reduced and now the Medicaid NLA is above it, that -- Im sorry, the Medicaid payment rate is above it, then the Medicaid rate will be reduced, its required by law. The reality is that many state Medicaids already pay well below the current Medicare NLA. So I do not think there is going to be a significant impact from fee-for-service Medicaid in terms of the PAMA pricing.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser: I have a couple of follow-up questions. First of all, obviously, a lot of discussion around PAMA and a lot of moving parts on next year. But if the proposed rates cuts do hold, do you think that you can keep margins flat for the lab segment next year?
Dave King: Ricky, its Dave. I think its too early to make a prediction about what will happen with margins. Obviously, PAMA is a -- will be a headwind. We do have the tailwinds that I mentioned earlier, and Im not going to run through them all again. And we also have the potential to deploy capital toward acquisitions that could -- that could be incremental to margins as well. So instinctively, its going to be difficult to keep margins flat, but Im not prepared to say that we wont be able to at this point without knowing whats really going to happen.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay, thats fair. And then on the M&A point. Volumes in the quarter, both organically, but from acquisitions, were strong. On the M&A, were there any additional acquisitions that you didnt announce that benefited and it drove that 5% contribution to volume, or should we just account for everything that you announced last quarter and not assume anything new?
Dave King: Yes, Ricky, nothing, if you will. For the quarter, we did three acquisitions, obviously, Chiltern for the drug development being the largest and we did two small tuck-ins there. But the acquisition number is not just for the last quarter, but will be for any acquisitions that we would have done over the -- essentially, the last 11 months. So anything that hasnt annualized would be a factor that shows up into what the contribution from M&A is. And then each quarter, new acquisitions coming in and then those that annualize off will change. So in the case of Diagnostics, we commented that Sequenom annualized in September, so obviously, it wasnt for a period of the quarter. This time next quarter, Sequenom will now be a part of our organic growth.
Ricky Goldwasser: But on a sequential basis, to your point, there were in the Diagnostics business, though there were a couple of acquisitions that were not there in the second quarter?
Glenn Eisenberg: Right, very, very small, wouldnt move the numbers, but we continue to be acquisitive and again, they were not meaningful at all.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tim Evans of Wells Fargo Securities. 
Tim Evans: I wanted to come back to the Covance revenue growth guidance. If Im doing my math correctly, using the full year guidance, and if we assume that Chiltern is on track to do the $550 million that you have guided to already, it looks like the organic constant currency revenue for Covance would be about $50 million lower on a full year basis. Am I looking at that correctly? And if not, where might the delta be?
Glenn Eisenberg: All right, Id say the comment that you take the annualized number that weve provided, obviously for Chiltern, and take the four months, will give you a good proxy for the contribution that will come from the acquisition. Weve given you as well the impact from currency, so we do expect organic growth year-over-year within the, call it, the legacy Covance prior to Chiltern. So similar comment within the third quarter. Weve enjoyed good sequential growth off of the base business organically, as well as year-over-year. And the trends, given the strength of the bookings and our existing backlog and what will convert, again, gives us a lot of confidence, as John commented earlier, that well continue to see good revenue growth within Covance going forward, based on all those attributes.
Tim Evans: And I think John did say that organic growth was maybe a little bit less than you were expecting this quarter. Can you talk about why that might be? Was it preclinical, central lab, clinical, anything in particular there that you can help us characterize that?
John Ratliff: I think, from the standpoint of the segments, just slightly less in terms of the early development and clinical, but still having aggregate growth year-on-year in terms of the Covance organic and then sequential growth in all of those segments.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Massaro of Canaccord Genuity. Your line is now open.
Mark Massaro: A two-parter, if I can. I guess, given that a number of tests are facing high single-digit or even 10% cuts per year, Dave, can you speak to how youre thinking about potentially walking away from providing access to certain lower-margin tests, assuming PAMA goes through? And then the second part of that is now that the draft rates have been out for some time now, can you just -- and theres been some broad support joining ACLA, can you just speak to the receptivity maybe youve been hearing in some of the comments and maybe some of the momentum you think that might be communicated through to CMS?
Dave King: First of all, I certainly have never said or meant to imply that it was our intention to walk away from providing any particular test or any particular service to our patients. Were here for the patients, first and foremost, and so that would not be something in our thinking. That said, obviously, we and everybody else in the industry will be looking at our infrastructure, looking at access points, looking at size of the business. We have about 1,800 patient service centers. We have phlebotomists in doctors offices; we have to look at whether were right-sized, given the changes if PAMA gets implemented. I think of more concern in terms of beneficiary access is rural areas where the impact of PAMA will be most demonstrably felt, and yet, fewer than 2% of the data points were from rural laboratories or rural hospitals. Nursing homes, which is a very unique service provided largely by local providers, its a completely different model from our model, which largely is focused on ambulatory patients. These are -- typically, theyre patients who are, obviously, theyre in a nursing facility, many of them are in a bed. Someone has to go out there and draw them and I wont go into all the detail, but its a very different business model. Our concern as an industry is thats where the access will be lost and those are the people who actually most critically need laboratory services, which again, 3% of total Medicare spend and if you look at the OIG reports, the spending trend has been flat over the last three years. So the impact of these cuts is completely out of proportion to what Congress ever intended. Now in terms of the receptivity, the industry collectively, and I want to compliment my CEO and executive colleagues from around the industry, weve had a tremendous amount of activity on Capitol Hill and otherwise, the ACLA, the 21 other health care groups that joined the letter from ACLA urging a delay in the PAMA rates, theres a very strong consensus, including the American Medical Association, the American Hospital Association, the College of American Pathology, that these rates are not right and that CMS should wait to get them right and should do the appropriate thing here. As we said, this is a first foray into market based pricing for Medicare, and its a bad start to what Congress is trying to accomplish. So there is receptivity to thinking about both a near-term and long-term solution, but obviously, the challenge is going to be in the details of how do you get that done, given that weve just filed comments, CMS proposes to finalize the rates. Its the end of October and these rates are supposed to go into effect in two months.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe of Citi. Your line is now open.
Ralph Giacobbe: Just the revenue impact from the hurricane, it looks like about 18 million EBITDA, about 13 million -- Im assuming thats just the sort of leverage of lack of volume. Im assuming Im thinking about that right and is that a good proxy of understanding margin of incremental volume as well?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, Ralph, couple of things that come into play. One, the impact from the reduced volumes. But also we did build up our bad debt reserve during the quarter for the potential challenges of collections in those affected areas, again, based upon what our historical experience. So you have kind of the drop-down on the impact of volume. Obviously, incremental volume for us is very profitable, so that comes down, plus the increase in the bad debt expense, if you will, as a result. So the two of those caused around a $15 million negative impact on our operating income and to your point, around 17 millionish impact on the revenue line.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, thats helpful. And then, Medicare Advantage, just want to confirm that, thats in the commercial bucket, is that right? And if you could maybe just give us a sense of how much is current MA revenue and is that rate closer to commercial or closer to Medicare?
Dave King: Ralph, its Dave. It is in the commercial bucket, I think its broken out as part of managed care revenue. We dont break out specifically how much is Medicare Advantage, and typically, those rates would tend to be commercially negotiated as opposed to set by the Medicare fee schedule. So were five past the hour, everybody, and we have three more people in the queue. I just ask you to make sure that the question youre asking has not already been answered. Please, well try to get to everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Windley of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Dave Windley: Focused on Covance, Im wondering if you could comment on first, the pricing environment across the segments, particularly clinical and preclinical pricing environment, and then opportunities for growth, apart from the traditional target areas. So for example, Asia Pac that youve talked about, Phase IV, real-world, late-phase type areas as examples.
John Ratliff: Dave, in terms of the pricing, its pretty stable. Obviously, all of pharma is looking for efficiencies and more effective approaches to trials and we need to continue then to develop our own efficiencies in-house. So theres always going to be that dynamic, but its a pretty stable environment. And then from the standpoint of the opportunities, we consider, when I look across the spectrum, number one, the Chiltern acquisition now opens up a much more broader infrastructure, much more broader base to now attack the faster R&D growth environment of the small, medium, emerging, because their dollars are growing more in the high singles than the large pharma.  We do see opportunities in terms of the real-world areas. Asia Pacific, we just added now another 700-plus employee base, they can go attack the Asia Pac environment. We see early clinical and in terms of a very positive opportunity base, but even some of our base businesses, Dave, in terms of whether its on the safety assessment, the metabolic lead optimization, the central labs, building upon your strength, building upon the significant technical resources that you have, we see that the base is growing. So appropriate question, were all looking for those adjacent opportunities and we see Covance primed to take advantage of that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Isaac Ro: Question for you as it relates to M&A. If we look at the PAMA situation here as it relates to your competitors, mostly the smaller ones, how do you expect this to precipitate potentially a broader opportunity set for M&A? As some of these smaller labs look to sort of make strategic decisions here as to whether they want to stay independent. Im just curious, if considering that plays out, whether or not you think thatll take a few months to start accelerating or could it take a lot longer than that?
Dave King: Yes, its Dave, as I said in response to this question when Bill Quirk asked it, I think that the M&A environment and the pipeline has been pretty robust. I think its going to continue to be robust. Im not sure what the impact will be on the smaller labs, whether it will be M&A, whether it will be that theyll try to throw in their lot with the hospitals, its just very unclear. But we like the acquisition pipeline and we will continue to be selective in the deals that we choose to do.
Isaac Ro: Maybe more specifically, then, sorry, I didnt ask it properly. Is it fair to say that youre not seeing a change in behavior from those other labs at this point, because its early. Im just trying to get a sense of what the reaction has been?
Dave King: Yes, thats an accurate statement.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Rohan Abrol of KeyBanc Capital.
Rohan Abrol: Yes, just a quick one from me. I just wanted to know if you are seeing any particular trends youd like to point out with respect to the FSP and full-service elements of the CRO business?
John Ratliff: Well, I see that continuing. I havent seen the shift from programmatic to FSPs. Ive just seen a continuing penetration of the FSPs. Weve seen a couple of companies actually go more balanced from just an FSP strategy to more of a, as an example, programmatic in the oncology versus FSP on all other. But with that in mind, we then, with Chiltern, now add a greater talent base, where they are focused on the FSP business was more in that data management stack, programming, to now bring forward an enterprise offering with Covance having the FSP CoSource business with respect to the monitoring. So now being an enterprise offering that encompasses all the different segments, and now trying to take advantage of that broader-based service offering.
Operator: And Im showing no further questions at this time. Id like to hand the call back over to Mr. Dave King for any closing remarks.
Dave King: Thank you very much. In closing, I just want to, again, thank all of the 57,000 colleagues for a really terrific performance in the quarter. Again, recognize the efforts on behalf of patients and the community in response to these very impactful storms and reiterate the -- we are very, very pleased with our very strong performance in the quarter and were extremely optimistic about the future of our business in the years ahead of. Thank you, and good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. That does conclude todays program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Frommer - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings Gary M. Huff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings
Analysts: Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co. Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Donald H. Hooker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q2 2017 LabCorp Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. I would now like to introduce your host for this conference call, Mr. Scott Frommer. You may begin, sir.
Scott Frommer - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning and welcome to LabCorp's second quarter 2017 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Gary Huff, CEO of LabCorp Diagnostics; and John Ratliff, CEO of Covance Drug Development. In addition to our press release, we also filed a Form 8-K this morning that includes additional financial information. Both are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com and include a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. Finally, we are making forward-looking statements during today's call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy, and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2016 Form 10-K. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. LabCorp delivered record results in the second quarter, highlighted by excellent performance in the Diagnostics business, a substantial increase in net orders and book-to-bill in the Drug Development business and continued strong progress on our enterprise initiatives. We reported year-over-year growth in revenue, adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS against our strongest quarter from last year. In addition, we reported solid free cash flow of $240 million and returned $100 million to shareholders through share repurchases, bringing our year-to-date total repurchases to over $250 million. The distinctive advantages of our integrated solutions are resonating with customers and partners. In the quarter, we announced two significant partnerships and closed several major health system transactions. We are collaborating with Walgreens, Novant Health, Mount Sinai, Providence Health & Services and Catholic Health Initiatives, prestigious healthcare organizations that share our focus on the innovation to improve health and improve lives. Through these partnerships, we are expanding the impact of our offerings, developing innovative solutions for the rapidly changing healthcare environment and driving long-term profitable growth. In Diagnostics, despite the unfavorable impact from the calendar of approximately 150 basis points, we had outstanding top line growth with another quarter of significant increases in both total and organic volume as well as in revenue per requisition. Our broad-based strength and utilization was powered in part by our strategic focus on women's health and reproductive genetics. Our acquisition of Sequenom, a leader in non-invasive prenatal testing, has reenergized our larger genetic testing portfolio and is performing ahead of expectations. I also would like to highlight our longstanding strategic collaboration with 23andMe, which has demonstrated an impressive growth trajectory, represents an important innovative component of our consumer-facing offerings and presents further strategic collaboration opportunities. In Drug Development, the trends improved as we expected. Although our financial performance was down year-on-year, consistent with our guidance, we completed our third straight quarter of strong net orders and improved our trailing 12-month book-to-bill to 1.23. This trajectory positions the business to resume growth the remainder of the year and accelerate growth in 2018 and beyond. Moreover, as anticipated, we delivered sequential improvement in revenue, adjusted operating income and margin and generated initial savings from the Covance LaunchPad initiative. Now I will update you on progress during the quarter on key strategic initiatives, beginning with our initiatives focused on the power of our combination of Diagnostics and Drug Development. From the time of the Covance acquisition, we identified the combination of LabCorp Diagnostics' patient insights and Covance's global position in investigator performance data as an attractive growth opportunity. This data-driven competitive advantage continues to yield strong results. LabCorp patient data has helped Covance secure approximately 25 new awards since the acquisition in multiple therapeutic areas, including oncology, infectious disease, cardiovascular and gastroenterology. The dollar value of these awards continues to increase, and we are approaching $0.5 billion in orders won. The combined data is part of almost every proposal we submit and is increasingly valued by sponsors. We are pleased with the ongoing revenue contribution from these projects and enthusiastic about the pipeline of future opportunities to leverage our unique data set. In one recent example, our Informatics team illustrated to a key large bio-pharma client how our proprietary insights can reveal patient availability, anticipate site performance, and inform protocol design and exclusion inclusion criteria. Access to the data set supported our clinical and medical operations teams and led the client to select Covance as one of two preferred CRO partners to develop its late-stage portfolio, consisting of a series of trials in diabetes, neurology and oncology. We further highlighted at the time of the acquisition the importance of our companion diagnostics offering. LabCorp is uniquely positioned in this important sector of precision medicine with our end-to-end development capabilities through Covance and our commercialization channel from Diagnostics. Our industry-leading expertise and experience is evident from LabCorp's role in the development of approximately three quarters of the companion diagnostics in clinical use today. During this quarter, we opened a dedicated state-of-the-art companion diagnostics laboratory in North Carolina and delivered double-digit increase in year-on-year revenue aided by continued growth in immuno-oncology services. We also won $100 million in companion diagnostic-related awards during the first half of the year, a record result. Our pipeline spans a diverse range of oncology and non-oncology indications with new and established clients and positions us well for growth in the future. Our last key enterprise initiative involves health systems, which continued to see broad-based solutions from us. In response, we are focused on cultivating deep enterprise-wide relationships, including access to clinical trials and research opportunities through Covance, enhanced technology applications, data analytics, standardized testing platforms and broad patient care management and access. Our emphasis on strategic, profitable and mutually beneficial partnerships demands a selective approach to expanding our business in this area. Mount Sinai, PAML and Novant Health contributed to our strong top line results in the quarter. And the announcement of partnerships with these leading health systems continues to invigorate our already-robust pipeline of premier health system opportunities. We continue to invest in our team and capabilities to drive this important strategic growth initiative. In addition to progress on enterprise-wide opportunities, our individual businesses also delivered important successes in the quarter. I mentioned the value of strategic partnerships a few moments ago. Last month, we announced our LabCorp, Walgreens collaboration to locate patient service centers in Walgreens stores. By bringing our lab testing services to a high quality, healthcare-centric retail environment, we will enhance patient convenience, increase direct patient engagement, broaden our channel in the market and build brand identification and loyalty. We view the LabCorp, Walgreens initiative as additive to our existing PSC footprint, providing attractive opportunities to strategically expand our channel and customer access points with a globally-trusted partner. In addition, this collaboration presents significant opportunities to leverage our complementary offerings and expertise to jointly deliver patient care. We also made strong progress in other elements of our consumer strategy, changing the way care is delivered. We now offer a pre-draw estimate to patients with most commercial insurance plans that shows their anticipated out-of-pocket costs. This service is available at all LabCorp patient service centers and a growing number of sites where LabCorp phlebotomists collect specimens in physician offices. We also continue to add content to our web-based cost estimator that allows consumers to calculate their out-of-pocket costs for testing services based on their health insurance information before their encounter. These solutions will help patients make informed financial decisions related to the transparent cost of our services. In addition, we continue to enhance the patient experience and convenience in our patient service centers through easy self check-in options, opportunities to learn more about clinical trials and free WiFi. Our customer focus extends beyond the patient and consumer experience. We continue to invest in technology to expand our offerings for hospitals, health systems, ACOs, large provider groups and managed-care partners. We are focused on enhancing our integrated data capabilities, including self-service report delivery, high frequency data feeds and new patient care management and trending insights. These upgrades will continue to support our customers' value-based care and population health management initiatives. In our Drug Development business, we continue to invest in the future. Our focus on accelerating growth includes attracting additional strong talent, leveraging the breadth of our Drug Development offerings and further differentiating our award-winning Xcellerate Informatics platform. These areas of emphasis underpin the important role that Covance plays in bringing innovative medicines to patients faster. During the quarter we continued to deepen the Covance bench, adding experienced clinical development leadership and strategic partnering, deal development in key therapeutic areas. The strong net orders, increased backlog and improved book-to-bill in the quarter were driven by the depth of our customer relationships and the execution of our commercial organization. Covance's differentiated offering is rooted in its comprehensive Drug Development solutions, diverse therapeutic expertise and its one Covance collaborative approach. For example, a recent Phase III win for an oncology drug highlights our integrated development approach focused at the molecule level. We initiated work on this molecule in 2011, with the first in-human dosing study and subsequently executed the Phase II trial as well. This longstanding engagement on a single product produced a strong level of trust with the customer, created opportunities to win other awards, enhanced efficiency and quality in the Drug Development process, and reduced its costs. Our deep scientific and therapeutic expertise is another point of differentiation. We continue to be successful in higher-value therapeutic areas and indications such as immuno-oncology, NASH and diabetic nephropathy, complex disease states in which customers have repeatedly chosen Covance. The biomarker-driven nature of these clinical indications aligns particularly well with the strength of our combined company. Lastly, we added new capabilities to our Xcellerate Informatics Suite during the quarter, including the Xcellerate Risk and Issue Management module. This application empowers clients with improved workflow management capabilities, replacing current manual tools. We also implemented further product enhancements, enabling Xcellerate users to drive operational efficiency and reduce the number of manual tracking documents. The investments we are making in Covance extend beyond our focus on revenue growth. As discussed last quarter, the expansion of LaunchPad is underway as we are rightsizing the resources supporting each business area. We are also focused on longer-term business process improvement initiatives to re-engineer Drug Development solutions, utilize new tools and technology, enhance the customer and employee experience, sustainably increase our margins. We continue to make solid progress advancing this initiative, adhering to the roadmap of our highly successful Diagnostics LaunchPad initiative. In closing, we continue to deliver strong performance as we make substantial progress on our key strategic initiatives, capitalizing on multiple growth opportunities across our markets. Fueled by the contribution of more than 50,000 colleagues around the world, LabCorp's ability to improve health and improve lives, differentiated solutions, participate in global healthcare markets, and unlock long-term shareholder value has never been stronger and will create tremendous value in the quarters and years ahead. Now I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you, Dave. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our second quarter results, followed by a discussion of our LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development segments and conclude with an update on our 2017 guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $2.5 billion, an increase of 4.9% over last year, as organic revenue increased 1.9% and acquisitions added 3.6%. This growth was partially offset by unfavorable currency translation of 60 basis points. In addition, revenue growth was constrained by approximately 100 basis points due to the unfavorable impact from the year-over-year comparison to Leap Year and the timing of the Easter holiday. Operating income for the quarter was $336 million or 13.4% of revenue, compared to $366 million or 15.3%, last year. The decline in operating income was due to restructuring charges and special items in the quarter of $50 million compared to $15 million a year ago, primarily related to severance in connection with the Covance LaunchPad initiative and the termination of a software development project. Adjusted operating income, which excludes amortization, restructuring charges and special items, was $437 million or 17.5% of revenue, compared to $425 million or 17.9% last year. The increase in adjusted operating income was primarily due to favorable price mix, acquisitions and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel costs. The 40-basis-point decline in margin was due to the impact from the year-over-year comparison to Leap Year and the timing of the Easter holiday. The tax rate for the quarter was 33.7%, down from 34.5% last year, primarily due to the company having a higher percentage of its earnings in lower tax rate foreign jurisdictions in the quarter. The adjusted tax rate, excluding special charges and amortization, was 33.6% compared to 33.8% last year. We continue to expect the full-year tax rate to be approximately 34%. Net earnings for the quarter were $189 million or $1.82 per diluted share, adjusted EPS, which excludes amortization, restructuring charges and other special items, were $2.47 in the quarter, up 4.7% over last year. Operating cash flow was $311 million in the quarter compared to $350 million a year ago. The decline in operating cash flow was primarily due to higher working capital requirements. Capital expenditures totaled $69 million or 2.8% of revenue, compared to $67 million or 2.8% last year. As a result, free cash flow was $241 million in the quarter compared to $283 million last year. Year-to-date, free cash flow was $403 million, an increase of 19% over last year due to higher cash earnings and lower working capital usage. At quarter end, our cash balance was $300 million, down from $366 million at the end of the first quarter. During the quarter, we invested $416 million in acquisitions and repurchased $108 million of stock. As of June 30, we had $490 million of authorization remaining under our share repurchase program. Total debt at quarter end was $6.1 billion and the company's leverage was 3.2 times gross debt to last 12 months EBITDA. Now I'll review our segment performance, beginning with LabCorp Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $1.8 billion, an increase of 8.4% over last year. The increase in revenue was driven by acquisitions, organic volume, measured by requisitions, price and mix, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation of 30 basis points. Revenue per requisition increased 3.6%, benefiting from price mix and the Sequenom acquisition. In addition, esoteric testing grew at a faster rate than core testing. Total volume increased 5%, of which organic volume was 1.9%. We achieved this result despite the negative impact of approximately 1.5% from the year-over-year comparison to Leap Year and the timing of the Easter holiday. Acquisition volume was 3.1%, which includes our recently completed PAML and Mount Sinai transactions. LabCorp Diagnostics' adjusted operating income for the quarter was $375 million or 20.8% of revenue compared to $355 million or 21.4% last year. The $20 million increase in adjusted operating income was primarily due to strong organic revenue growth, acquisitions and LaunchPad savings, partially offset by higher personnel costs. LaunchPad remains on track to deliver net savings of $150 million through the three-year period ending this year. The 60-basis-point decline in margin was due to the impact from the year-over-year comparison to Leap Year and the timing of the Easter holiday. Now I'll review the performance of Covance Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $700 million, a decline of 3.1% from last year. Excluding the impact from approximately 140 basis points of negative currency, revenue was down 1.7% compared to last year, primarily due to the cancellation of two large clinical studies in late 2016. We continue to expect to achieve higher revenue and margins both sequentially and year-over-year in the second half of this year. Adjusted operating income was $95 million or 13.6% of revenue compared to $108 million or 14.9% last year. The decline in operating income and margin were primarily due to lower revenue and increased personnel costs, including targeted strategic investments in the clinical business to support growth, partially offset by favorable price, mix, cost synergies and initial savings from the Covance LaunchPad initiative. We remain on track to achieve our target of $100 million in cost synergies through the three-year period ending this year and have largely completed the remaining consolidation of our central lab facilities in Europe and the U.S. In addition, we continue to expect to generate initial savings from Covance's LaunchPad initiative of $20 million this year, which will annualize the $45 million beginning in 2018. We are also actively planning for the expansion of this initiative and we will update you when our planning is complete. The strategic investments that we have made to enhance the businesses' leadership, sales force and capabilities are beginning to pay off as we posted a strong improvement in net orders and book-to-bill. For the trailing 12 months, net orders were $3.4 billion, an increase of $200 million over last quarter's trailing 12 months, producing an improved net book-to-bill of 1.23. Backlog at the end of the quarter was $5.5 billion and we expect approximately $2.1 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Now I'll update our 2017 guidance, which assumes foreign-exchange rates as of June 30 for the remainder of 2017 and includes the anticipated capital allocation. We expect reported revenue growth of 5% to 6.5% after adjusting for the negative impact of approximately 10 basis points of foreign currency translation. This is an increase over our prior guidance of 3.5% to 5.5%. We expect LabCorp Diagnostics reported revenue growth of 7% to 8%. This is an increase over our prior guidance of 5% to 7%, primarily due to continued strong organic growth and acquisitions. We expect Covance Drug Development reported revenue growth of 1% to 3% after adjusting for the negative impact of approximately 20 basis points of foreign currency translation. This is an increase over our prior guidance of 0% to 2%. We expect revenue growth of 1.2% to 3.2% on a constant-currency basis, which is consistent with our prior guidance. Our 2017 adjusted EPS guidance is $9.30 to $9.65, an increase of 5% to 9% over 2016 and higher than our prior guidance of $9.20 to $9.60, primarily due to the strength of our second quarter results. And finally, we expect free cash flow to be between $925 million and $975 million, unchanged from our prior guidance. This concludes our formal remarks and we will now take questions. Operator?
Operator: Our first question comes from Nicholas Jansen with Raymond James & Associates.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. Congrats on a strong quarter. Just wanted to get a better understanding of the core  the accelerating organic revenue growth that's built into the Covance guidance for the back half of the year. I know net orders and book-to-bill have been really strong over the last two quarters but just your level of visibility in terms of backlog conversion. Are we through kind of a lot of the noise that we've seen over the last 12 months on revenues? Thanks.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah, I think that you pegged it. It is based on the backlog that we have and then the last 12 months book-to-bill, the 1.23 in the last 12 months and that's up from the 1.15 as of last quarter and 1.11 at the beginning of the year. That net order rate will then allow us to have revenue growth in the second half of 2017. We expect revenue growth in all segments, ED, clinical and central labs. And that, obviously, then allows us to push through the reason for the slower revenue growth in the first half, it was primarily due to the cancellation by the sponsors, the two large studies in late 2016. And so that is the rationale for the revenue growth and backlog conversion. Although slower, based on the complexity of the trials as well as mix, as well as start-up, we do see the revenue growth for the second half and therefore the implied revenue growth in all segments.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: And, Nick, it's Dave. Just a reminder that the cancellations will annualize in 4Q, so that will improve the year-over-year comp as we get toward the end of the year.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. And my follow-up question would be on the Diagnostics side. Clearly demonstrating strong organic volume growth, actually accelerating sequentially. Just maybe give us an update on your market share positioning right now. How are these new health system relationships that you've developed over the last 12 months kind of helping that figure? And then how do we think about the pipeline for M&A as the reimbursement environment continues to be in flux for some of these hospital labs, which will face more  greater reimbursement pressures relative to you guys? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: It's Dave. I'll start, and then if Gary has any further comments. So, obviously, we're very pleased with the organic growth and a number of factors are contributing, the women's health focus, the immuno-oncology and companion diagnostics, genetics driven by Sequenom, 23andMe has been a major contributor to organic volume growth as well. The health system partnerships are off to an excellent start. Obviously, they're  we're in early days with both Mount Sinai and PAML, but they have both exceeded our expectations in terms of performance up to this time and contribute volume as well as additional opportunities for strategic partnership and growth. So we're very pleased with the caliber of the institutions that we're forming these deep partnerships with and we continue to see a robust pipeline of opportunities for hospital partnerships.
Gary M. Huff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: And Dave, I'd like to add on to that as well. Nicholas, we saw very broad-based growth in organic, which was very encouraging, because we have had a strategy of focusing on increasing and enhancing customer value through deeper patient or customer relationships. And I think when you go to the health systems piece, once again, our strategy of creating deep, broad-based relationships with anchor health plans or health systems helps us to create additional value through added products and solutions.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to continue on the lab side. A much bigger organic volume number we were expecting, especially in light of the calendar. Did you see any inflection in the underlying trends at all? And then similar to the hospital commentary, in addition to just doing deals, are you seeing any additional willingness to outsource versus in-source with some of the regulatory changes on the horizon?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Jack, it's Dave. I'll take the second part of the question first. Obviously, we're in a position where there is considerable uncertainty about what particularly the government reimbursement environment is going to look like going forward. I don't think that's changed a lot of perspectives in terms of the hospital labs. I think maybe it's accelerated some decision making. But we see more a desire to, at least in the customers that we're targeting, to partner broadly at the strategic level around the on-site laboratory, the reference work, the pathology, the patient recruitment, the care management, the analytics and that's our focus and has always been our focus in terms of how we think about these health system partnerships. So we're optimistic that we're going to continue to have significant deals to announce, but they take time and as we said in the prepared comments, we want to be selective about how we choose to allocate our resources and where we can bring the most value.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And then  and just on the first part of that question, related to any sequential underlying trends in the volume rate?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I don't think there's any particular inflection points. We've seen a nice, steady increase across a number of these areas. I will say, obviously, the non-invasive prenatal testing is growing and that's pulling along other OB/GYN work, which is really one of the major value propositions that we have with Sequenom. So  but we're seeing nice, broad-based growth across the core and with esoteric growing a little bit faster than the core business, we're seeing strong positives across the environment.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And if I could just follow up on PAML, how much revenue percentage remains with the JVs that remain outstanding? And did that contribute to any of the margin decline there in the lab business?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: So the  I don't have the specific number in terms of the revenue that's outstanding but in terms of the margin decline, remember the impact of the days explains the margin decline entirely. That said, we would've had margin improvement but for the mix down from the acquisitions that have closed because they're not fully integrated into the business yet and so they haven't reached operating margins.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah. The one thing I'd just add, albeit it's what David said, the acquisitions obviously did have a negative mix impact on our margins as they become fully integrated. But with your specific question on the JVs, until they're consolidated, if you will, they show up below our lines, so really not impacting our operating income at the segment level but ultimately when we close those deals, the net income will move up to the segment as well.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Thanks very much. Dave, I just wanted to start with PAMA. Yesterday Quest had made a comment that the ACLA had met and reiterated the thought that not everyone that's being included today or not  all the hospital outreach to be included are not necessarily being included and basically thought that perhaps that this could be pushed out from a timeline perspective. I just wanted to get your thoughts around that.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, we sent a letter to CMS, met with the CMS Administrator, have had multiple legislative and executive branch meetings, explained that the data set that they are reviewing includes only approximately 5% of the hospital volume that goes through hospital labs. And as we know, there's a significant delta between what hospitals get paid by commercial insurance and what independent laboratories get paid. So as we've said from the very beginning, the Congress intended to have a market-based approach, and the rule that CMS wrote, and we said this in our initial comments of the rule and we've been saying it ever since, the rule that CMS wrote looks at a highly selective portion of the market in a way that doesn't reflect the true market. So we've asked for a six-month delay for them to fix the rule to allow for inclusion of the hospital laboratory, outreach laboratories and the commercial pricing that's not included. I don't have any insight on whether that would be permitted or not other than to say that ACLA and all of our colleagues in the industry and other laboratory trade associations as well and the hospital trade associations have been involved in discussions with CMS and with the legislative and executive branch about trying to make this proposal work the way that it was intended to work. So I'm hopeful that we'll get a better resolution than what we have seen to-date.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: And when will we hear, though, about the  so you send the letter, you go through this whole process, is there a timeline that they need to respond to you in X number of days so we would know before the ruling comes out in September? Or would it be simultaneously that they  or they come out at that point and say, look, we're going to delay it because we've now taken a second look and we've decided the following? I mean, I'm just trying to understand this better from a timing perspective.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah. I wish there were specific requirements, but there are not. So when we were having trouble loading the data in the portal, we made multiple requests for an extension of the deadline and we didn't hear for quite a while, and then they agreed to extend the deadline, pretty close to the initial deadline, which, as I recall, was in March, and they gave us a 60-day extension. So we're optimistic that they'll respond in a timely fashion. I will say, though, we are obviously preparing for next year on the assumption that there's not going to be any change in the implementation and that we need to take the appropriate actions to manage whatever will come out in September.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Valiquette with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Dave, so from the CRO business, we can obviously infer from the improved TTM (35:59) book-to-bill that bookings were strong in the quarter. I'm not sure if you touched on this before or not, but just how do we think about the bookings trends in early-stage development versus late-stage? Are you seeing, perhaps, greater strength in one side more than the other or are things pretty broad-based as far as the improvement in net orders?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: This is John. And thanks for the question, Steve. The strength is pretty broad-based. This past quarter, it was actually from the lab side. Over the last three quarters, it's been over  the strongest unit would be on the clinical side. And then early development, though, had strength, even last quarter, and so the proposals are up in the early development area as well as quarter-to-quarter on clinical and the lab side. So just to say that the strength's in all areas, the 1.23 book-to-bill is even with a weak third quarter of 2016 inside of it. So we look to continue that strength throughout the second half.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And one other quick follow-up. I know you guys talked previously about, perhaps, improving your functional service provider or FSP offerings. Where do we stand on that right now? And has that helped in any of the accelerated bookings in the quarter?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: It has helped in terms of the first half. We have actually a pretty robust business in terms of the FSP and the monitoring areas with a number of different large clients. And at the same time, we'd like to strengthen the FSPs and the biometrics area, et cetera, but nice strength within the FSP area. That also say in that clinical business, we've actually seen nice diversity of the business wins, we know we've talked to you about oncology, and it'll stay a strength in our backlog. But we've had that even broaden out to the FSP business, to the cardiovascular, metabolic areas as well. And so somewhat stabilized in that regard, and given wider diversity on the strength of our talent that we've added and/or the strength of the talent that we have within the business.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. That's helpful color. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Muken with Evercore ISI.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Just sticking sort of in the same vein as Steve, as we think about all the M&A that's going on in the CRO side, obviously you guys are much farther into your process in terms of having integrated the asset. And, obviously, others have dealt with also a number of the industry challenges. As you think about sort of the potential for share gains in the market now that you could potentially exploit some of the investments you've made and utilize the technology portion. And hopefully we're sort of through this period of cancellations, although that's always tough to predict. How are you thinking about the setup of you versus the remainder of the space from that perspective? And whether or not, particularly on the clinical side, you guys can start making greater strides? Obviously, this quarter orders were great, but consistently show maybe some share progression over the maybe next 36 or 24 months?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Ross, this is Dave. Obviously we're happy to comment on our own business, and, I think, John has done an excellent job of that. I think we're extremely well positioned. We continue to invest in the things we need to be positioned in. We continue to invest in the areas that we need to strengthen, such as the FSP and some of the therapeutic areas. So I think we're going to be very well positioned. Ultimately, how we get selected is a combination of our strengths and capabilities, our technology, our leadership, our relationships. And we're pleased about where we are, and we're pleased about the improvement. And I think that's all we're going to say on the topic of share and share gain because a lot of that has to do with where the competitors are. It's really not our practice to give commentary on the position of our competitors in the market.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: And I'd just say, Ross, just to  on our strength, A, we're proving it in terms of the net orders. Second, we're proving it with approaching the $500 million in terms of the orders based on data. We're proving it on, as Dave said, companion diagnostics, a solution that's evidence of the combination. We're proving it on really the high level of interest from the health systems and becoming preferred clinical partners. And we're proving it even from the opt-ins that are coming from the patient service centers in terms of the 145,000. And then finally, this is a people-based business, and we're adding talent. We're adding executive talent and deepening our bench, so we feel good about the future.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amanda Murphy with William Blair.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey. Thanks. I just had a couple more questions on the Covance side. So, I guess, Dave and John, you've been pretty open with the need to scale the clinical business. So I just wanted to get your latest thoughts there. How you're thinking about increasing exposure to some of the things you've talked about, small, mid-cap pharma, Asia (42:22), et cetera, just especially given the number of CRO assets you've traded so far this year?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Amanda, it's Dave. I think the most important thing for people to take away from what's happened so far this year is we're a disciplined and focused buyer, and when we buy, it's going to be an asset that fits our needs and meets our financial return criteria. And so we're still interested in doing the things that we've talked about. On the other hand, I should be very clear that we don't have to do anything. We don't have to overpay for an asset. We don't have to acquire something that's not the right fit for us financially, culturally. So we're going to continue to evaluate our position, invest internally in building our strengths, as John has made reference to, and when we have something further to update you on, we'll absolutely do that.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. And then also just a question on the cancellations that are pretty well discussed, but I was curious if you could help us understand the performance of Covance, sort of excluding that in the quarter, was revenue in line with your expectations? And then just thinking about that cancellation  the two cancellations, just how they progressed over the year. I think that will be helpful just to get a sense. Obviously, you talked about Q4, but just in terms of how that's impacted the year so far and then Q3, or the rest of the year, I guess, would be helpful. Thanks.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah, cancellations this past quarter, first half, first three quarters of last year, all in line. The only abnormal one was where we noted in the fourth quarter, and from that vantage point, we, obviously, called that out on the two large studies within the central labs. So cancellations are right in line with what's transpired on five of the last six quarters.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: And I think, Amanda, to your specific question on the progression, I think the impact of the cancellations was fairly immediate. So it was first  it was fourth quarter mostly, and then a little bit lapped over into the first. So that's why you would see the comp in the fourth quarter being over a lower number.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah. Hi. And obviously, in terms of those cancellations that kind of happened in November, that's why Dave said, they annualize in the fourth quarter, and then, obviously, then 2018 will be a much more normalized year with respect to that.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: So just from that cancellation perspective, the impact, I mean, I get the annualization piece of it, but the impact through the year, is it straight line then? Or is it  I think you were saying it was a larger effect right away and then it should diminish, even excluding the annualization point.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yes. Amanda, this is Glenn. Yeah, the impact was pretty straight-lined. It was an active program that was scheduled to go through the full year, if you will, for most of the year, and so expect each quarter until we get to the fourth quarter to have the same impact.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Wright with Credit Suisse.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great, thanks. On the CRO business, can you speak to the overall RFP environment as well as the biotech funding environment? And how your integrated offering is resonating across the larger pharma versus smaller biotech customers? Thanks.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. This is John again. In terms of the biotech business, is robust. It is in the 15% to 20% area of our business, much more significant in the earlier development area. We are up in the biotech in the first half, over 2016. We see that as a significant opportunity to penetrate greater. And that's true within our clinical business as well as our lab business. We see large pharma, in terms of spend, but more so in the lower single digits in terms of the R&D dollars; the mid-tier in the mid-single digits; and then the biotech's in that higher single-digit territory in terms of the industry. I think one of the advantages that we are seeing is strong growth in that early clinical area that is helping drive the later-stage business, and that should be prolonged, because once you're in a sticky situation with a customer and you execute, then that plays forward, so.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. And on the clinical, CRO side more, so how would you characterize the current pricing environment? Are you seeing any sort of shifts or outliers? Or is everyone behaving relatively rationally? Thanks.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Behaving rationally, haven't seen any real outliers.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. A couple of questions for me. I guess, first, Dave, thinking about potential M&A on the Diagnostics side, if we consider the continuing performance of Sequenom and I guess, I'd say probably the outperformance of Sequenom, how should we be thinking about, I guess, your deal preference for other specialty lab deals versus your kind of more traditional, kind of routine testing tuck-in deals?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Morning, Bill. Every deal that comes to us gets evaluated against our strategic fit, the financial metrics and then what I would describe as the cultural fit, so leadership and kind of how we think the organization would fit or not fit well with LabCorp. I wouldn't say that we have a particular preference one way or the other. We've done some very interesting esoteric deals. On the other hand, we've done some significant health system deals, which are not focused on particular tests or particular assets but they're focused on partnerships and they're focused on expanding our scale and reach and our patient access. So, I guess, in the end, the preference is going to be for the deal that is going to best fit our strategic and financial needs and that may be a test menu as with Sequenom that we feel gives us the opportunity to pull more work through from the OB/GYN and pull more genetics through. It may be geographic, where we want to have a broader presence in a particular market or it may be strategic partnership where we want to add another important component as part of our anchor health system strategy. And I know that's not particularly specific in response to your question, but it actually is the way that we think about these opportunities. Everyone stands alone in terms of being evaluated by the team for, is it the right deal for us to do given those considerations.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Understood. And I appreciate the color, Dave. And then I get separately on PAMA, and I, obviously, recognize that there's a lot of things going on behind the scenes politically but is it reasonable to assume for all of us kind of watching this from the outside as we get closer and closer to September that it's likely that we're going to see the implementation in accordance with the January 1, 2018 deadline or date, excuse me?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I would say that that is the working assumption as we think about things like our 2018 budget. I would also say that I think that would be, from my perspective, a serious mistake if CMS does it. I don't think it's been well thought through. I don't think they've thought about the implications. I was just reading an article that came out in CAP TODAY, I'm probably not supposed to give them a comment on an earnings call, but a system  a hospital system in New Mexico that serves 125 nursing homes in highly rural areas, and if there are significant cuts to what they get paid by Medicare for those services, we're going to see significant beneficiary access issues in my view and that would be  this statute was called the Protecting Access to Medicare Act, not the Diminishing Access to Medicare Act. And we made that point to CMS and they told us that Congress didn't tell them to take it as a consideration in the statute. So this is a very, very important policy decision that CMS is going to make. And I hope that they, and Health and Human Services and the legislative branch will be able to come to some understanding that they need to do this right as opposed to just do it and get it done with.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Ellich with Craig-Hallum.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Good morning. Hey, Dave, I have a couple of quick questions for you. I guess, first on the guidance raise, if we look at the midpoint of where you guys took guidance, and I think versus the midpoint of your old guidance, I think that gets us an incremental $140 million in revenue, give or take. How much of that should flow through to pre-tax? Because I guess, I'm wondering why EPS guidance wasn't taken up more.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Kevin, this is Glenn. Let me start. Obviously, we give a range when we give our guidances, but from our perspective we talked about the increase in the revenue range in part was due to the currency translation but also based upon Diagnostics' strong performance organically as well as acquisitions and primarily the timing of the acquisitions such as PAML. So when you look at the earnings per share impact from the acquisition side, while they clearly meet our criteria and are accretive in the first year, they start off, obviously, fairly marginal. And then as we integrate them and get the synergies, then the margins kick into, call it, our segment number. So just illustratively with PAML, you're looking at the revenues that we're having without a corresponding, really meaningful impact in earnings. So assume that the increase that we had, obviously, in our earnings guidance, which we took up  we narrowed it but also took up the midpoint, was really driven off of the performance that we had in the second quarter. And obviously we'll continue to update that as we go forward.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Okay. No. That makes sense, Glenn. Thanks for the color there. And then kind of a dumb question, so sorry for this one. But you guys called out the 1% impact from Leap Year and the timing of the Easter holiday. I guess, can you explain that to me? I just was thinking about the days. It seems like it's the same number of days this quarter. Easter fell into  it was March last year, April this year. So where does that come from?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I knew somebody would ask how February ends up in the second quarter. So it's not a dumb question, and the answer is our revenue  it's the strength of revenue days, Kevin. That's what we compare year-over-year, and the strength of the leap day because of the way the days of the week fall actually does end up in the second quarter even though the day is in February. And so that's why the impact is so pronounced. Obviously, Easter, because of the holiday time there's a significant shift when it moves from quarter to quarter in volumes. But the leap day is based on the strength of days and the strength of revenue on particular days of the week. And that's why it lands in the second quarter.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: That makes sense.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Kevin, just to...
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Yeah.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: ...add to that, obviously, we knew that coming into the year. And so when we provided even the initial guidance last quarter, we talked about the impact that it was going to have in the second quarter, impacting our top line and impacting our margins, which, obviously, it has.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Okay. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. I was hoping you could elaborate more on how you're looking at the consumer genetics testing opportunity. It seems like 23andMe is accelerating further. You're involved in some other ways in that market, and it's in the news a lot lately. So if you could elaborate, that would be helpful.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. It's Dave. We've had a long-term collaboration with 23andMe around performing their consumer genetic testing, and they've done a terrific job in the market. So our focus on consumer testing is more on the core testing. It's more on the direct engagement with consumer around the core testing. And as we said in the prepared comments, see a lot of opportunities for broader collaboration with 23andMe around some of the work that they're doing, but our consumer offering is largely focused on engaging them around what I would characterize as core testing, wellness testing, things that we would think of as more on the routine side.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. So a couple of follow-up questions. First of all, just on the questions on the guidance for the year, are you implying that there is potential upside from PAML as the year continues, as we see profits starting to match revenue contribution?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Ricky, it's Dave. The guidance is a range, and we provide a range because obviously there are points within the range that are achievable as things go better and there are points in the range that we achieve if things go worse. So where we've identified the range is the entire possible range of outcomes, and certainly there's always the opportunity for outperformance. And we're always optimistic about outperformance and certainly don't plan for underperformance.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then on the United contract renewal, can you give us some color as to where you are in your conversation with United? And also, when we think about the opportunities in the marketplace, I mean, obviously, there are two contracts right now that have national exclusivity, United and Aetna. How should we think about these two opportunities? Are they fairly comparable in size or any other color there?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, obviously, we have been engaged in conversations with United and continue to be, and the conversations have been constructive. And all I'll say is when we have something specific to tell you, we will absolutely tell you. In terms of Aetna, even over the years that we've been outside of the Aetna contract, we've had a very constructive relationship with them. And so we continue to have discussions with them about the possibility of re-entering that contract when it opens up. I think in terms of membership lives, United is larger than Aetna. So that would at least imply that in terms of dollars spend, United would spend more on lab services than Aetna, but I can't give you much further than that because obviously not being in one of the contracts, we don't have a lot of insight to it.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And just lastly on the relationship with Walgreens, I know you made some prepared comments, but can you just kind of like share with us how you are going to choose or how you chose the initial sites and how the strategy do you think will evolve over time? Do you think this is just going to be about specimen collection or you can expand it into other patient care as well?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, the team chose the sites based on availability of space in stores, based on strengths of both businesses, places where both business had strong infrastructures. We're starting with seven sites. We're going to quickly evaluate whether they're successful. We've already had discussions with Walgreens about other opportunities both to expand the patient service center positioning as well as to provide other types of patient care services within those sites and within their stores. So I am very, very excited about this relationship. I think it's a significant step forward. We've said for a long time we want to be in a healthcare environment and we're in one of the premier healthcare environments and so we look forward to updating you on how we progress.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: So it's three minutes past the hour and we still have a number of people in the queue. If we could try to just ask one question, please, and if your question has already been asked, really, it's not necessary to ask it again. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Donald Hooker with KeyBanc.
Donald H. Hooker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, just a real quick follow-up, you guys alluded to kind of a pull-through from early-stage to late-stage work in the Covance business. I don't know if it's possible, but I was curious if there is a way to quantify that and give us a sense if that's something that could be growing now over time or  because, I guess, in the past those two businesses have been somewhat separate?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. This is John. We analyze the pull through, whether it's from the preclinical tox business into the BioA, into the CMC from the BioA into the lab businesses, into the clinical businesses from Phase I into the II, III, IV. I think it's safe to say slight increases in terms of those. You still have the buyers of early clinical, the buyers of labs, the buyers of clinical and then timing of that, even within pharma, those hurdles obviously still exist. And then you try to put in pieces of the organization. Our early development segment has a business area, the EPDS (01:02:46) area that actually is a sales, marketing, technical solution that attempts to then bridge those gaps between those organizations. So we're attempting to do that more and more, especially with the oncology portfolios, the immuno-oncology portfolio lends to that, but at the same time, you do have natural hurdles in terms of the " follow the (01:03:16) molecule". We do have nice strength in all of the areas and we continue to do business within the individual segments as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. I hopped on a little late, so I apologize if this was asked already, but it seems like there's been more activity on the hospital outreach side. Do you think that's PAMA related? Is it pressures the hospitals may be seeing in sort of a need for capital from them? Maybe comment on the pipeline, as maybe it's just a coincidence that these deals seem to be kind of coming up all at the same time. And then remind us, Dave, again, how long do they have to be out of the market for? Is there a specified sort of contract term where they can't do the outreach? Or is it in perpetuity? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I think we already commented on the pipeline and the hospital, kind of the approach of the health systems and I would say I don't think it's as much PAMA-driven as it's just the entire environment is changing. I mean value-based care, bundled payments, pay-for-outcomes. So I don't think it's  PAMA's part of it, but it's certainly not the sole or in my mind even one of the major drivers behind hospital thinking. And as I say, we commented on the pipeline. Every outreach deal and every partnership deal is different. Our approach is to do strategic deals, so we're not asking people to exit the market; we're asking them to build and strengthen the market with us. So, but that  but if you're doing an acquisition, there is typically a negotiation around what that means in terms of a non-compete, there's no standard.
Operator: Our next question comes from A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Hello, everybody. Maybe I'll just ask, in your disclosure around margin trends and Covance the last four or so quarters, there's been this discussion, and I think a couple of quarters ago, it was talk about investment in sales force and research associates. That was in there for a few quarters, and now, the last couple of quarters, it's been including targeted strategic investments to support future growth. What I'm just curious about is, is that just sort of part of the ongoing business? Or are you signaling that there's some elevated level of spending right now that at some point in the future might taper off and thus be margin enhancing? Can you give us a little flavor for what's behind that?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah, I think from the standpoint of there has been enhanced investment in the business and whether that's on the therapeutic side or whether that's on the commercial side or the deal-making side, there has been. And then from the vantage point still focused on the organic growth, that'll continue, but look, we need to increase our margins. We, obviously, see the peer level margins that are out there, and so we announced the initial phase of Covance's LaunchPad. It's a three-year program. We first addressed restructurings and facilities, and now we'll move into, really, the re-engineering of our systems, processes, utilizing the new technology and tools focused on improving our productivity. So there is investments that will continue, but there will be margin expansion, and you'll see even the initial part of that in the second half of this year.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: And, A.J., to respond specifically to what you asked, I mean, I think John's done a terrific job in investing in enhancing the personnel resources that we have. So that is near-term elevated level of investment that will normalize over time.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jeffries.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Good morning. Dave, just a quick question since you talked about staying disciplined on valuation for acquisitions, especially in the CRO space. So is this a time that you and the board, you think, should be revisiting dividends or other forms of capital deployment, kind of like increasing the buyback or paying dividend out?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, I think, it's very clear that we are committed to buy back and we bought back $100 million worth of shares in the quarter and over $250 million for the year. So I don't think there's going be any question about our commitment, which we made early in the year and have been firm on that we're returning capital to shareholders. No, I don't think it's the time to revisit our approach. I think our approach has been extremely successful. I think when I became CEO of this company, we were about $3 billion in revenue, we're going to be $10 billion in revenue, and we got there by acquiring strategically, by investing in our people and by growing the business organically and we're going to keep doing the same things.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: Appreciate that. And then just a quick follow-up, John, to Kevin Ellich's question...
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No, no, no. We've -.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: All right.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No, I'm sorry, it's almost a quarter after now.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: Okay. No worries.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: We need to go on. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks for fitting me in. A quick one on PAMA. Dave, I'd be interested in your views, if we assume that the current legislation is enacted as expected, if you had a view as to how quickly you think the hospital side of the market will start to take action in light of those reimbursement cuts? And the reason I ask is, I think there was a perception that hospital systems are slow to react, they don't have great visibility or metrics around their lab profitability, so I'm interested in whether or not you think you can see that constituency move relatively quickly once we have some clarity on PAMA, the phase-in. Thank you.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I think there's a growing sense of awareness in hospital administration, that PAMA is going to be impactful in 2018. You see that in comments that are being made by hospital executives. I do think, to your question, Isaac, it's hard for hospitals, it's hard for any big organization, I shouldn't limit it to hospitals, it's hard for any big organization to react quickly to change and so I don't know how fast you would see movement in the market or even what that movement would look like. If you look at just health systems generally, there's been a tremendous amount of health system consolidation in the last several years and that seems to be continuing. Health systems continue selectively to acquire physicians. So the market will move, but I don't know that it will move fast.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Massaro with Massaro (sic) [Canaccord Genuity, Inc.] (01:10:49).
Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thanks, guys. We're a couple of days in, but recently there was a start-up direct-to-consumer genomics company that is launching exome sequencing applications. And I wanted to see, Dave, how you handicap maybe the platform opportunity over the next three to five years, whether or not you think this is an area that you may want to participate in given some of the success you're having with 23andMe.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, I would say that direct-to-consumer genetics is a very complex area from a regulatory, a legal and an ethical perspective. And so, I think, what you can safely assume is that there'll be a lot of people out there trying it and it will not be a high priority for us. Again, the collaboration with 23andMe provides that direct-to-consumer genetic testing in a highly reputable, well-proven environment, where they've gone to FDA and gotten permission to offer  to make the claims and offer the interpretations that they do. We're proud of that relationship. And I think it's  as I say, it's an area that's fraught with challenges. So we don't see any need to plunge in.
Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, thank you very much for joining us on our second quarter conference call this morning. Hope you have a great day and we look forward to speaking with you as we have updates in the future. Good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Frommer - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings
Analysts: Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC Luke Sergott - Evercore ISI Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Alexander D. Nowak - Piper Jaffray & Co. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to your Q1 2017 LabCorp Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following management's prepared remarks, we will host a question-and-answer session and our instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. It is now my pleasure to hand the conference over to Mr. Scott Frommer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please proceed.
Scott Frommer - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's first quarter 2017 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are: Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jon Ratliff, CEO of Covance Drug Development. In addition to our press release, we also filed a Form 8-K this morning that includes additional financial information; both are available on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com and include a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. Finally, we are making forward-looking statements during today's call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy, and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2016 Form 10-K. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. LabCorp delivered another solid quarter to start 2017 with -over-year revenue growth of 5%, adjusted EPS growth of 8%, and excellent free cash flow, and we returned $150 million to shareholders through share repurchases. We made strong progress on our enterprise-wide initiatives and turned in an outstanding performance in the Diagnostics business. Customers continued to embrace our integrated solutions, as evidenced by two major health system partnerships, a record number of study wins based on combined data, and strong growth in companion diagnostics. In Diagnostics, which represents 70% of our total revenue, we had excellent top line growth with significant increases in total and organic volume, and in revenue per requisition, leading to a 50-basis-point expansion of our industry-leading margins. Our Diagnostics business is the backbone for our strong free cash flow, which we deployed judiciously in the quarter toward investing in the business, returning capital to shareholders, and growing through acquisitions. In Drug Development, our results were mixed. Although we are disappointed of our first quarter financial performance, we had some bright spots in the quarter. Notably, strong net orders, an improved book-to-bill, and better performance in the clinical business. These are all leading indicators that give us continuing optimism about the long-term growth characteristics of our company in 2018 and beyond. We continue to invest in the future of the Drug Development business. In the quarter, we again strengthened the leadership team and decided to expand LaunchPad to right-size the business in the near term and create a more scalable technology-enabled business for the future. As I mentioned a moment ago, the strong growth in areas of strategic focus for the combined business demonstrates that customers are embracing our differentiated offering. I would like to update you on major developments during the quarter that highlight the unmatched value proposition of the combination of LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development. We stated at the outset of the year that we are focused on the delivery of comprehensive, integrated solutions to our customers' needs. Among the customers who need solutions in today's rapidly-changing healthcare environment are health systems, and this quarter brought two important successes there. We announced an important transaction with Mount Sinai earlier this year that strengthens our position in the New York Metro market, and we agreed on a significant partnership with PAML, a market-leading reference and outreach laboratory based in the Pacific Northwest. Through PAML, we aligned ourselves with two innovative, fast-growing health systems and strengthened our relationships with over ten community-based health systems across multiple states. Our offering to health systems and large provider groups is unique and extends beyond our multifaceted, lab testing, operational, analytical, and clinical decision support expertise. The integration of our Drug Development solutions is a fundamental component of these relationships, enabling our partners to become research hubs. Patients gain greater access to high-quality care through clinical trials, providers will realize increased revenue tied to patient enrollment, and our biopharma customers will benefit from faster site activation and recruitment capabilities. The level of interest in our combined set of solutions from leading health systems has increased significantly and we continue to be pleased at the very robust set of opportunities. Another of our unique capabilities is the powerful combination of LabCorp Diagnostics' patients' data and global Covance physician investigator performance data. Through these proprietary datasets, we continue to provide unique insights that help us win orders. During the quarter, the use of LabCorp data played an important role in securing multiple awards with an aggregate value of more than $150 million, by far our strongest quarter to-date. This brings our cumulative orders from the use of LabCorp data to more than $350 million, and I'll provide three concrete examples that highlight how we're using these capabilities to solve problems for our patients and customers. In the first example, we observed that approximately 18% of type 2 diabetes patients in our database had evidence of moderate kidney disease. We worked with our client on the design of the study protocol, showing them that through minor changes in inclusion and exclusion criteria, we could safely increase the study eligible patient population by over 50%. In the second example, we identified more than 30,000 patients in our database who were diagnosed in the past five years with myelofibrosis, a rare disease with few treatment options. 40 of these patients had opted in through the LabCorp Patient Portal to receive information about clinical trials, providing an opportunity for direct outreach to these consenting patients. The client cited this capability as a significant factor in the decision to choose Covance. The fusion of our combined capabilities spawns unique solutions in all stages of Drug Development, including real-world evidence. For example, we partnered with a large customer interested in certain biomarkers associated with use and non-use of a commercially available product. Through this collaboration, Covance screens and enrolls subjects, distributes study kits to patients' homes, collects surveys, coordinates visits to LabCorp patient services for blood draws, runs laboratory tests, and makes reminder calls to subjects. These are the three of many examples of our customers' increasing desire to deploy our innovative solutions only available through LabCorp to solve their real-world problems. Finally, we continue to drive strong growth across the enterprise with companion diagnostics through additional customer partnerships, increased PD-L1 testing in LabCorp Diagnostics, collaboration on the development of tests tied to new immuno-oncology drugs and indications, as well as the expansion of our CDx offering to neurodegenerative disorders and rare and orphan diseases. As part of our investment in this business, we will open a dedicated companion diagnostics laboratory in North Carolina later this year to address rapidly-growing demand. The individual business units also had important successes in the quarter. After a comprehensive search, we announced the promotion of Gary Huff to the position of CEO of LabCorp Diagnostics. Gary has more than 25 years of commercial and operational expertise in the clinical laboratory industry. His last two roles before rejoining LabCorp were as Chief Operating Officer of a health system affiliated outreach laboratory, and as CEO of a JV between a commercial laboratory and an academic medical center. So, he brings deep experience with the requirements for success in forming laboratory partnerships with health systems and integrated delivery networks. Gary will join us beginning with our second quarter earnings call. I mentioned the success of our health system partnership strategy a few moments ago. During the quarter, our Diagnostics business formed a laboratory alliance with HCA in Virginia that will provide reference testing to four hospitals and more than 100 community physicians, optimize HCA's local lab footprint, maintain rapid results on stat testing, and establish a more streamlined lab results interface. In these settings, we are the provider of choice to provide high-quality patient care, integrate high-value IT and analytics tools, and reduce healthcare costs. We also continued developing our patient-facing capabilities, including improved online appointment scheduling and bill payment capabilities, self-service registration and patient service centers, and a completely revamped Patient Portal. These technologies enable direct communication with LabCorp patients, presenting valuable opportunities to grow our database of about 120,000 patients that have consented to be contacted about future clinical trials. Through continued improvement of the Patient Portal's user experience and refinement of the opt-in process, the rate of patients opting in has doubled, accelerating the value of this strategic differentiator. We are also implementing system-wide solutions to help patients make financial decisions related to our services. We can now check eligibility for services when the patient is in our facility, create a personalized estimate of the cost of services before a blood draw, and collect any balance due from the patient at the time of service. We also recently launched a Web-based cost estimator for our non-invasive prenatal testing that allows consumers to estimate their cost for testing services based on their health insurance. In combination, these initiatives will improve the patient experience with LabCorp, increase our net promoter scores among our customers, and build customer and brand loyalty. As part of our initiatives to bring services closer to patients, we are exploring new business models that provide long-term growth opportunities, including piloting mobile phlebotomy, evaluating additional services that we can offer through our PSCs, and investing in innovative at-home collection devices. As you can see, we are driving innovation throughout our Diagnostic offering on many fronts. Covance Drug Development is the only CRO providing the full spectrum of drug development capabilities, from research to real-world evidence studies, creating commercial and scientific advantage for our partners. During the quarter, we entered into a contract for a full programmatic award of nine Type 2 diabetes studies with a top-tier pharma partner. In this instance, our broad-based alliance involves the delivery of clinical, central lab, and early development solutions. We believe that this powerful end-to-end strategy will yield future cross-functional awards and help us accelerate long-term revenue and profit growth. In addition, we continue to concentrate our sales efforts on higher value therapeutic areas: oncology, CNS disorders, genetics, and rare and orphan diseases. Our combined company's scientific expertise in these areas is significant, and has driven an increase in the portion of our backlog tied to these therapeutic categories. These developments, combined with our improving orders and book-to-bill ratio, give us continued optimism about Covance's future. Nonetheless, there is more we can do to improve the delivery of services at Covance. We have therefore decided to expand our highly-successful LaunchPad initiative to include Covance. Through Covance LaunchPad, we will right-size the business, reengineer our Drug Development systems and processes, and deploy technological advancements to improve service while maintaining the highest quality and sustainably reducing our cost base. Glenn will provide financial and other details on this initiative in a few moments. In closing, we are in the early stages of capitalizing on multiple growth opportunities across our global markets. We are pleased with the success of our solutions-focused selling and our continued progress in repositioning ourselves to meet the needs of a rapidly-changing healthcare system. Driven by the outstanding work of more than 50,000 colleagues around the world, we continue to create unique solutions to our customers' problems, improve the health and lives of patients worldwide, unlock profitable growth, and increase long-term shareholder value. Now, I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you, Dave. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our first quarter results, followed by a discussion of our LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development segments, and conclude with an update on our 2017 guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $2.4 billion, an increase of 4.9% over last year, due to solid organic growth in LabCorp Diagnostics and acquisitions, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation of 40 basis points. Organic revenue growth in the quarter on a constant currency basis was 2.7%. Operating income for the quarter was $333 million, or 13.8% of revenue, compared to $300 million, or 13%, last year. Adjusted operating income, which excludes amortization, restructuring charges, and special items, was $391 million, or 16.2% of revenue, compared to $373 million, or 16.3%, last year. The increase in adjusted operating income was primarily due to favorable price, mix, and acquisitions, partially offset by higher personnel costs in Covance Drug Development. The tax rate for the quarter was 31.2% compared to 35.2% last year. The adjusted tax rate excluding special charges and amortization was 31.5%, down from 34.8% last year, primarily due to the expected tax benefit from stock-based compensation. The increase in the tax benefit from stock-based comp was primarily driven by the increase in the company's stock price when shares vested in the first quarter of this year compared to the price when shares vested last year. This benefit was included in our prior full-year tax rate guidance, which we continue to expect to be approximately 34%. Net earnings for the quarter were $192 million, or $1.84 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS, which excludes amortization, restructuring charges, and other special items, were $2.22 in the quarter, up 8% over last year. Operating cash flow was $234 million in the quarter, compared to $128 million a year ago. The increase of $106 million was primarily due to higher earnings and improved working capital management. Capital expenditures totaled $72 million, or 3% of revenue, compared to $71 million, or 3.1%, last year. As a result, free cash flow was $162 million in the quarter, up from $56 million last year. At the end of the quarter, our cash balance was $366 million, down from $434 million at the end of 2016. During the quarter, we invested $152 million in acquisitions, and repurchased $150 million of stock. As of March 31, we had $590 million of authorization remaining under our share repurchase program. Total debt at quarter-end was approximately $5.9 billion. The company's leverage at the end of the quarter was 3.1 times gross debt to last 12 months EBITDA, comparable to our leverage ratio at the end of 2016. Now, I'll review our segment performance beginning with LabCorp Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $1.7 billion, an increase of 8% over last year. The increase in revenue was driven by acquisitions, price, mix, and organic volume, measured by requisitions. Revenue per requisition increased 3.8%, benefiting from price, mix, and the Sequenom acquisition. In addition, esoteric testing grew at a faster rate than core testing. Total volume increased 4.3%, of which organic volume was 1.8%. Acquisition volume was 2.5%, which was primarily driven by tuck-in acquisitions that have not yet annualized. LabCorp Diagnostics' adjusted operating income for the quarter was $341 million, or 19.9% of revenue, compared to 308 million, or 19.4%, last year. The increase in operating income and 50-basis-point margin improvement were primarily due to solid organic revenue growth, acquisitions, and the benefit from our LaunchPad initiative. LabCorp Diagnostics remains on track to achieve its LaunchPad savings of $150 million over the three-year period ending this year. Now, I'll review the performance of Covance Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $690 million, a decline of $13 million, or 1.8%, from last year. Excluding the impact from approximately 150 basis points of negative currency, revenue was roughly flat compared to last year. During the quarter, revenue increased in the clinical development business. This increase was offset by the decline in revenue in the early development and central lab businesses, primarily due to slower revenue conversion from the backlog and the previously discussed cancellation by sponsors of two large clinical studies in late-2016 for which we provided central lab services. Execution of our strategy, which is focused on higher value therapeutic areas such as oncology and CNS disorders, resulted in a higher percentage of our backlog tied to complex studies that continue to convert into revenue at a slower pace. Covance Drug Development's adjusted operating income was $83 million, or 12.1% of revenue, compared to 103 million, or 14.7%, last year. The decline in operating income and margin were primarily due to higher personnel costs, including targeted strategic investments in the clinical business to support future growth, partially offset by cost synergies. We remain on track to achieve our target of $100 million in cost synergies through the three-year period ending this year, as we expect to complete the consolidation of our central lab facilities by the middle of the year. In addition, the company expanded its LaunchPad initiative to now include Covance Drug Development. This initiative will be a three-year program for Covance that consists of two phases. We recently initiated the first phase to right-size Covance Drug Development's resources, primarily head count and facility footprint. This phase is expected to generate pre-tax savings of approximately $20 million in 2017, and approximately $45 million on an annualized basis thereafter. The pre-tax cost to achieve these savings is estimated to be approximately $30 million in 2017, of which around $20 million is expected to be cash expenditures. The second phase will focus on reengineering our systems and processes, and improving productivity, which will contribute to sustained margin improvement over time. Planning for the second phase is underway, and we will provide additional details later this year. Covance Drug Development's net orders and net book-to-bill for the trailing 12 months were $3.2 billion and 1.15, respectively, a sequential improvement over the 12-month period ending December 31, 2016. Backlog at the end of the quarter was $5.2 billion, an increase of $300 million over year-end backlog and we expect approximately $2.1 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Now, I'll update our 2017 guidance, which assumes foreign exchange rates as of March 31 for the remainder of 2017 and includes the impact of the expansion of LaunchPad in Covance Drug Development, as well as anticipated capital allocation. We expect reported revenue growth of 3.5% to 5% after adjusting for the negative impact from approximately 40 basis points of foreign currency translation. This is lower than our prior guidance by 100 basis points, due to lower than expected revenue growth in Covance Drug Development, partially offset by higher than expected revenue growth in LabCorp Diagnostics. We expect LabCorp Diagnostics' reported revenue growth of 5% to 7%, after adjusting for the negative impact from approximately 10 basis points of foreign currency translation. This is an increase from our prior guidance of 4.5% to 6.5%, primarily due to better than expected organic volume growth. We expect Covance Drug Development reported revenue growth of 0% to 2%, after adjusting for the negative impact from approximately 130 basis points of foreign currency translation, which is lower than our prior guidance by 350 basis points. On a constant currency basis, we expect revenue growth of 1.3% to 3.3%, which is also lower than our prior guidance, primarily due to our first quarter results, as well as the mix of contracted awards won during the quarter. Critical development orders remain strong and typically take longer to convert into revenue. In addition, our strategy to focus on high value therapeutic areas such as oncology has resulted in a higher percentage of our backlog tied to complex studies that continue to convert into revenue at a slower pace. From a timing perspective, we expect Covance Drug Development's revenue and margins to sequentially increase throughout the year; however, we expect revenue and margins in the second quarter to be down year-on-year before showing favorable growth in the second half of 2017 compared to last year. Our 2017 adjusted EPS guidance is $9.20 to $9.60, an increase of 4% to 9% over 2016, and lower than our prior guidance of $9.35 to $9.75 due to lower revenue growth expectations. We expect a decline in our earnings outlook to primarily apply to our results in the second quarter, due to the timing of revenue growth and the benefit from the expansion of our LaunchPad initiative in the second half of 2017. In addition, our second quarter results will also be negatively impacted by the timing of the Easter holiday, as well as the year-over-year comparison to leap year. We expect free cash flow to be between $925 million and $975 million, unchanged from our prior guidance. This concludes our formal remarks, and we'll now take questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, sir. In the interest of time, we ask that everyone please limit themselves to one question then rejoin the queue. Our first question will come from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Thanks very much, and good morning. I just want to go quickly back to Glenn, your comment about favorable growth in margins in the second half. Is that primarily due to the Covance LaunchPad, or is there something else that's going to be driving that?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah. No. A couple of things, Lisa. First, I think your reference of Covance, we expect to see sequentially improving revenues as we go throughout the year, even though for the second quarter, we expect revenues to be down year-on-year. The second half will be up in the third and the fourth quarter we expect year-over-year. So that's going to help to drive the improvement. And then, to your point, in addition with the LaunchPad initiative now moving to Covance, the bulk of the savings in 2017 will be recorded in the second half. So, obviously, that will improve their margins in the third and fourth quarter year-over-year as well.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: And I apologize if you already went through this earlier, but I just  I want to better understand what is happening on the Covance side, especially on the organic side. I think when, Dave, you gave guidance last quarter talking about the organic growth in this business and your expectations around the business, can you maybe just give us a little more color as to what you're seeing in the marketplace. I know when we had a call a few weeks ago, we talked about the fact of in-sourcing, outsourcing, and you weren't really seeing the impact there. We already knew about some of the customer delays and cancellations, but what else is happening in the market?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah. I'll take that on, Lisa. This is John. And so, inside the first quarter, you obviously saw a mix of contracted awards that were won and/or delayed. Clinical orders were strong, to give you color, and that actually takes, obviously, longer to convert into revenue than our early development and/or even our central labs to a certain extent. Secondly, we saw within the backlog, we are increasingly raising our penetration within the oncology, CNS, rare and orphan. And this higher percentage of our backlog tied to those complex studies are also converting into revenue at a slightly slower pace. We did see delays in certain key customers' pipelines through the second quarter, third, and fourth. But pleased overall with the net orders that we saw within the quarter in terms the long-term growth. And specifically based on the data involved with the LabCorp and the Covance areas, we saw our largest quarter to-date, about $150 million in the quarter, about $350 million of new awards in a cumulative due to the combination of the datasets and how that then drove wins within the quarter in terms of the aggregate book-to-bills.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Please proceed.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to follow up on the change in the view at Covance just over the past month. I'm surprised early development was cited as a weak area. Could you talk about the trends there? And then maybe just the magnitude of the weakness for central lab would also be helpful.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Again, John. In terms of the early development, in aggregate, a strong area, but saw certain delays in terms of specific customer pipelines within lead optimization, et cetera. But at the same time, we saw strength in our backlog and book-to-bill. We did have a little bit of a mix of awards to clinical versus pure pre-clinical, and that drove a little bit of the delay in revenue conversion, but a strong area looking at the pipeline of orders going forward and the opportunities that we see in terms of for the balance of the year. In terms of central labs, we did see a real shut down in those two cancellations within the quarter, and central labs were affected by, what I previously just mentioned, the penetration in oncology. So they are seeing a stretch out in terms of the revenue conversion. And those are really the two areas that we saw affected. I'll proactively address one last question, and that is if you look at our segment, clinical is growing above the actual total Covance revenue growth projected, with the labs and early development below.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That is helpful. And then, Glenn, I want to ask you about the volume growth in the quarter. As you've looked at the numbers, do you think the calendar was a headwind or a tailwind in the quarter, or otherwise, what do you attribute to be the step-up in the activity there?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah, no, we did benefit obviously from the, call it, the Easter holiday falling in the second quarter, so it obviously was a year-over-year improvement. The calendarization, interestingly enough, with leap year, really impacts our second quarter much more than the first. So, if you look at the first quarter, a slight tailwind, slight help to the organic volume. It's truly, call it, an improvement in our volume as opposed to just the calendarization. But as we look to the second quarter, you'll see a more substantial headwind for us, between Easter falling into the second quarter, between the calendarization of how it matches up for us year-over-year, you're looking at a more substantial impact, probably around a point-and-a-half give or take on our volume in the second quarter. But for the first quarter, of the 1.8%, call it, 30 basis points, we would consider being, call it, calendarization/Easter.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Nicholas Jansen with Raymond James. Please proceed.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. I just wanted to get an update on the contract negotiations that you're doing with United right now. How do we think about the timeline there? And if there's anything of note in terms of relative size as they've grown quite nicely relative to the other managed care organizations over the last two to three years. Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Morning, Nick, it's Dave. Obviously, as we've said, we've been engaged with United at the managed care team level for a significant period of time. They have been a terrific partner to us and I think we've been a terrific partner to them. Over the last six months, we've become also significantly engaged at the senior executive level involving a good deal of my time. And I'm pleased with where we are. Again, I think there's a recognition on both sides of the strength of the partnership and the value of the partnership. We would like to get something done in 2017. I can't give you any further update other than I think both sides are committed to a fair resolution of the contract discussion, and something that rewards us both for the value of the partnership over the now 10-plus years.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. And then just a quick follow-up in terms of the amount of M&A spend in the quarter, I think it was $150 million or so of M&A activity. Can you maybe just walk us through your pipeline, how you're seeing that evolve over the last 6 to 12 months? Is the pending PAMA legislation driving increased interest from both health systems and others to perhaps look to you guys as an exit strategy? Just want to get your thought on M&A spend, because that was a little bit bigger than we had thought in the quarter. Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I think the M&A pipeline continues to be very robust, and I attribute that to the  not so much to PAMA, because I think singling out any one factor is a little misleading, but to the general change in the healthcare environment. We're seeing a big push to value-based payment. We're seeing a big push to being able to procure services, the highest quality services at the most effective cost. And as hospitals and smaller laboratories are recognizing that trend, I think a lot of them are relooking at, do we belong in this business? Is it a core competency? Are we bringing value to the patient? So, again, I think when you add in the research capabilities that Covance brings us, we have a strong, differentiated position in doing these really deep, comprehensive hospital partnerships, health system partnerships, and you can expect us to continue to work on those. But we're going to be opportunistic about what's available in the acquisition market and allocate our capital appropriately.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair. Please proceed.
Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. I just had a question, I guess, for John first to start off with. So, you had commented about some of the delays that you saw in terms of customer pipeline in both  I think you said both pre-clinical and clinical. I just was wondering if you could give some context there. Is there anything sort of macro that you could point to that might be driving that or is that customer specific?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah, it's customer specific, and nothing macro. It's purely a pause in their very specific pipeline of activities that hit us in one to two areas.
Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Got it. And then, Dave, just a question for you on the hospital size. So, obviously, you talked about developing deep partnerships. I was curious what your thoughts are around looking at some of the more lab management-type contracts going forward. Is that something that would be of interest to you just moving into more of the in-patient, outpatient side of the business?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, Amanda, lab management can be a part of a comprehensive partnership with a health system. So, we're not opposed to lab management contracts, and we have plenty of them in our business. What we're not out looking for is lab management contracts where essentially the value that we're bringing is remanaging employees and offering supply chain savings. Because in our view, that is not a high margin business. It's well below our operating margins. It's an extremely high touch business, because of the nature of in-patient hospital services. So, pure lab management contracts alone are not particularly attractive to us. Our strategy has always been the lab management contract might be part of a comprehensive overall partnership that includes, obviously, our reference testing capabilities, our population health capabilities, our analytics capabilities, the Covance piece. So, those are the types of partnerships we're doing, and I think the announcements that you've seen in the quarter with Mount Sinai and with PAML, which are  again, you have three tremendously innovative market-leading health systems that are deciding that they want to associate themselves with LabCorp, I think that speaks volumes about the success of our hospital strategy.
Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore. Please proceed.
Luke Sergott - Evercore ISI: Hey, guys, it's Luke on for Ross today. I  just to start off on the CRO market, are you seeing any change to the contracts or the RFPs that are out there, specifically, an increase in fee-for-service versus the strategic relationships?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: This is John. I think you're seeing a blend of that, a mix of that. There's certain of the strategics even that have moved to that more functional service provider, more for that fee-for-service that I think you're referencing even within their own mix. It's a vital part of our mix within the Phase II through IV, and we see that playing out with a specific customer set. But in terms of, if you look across the portfolio, if you're asking is there more of a shift to that, I think we've seen that evolution over the last five years in terms of the use of that model. And you're seeing that continue, but there hasn't been any radical, within the last six months, I'm going to shift to more of that FSP model than prior. But you clearly have to have that in your repertoire in terms of addressing the different models of clinical.
Luke Sergott - Evercore ISI: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then, I guess, lastly, on the pricing market within the CRO business, is that  are you guys seeing any bad behavior out there when these contracts are up?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No. Have not; have not seen any individual going for share or in terms of low pricing. It's a pretty stable market.
Luke Sergott - Evercore ISI: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will now come from the line of Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. First question: does the reduced outlook in Covance and the implementation of some LaunchPad initiatives there, does that impact at all your appetite to grow that business inorganically, or do you think that's unrelated?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Dan, it's Dave. I just want to point out that the reduced outlook is 1% of a $10 billion revenue company. So, this is not a dramatic reduction, either in our perspective on revenue or on earnings, and it's not in any sense an indication that we are displeased with the Covance business. I would cite again what I referred to in my prepared remarks. You look at the ways in which the combined organizations are generating business as you don't hear anybody else talking about, the depth of the health system partnerships that we're doing, the use of the data and real examples of how the data is helping us to win the companion diagnostics business, these are terrific success stories, and we're two years into this. It was a major transformational acquisition, and we are very, very enthusiastic about the long-term opportunity here because the growth rate in the CRO industry has historically been higher than the lab industry, because of the opportunity to expand our business on a more global scale. And so, no, it doesn't in any way diminish our enthusiasm for continuing to grow the CRO business.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's helpful color. Thank you. And just a housekeeping question for Glenn. Glenn, is PAML in the new guidance for 2017, or are you waiting for those parts of the transaction to close before you include them in the guidance?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah, no. As we said earlier, just in general, we have capital allocation included in our guidance, including M&A, and I think it's fair to say that, obviously, we announced two health system transactions that we expect both to close this year. So, it's fair to say that we have assumed those transactions would have an impact this year.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Steven Valiquette with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Hi, good morning, everybody. So, I guess, I'm just thinking about the current CRO results. Do you think that if you did have a more comprehensive service offering in the market, particularly with greater late-stage development infrastructure, would that help to lift the revenue and EBIT results you're currently generating in the early stage development and the central lab components of your operations? So, is that a big key to success here on the overall CRO odds if you do have more late-stage capabilities? Just curious to get more thoughts on that.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Again, John. I think we actually have very viable late-stage offerings, but at the same time, we know organically we need to push through in certain therapeutic areas, and internationally expansion, and then even embracing some of the new models flowing through. So, we see, obviously, areas of the strategy that we're going to embrace, and I also know within that post-marketing Phase IV area, we do have greater penetration. And from our vantage point, having early pre-clinical development as well as then central labs does differentiate us from everyone else. I believe that, A, our leadership in labs and ED can bring our clinical business forward, as well as strengthening clinical can then bring forward great penetration within that early development as well. So, it works both ways. But we know we've got work to do on the expansion territories in that late-stage area and those what I just addressed.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And you mentioned a new model, late stage. I'm pretty sure I know what you're talking about, but maybe just to avoid any confusion, do you want to clarify what you're thinking about new models in terms of servicing clients on late-stage?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, I think as you've seen, more and more, we're moving to much more of a risk-based model; moving to more and more of a pricing based on value, based on outcomes, et cetera. And so, that's one point of reference. There's different channels off of the FSP model that we were talking about before being addressed. These are at their infant state, but at the same time, you need to be prepared for those, and then move those forward within the scope of your total portfolio.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Please proceed.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Just on the Covance side, you mentioned higher personnel costs, and I think you brought that up last quarter as well, in terms of, I guess, increased sales force costs. Is there anything else maybe driving those pressures? If there is, where is that coming from and sort of how do you combat that? And then, more broadly, if you can give us maybe where you are thinking in terms of long-term margin profile at this point on the CRO side of the business. Thank you.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: From the standpoint of  yes, there were specifically strategic investments that were put through all of last year in terms of whether it's in the sales force, whether it's in certain of the therapeutic areas, whether it was on staffing clinical to the backlog. At the same time, any time you have those personnel on board and then you have now flat revenues within the first quarter, then obviously, you have to address that. And so, in terms of your comment on combating that, that's the referenced first phase of a Covance LaunchPad, which there's a $45 million annualized savings, and at the same time, then around $20 million, $25 million in the second half of the year for 2017, and those  the majority being resources. So, clearly, what you're trying to do is align revenues with the resources. Longer term, I think from the vantage point of longer-term margins, we obviously see the business models of our competitors and know we have room to move on that. We'll obviously be addressing that in terms of, A, the LaunchPad, longer term initiatives that we'll give more details on to the later part of this year.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then, Dave, any updated thoughts on PAMA at this point, just given recent news there?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, at the ACLA annual meeting, there was actually a presentation by CMS about data collection, and then we met with some CMS officials  industry representatives met with CMS officials and talked about we were continuing to have difficulty loading data. And we requested a delay, and that delay was granted, as you saw, to continue to put the data in. So, that is a positive. I continue to be, and I think our team continues to be frustrated that the data collection process is not designed in a terribly efficient way, and the amount of data that will be generated is going to be enormous. So, it raises the question of can the data be analyzed in a meaningful way between now and when CMS is supposed to put the proposed rule out? I think more fundamentally, Ralph, the issue continues to be the incorrect definition of applicable laboratories. The definition that the prior rule came up with is inconsistent with the legislative intent, it's inconsistent with floor colloquy, and we supported, that is we the industry, supported PAMA as a way to bring market-based pricing to our industry. But the way the rule has been generated, 95% of the hospitals are not going to be included, which means their commercial pricing, which is multiples above ours, is not going to be considered to be part of the "market." There's an irony there, because when we talk about acquisitions, the hospital systems are considered to be part of the market, but when we talk about the PAMA pricing, hospital systems are not considered to be part of the market. So, we continue to push with CMS to revisit the definition, and we're hopeful that they will do that, and that we'll, as a result, get a rule and an implementation of the legislation that's consistent with what Congress and the industry agreed that we wanted to do.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Alexander D. Nowak - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Good morning, everyone. This is Alex Nowak on for Bill today. This one's for John. So, I just want to be clear. You issued 2017 guidance at the end of February. And so, should we read into that, that you saw a number of more complex orders come in, or a number of higher mix contracts come in that just took longer to convert over the timeframe, over the March timeframe, and that's what's forcing to you lower your Covance guidance? I guess what I'm getting at is, basically, what happened today versus two months ago?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: The answer is we did see a higher level of clinical orders, which obviously take longer to convert. We did see higher percentage of the actual orders going in that were oncology-, CNS-based, which are obviously converting into revenues at a slower pace. We had delays in the eCustomer pipeline that happened in that last 60 days that were more tactical based. So, those are the reason why the reduced outlooks within the Covance revenue.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: And it's Dave. I just want to add quickly, because we want to be clear about this. It's not only the late-stage business that's affected by the mix of oncology, CNS. If we have a central lab study that is doing oncology testing, then enrollment may be slower than it is for, for example, an infectious disease study or a diabetes study. So, the change in mix affects all of the segments of the business; it doesn't just affect the clinical late-stage business.
Alexander D. Nowak - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a second question for you, Dave. Any update on BeaconLBS? And just curious, does your UnitedHealth in-network contract, does that also include the BeaconLBS program?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: In terms of BeaconLBS, we're very focused on improving the features and function sets, as we think about scaling BeaconLBS to new markets. The Texas situation remains the same. That is, BeaconLBS is running there, but the "hard implementation" where denials start is not in effect. I didn't quite understand the second part of the question. So, maybe you could just repeat that really quickly because it's five of, and there's four people still waiting.
Alexander D. Nowak - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Yeah. Yeah. Just curious, does the in-network contract that you have with UnitedHealthcare, does that also include BeaconLBS? I guess what I'm trying to read is, if you don't re-sign with UnitedHealthcare for in-network, does that also inhibit you to run the BeaconLBS program?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No. BeaconLBS is a separate company, and so it's not tied to the United contract. Obviously, United has been very supportive of BeaconLBS and has been very much engaged in its development, and is our partner in its implementation, but it's not a part of the United contract.
Alexander D. Nowak - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess maybe just to go back to the LaunchPad initiative with respect to Covance and how we should think about that longer term, obviously, with the near term shortfall in the business, I can understand the need to reduce costs. But I guess how should we think about that longer term and how that might impact your ability to thrive in that market?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Gary, it's Dave. So, I'm just going to point to the successes of LaunchPad in the LabCorp business and how it's improved our competitive position. We've redeployed resources for the customer-facing positions. We've reduced facilities and consolidated facilities in a way that's improved quality and service. Our customer satisfaction scores among our provider community are at all-time highs, even after two years of LaunchPad, which means it's improving the quality of the service we've delivered; it's not diminishing it in any way. The technology improvements in terms of patient self-service, the revenue cycle system, the bad debt improvement, all of these things are direct outgrowths of LaunchPad, and obviously Propel has been a major innovation and improvement in quality and service. So, LaunchPad is not a program that just says, we're going to rip costs out of the business. LaunchPad is a program that says, every dollar that we spend in the business, we're going to get $1.05 of value in some way or another. And so, I don't think you should think about LaunchPad as hurting our competitive positioning. Covance LaunchPad is going to improve our competitive positioning through right-sizing facilities, through getting the right employees facing the customer in the right place, through improvement of quality and service delivery, through better technology and tools. All of these things are going to be positive for the business in the long term. And, frankly, we wouldn't invest in doing the LaunchPad project, because it requires a lot of work from the team, if we didn't believe in the business long term.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I guess it just seems like it's a little bit more reactive here or it was a little bit more proactive in the Diagnostics business.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I don't agree with the characterization.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So, the first question, just on the clinical side: one of the questions we're getting from investors is whether the pharma companies are starting to do a lot more  or more of in-sourcing, so bringing some of the trial business back in house. So, also we are seeing some anecdotal evidence from the tool companies that are actually seeing demand from pharma. So, I would like to hear kind of like your thoughts of what you think kind of like the sponsors are doing, and how they're thinking about in-sourcing versus outsourcing trial work.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I think  and this is John, again. I really haven't seen that, at least on our spectrum of customers. You'll always have  so I went to head of business of one pharma just recently, where that rumble was that they were going to pull and in-source resources ahead of the meeting, and it was the head of the business plus the head of procurement. Once I got into the meeting, it was not about that at all. They were consolidating the CROs who they work with, and we were one of those that they were consolidating to. And so, I do hear of some rumble about that, it just hasn't  I haven't seen that with our customer set in terms of the in-sourcing "penetration" or backwards moving into pharma. I can't talk to customers I'm not at, and so you'll have to ask the others of my brethren in terms of that, but right now, we haven't seen that, still see an ever-increasing penetration, whether it's in the mid-tier, or biotech, or in that large pharma and as an industry, trim.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then kind of like you're talking about the fact that it's taking longer to convert into revenues, and that is something that you guys have been talking about for over a year-and-a-half now. Just, if you can just give us some more context, is it taking longer to convert because you as a CRO and your CRO peers just are seeing more difficulty in recruiting patients, or is it taking longer to convert because of the customer side and the drug companies that are just kind of like pacing  slowing their pace?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No, I would say neither. It's more complex trials at the heart of it. So, more complex protocols within the oncology area, within the rare and orphan disease area. It also takes longer in terms of a Phase III recruitment, yes, as opposed to infectious disease, when you're looking at an oncology trial, et cetera. So, the orientation of the pipeline to those areas more and more give you a longer revenue conversion
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then the last question on...
Scott Frommer - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No, no, that's it. That's it. Sorry, Ricky, but we've got two more people waiting, and you had two, and it's after 10:00. So, let's move on, please. We'll take whatever you have offline.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just on the CRO side, we've heard a lot of discussion on certain assets that you guys probably would be interested in to bolster that business. As you prioritize international expansion and clinical capabilities, Asia being a perfect example, I mean, how would you rank what you're looking for in terms of what you see the need for the business to turn around and strengthen?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Brian, it's Dave, good morning.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: Hi, Dave.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: We've been talking about this quite a bit, so I'm not going to say anything that I haven't said multiple times. The clinical CRO business, we do need to be more sizable in Asia Pac, so that is one important consideration. It's only one. We want to acquire the asset that's going to fit us best from a strategic perspective. That involves financial returns. That involves cultural fit. That involves long-term opportunity where we see the business growing in therapeutic areas. So, there are multiple factors that we take into consideration, but you're certainly correct that Asia Pac is one.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: Hey, Dave, what exactly about Asia stands out as driving that view?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, I think probably the biggest thing about Asia is there are a number of significant markets there that require data from their particular subjects, and if we don't have the clinical presence in those markets, it's tough to win the studies. So, it's mostly a function of large customers there in Japan and Korea, for example, large market opportunities, and regulatory environment in which they want to see  and, of course, I should mention China as well  and regulatory environment in which they want to see specific data relating to their populations.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: All right. Got it. Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. Thanks, guys. So, wanted to follow up on PAMA. You guys went through some of the things you are dealing with. I'm interested in your perspective regarding how you think the rest of the market and particularly the small independent labs and the hospital labs, are preparing for the implementation. Obviously, we don't know for sure, but hopefully next year. Just curious if you think about just how you'd grade the preparedness among your competitors, what that means for you.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I don't really have a good perspective on that, Isaac. It's Dave. I mean, I know what we hear when we go to ACLA, but I think there's a surprising lack of awareness of the potential impact of PAMA, for example, is my perception, in the hospital lab director environment. I think small labs are for the most part, at least the leaders of them that I talk to, are aware of the potential outcomes. I don't know where they are in terms of preparedness or data submission. That's not something that we talk about with our peers.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then just as a follow-up on the impact, we know the perspective walk on future reimbursement, but if we just think about maybe the first 12 months, if all goes according to your best expectations, do you think the net effect of incremental volume will be neutral or positive to our ASPs, or is it too hard to say?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, I think we should be clear, and we tried to be clear, that if PAMA is implemented based on the rule that's out there, there will be a reduction in the Medicare and clinical lab fee schedule. So, it's very hard, no matter how much volume you get, to offset a price reduction in a book of business of that size. So, I would not expect if PAMA gets implemented in January that we will offset the financial impact of the fee schedule reduction with incremental volume.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session for today. It is now my pleasure to hand the conference over back to Dave King for closing comments and remarks. Sir?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you very much for joining us this morning. We appreciate your time and look forward to speaking to you on our second quarter earnings call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everybody, have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Frommer - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings
Analysts: Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Lisa Christine Gill - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore Group LLC Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC Alexander D. Nowak - Piper Jaffray & Co. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Ashley Polmateer - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the LabCorp Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Scott Frommer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Scott Frommer - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's fourth quarter and full-year 2016 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and internet. With me today are: Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Finance Officer; and John Ratliff, CEO of Covance Drug Development. In addition to our press release, we also filed a Form 8-K this morning that includes additional financial information. Both are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com, and included a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. Finally, we are making forward-looking statements during today's call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2015 Form 10-K. We have no obligations to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. LabCorp had a strong finish to an outstanding year. We delivered record revenue of $9.4 billion, record earnings per share of $8.83, and record free cash flow of $900 million, while driving margin improvement in both segments. We also reinitiated our share repurchase program, buying back $50 million worth of shares in the fourth quarter. Our 2017 guidance contemplates another year of strong revenue and EPS growth as well as margin expansion, producing record free cash flow which we will continue to deploy toward return of capital to shareholders, strategic acquisitions, and debt reduction. We continue to drive these strong financial results through a combination of operational improvements and long-term strategic initiatives. I will highlight key activities in these areas in turn. In 2016, we made significant progress on a number of initiatives designed to enhance quality of care, improve our patient and customer experience, and increase efficiency. Through process reengineering, the integration of new tools and technology and facility consolidations, our LaunchPad program continues to deliver long-term quality and margin improvement to our Diagnostics segment. The LaunchPad portfolio currently includes over 100 projects at various stages of implementation. At LaunchPad's inception, we established a goal of sustainably reducing $150 million of expense from the business during the three years ending in 2017. Ending in the year three, we remain on track to achieve this objective, and our LaunchPad initiatives will generate additional savings extending into 2018 and beyond. Let me review a few of these activities now. Project Phoenix involves deployment of new Revenue Cycle Management technology. Our nationwide insurance eligibility verification tool has improved our ability to capture accurate patient information at the time of service in our patient service centers. We also recently introduced, in several markets, a patient responsibility estimator which provides patients with an advanced estimate of what they will pay for our services. We plan to introduce this offering to our entire PSC network throughout 2017, improving pricing transparency and point-of-service collections, and reducing surprises for our patients when they receive their bills. Project Horizon consists of multiple activities to improve the patient service center experience. As part of this project, we will provide new self-service registration options at select sites later this year, improve the PSC selection and appointment scheduling experience, and incorporate advancements in technology to allow patients to access these tools seamlessly from multiple mobile devices. We also implemented a workflow and workforce optimization tool as part of Project Liftoff, enabling us to implement scheduled adjustments and process changes on a site-by-site basis for our contact centers and PSCs. These improvements, along with new employee shift options, will provide greater certainty for our employees about their schedules, and enhance the customer and patient experience by deploying staff based on the real-time needs of our sites. Our initial pilot is underway, and we will deploy this technology in other functional areas in the future. In addition to LaunchPad, we continue to benefit from the ongoing implementation of lab automation such as our proprietary Propel robot. The Propel robot enhances quality and efficiency, and reduces waste by replacing the manual pre-analytical splitting and sorting processes with automated precision. At the end of 2016, the Propel robot was operational at five sites including our recent implementation at Birmingham, and we plan to deploy additional systems in our major laboratories during 2017 and 2018. In our drug development business, we completed the integration of our central lab facilities in Singapore and China, and are on track for mid-2017 site consolidations in the U.S. and Europe. These consolidations are an integral part of the $100 million of cost synergies in the Covance Drug Development business that we are on track to achieve during the three-year period ending in 2017. Our commitment to continuous operating improvement drives a steady focus on quality, efficiency, and margin improvement. Concurrently to deliver long-term revenue and profit growth, we are pursuing several major strategic initiatives which I will now discuss. We are focused on the complete organizational integration of Covance and LabCorp to build on our successes in the use of data, companion diagnostics, and specialized disease state expertise. Through the combination of LabCorp, patient data, and global Covance physician investigator data, we continue to win new orders and increase our win rate across multiple therapeutic categories. In companion diagnostics, we worked on over 60 programs supporting over 145 clinical protocols in 2016, and we grew revenue 35% in this area since 2014. In the innovative area of immuno-oncology drug development, we doubled the number of study awards from 2015 to 2016, and also performed thousands of PD-L1 tests through our Diagnostic and Drug Development segments. We are the clear industry leader in these areas, and see great opportunity for growth in the years ahead. As part of our ongoing data integration, we are focused on expanding our capabilities to support innovative applications. For example, we have amassed a growing database of approximately 100,000 patients who have provided consent through our patient portal to be contacted about future clinical trials. We are also developing a cloud-based application that leverages public and proprietary data sources to help sponsors thoughtfully plan their clinical trial strategy. In addition, our data assets provide capabilities for conducting real-world evidence studies and providing hospitals, health systems, and large provider groups with greater access to clinical trials, an unmatched value proposition. Another area of strategic emphasis is the implementation of our health system data and analytics platform in cultivating long-term comprehensive partnerships with anchor health systems. Last month, we entered into a significant transaction with Mount Sinai Health System in New York City. In addition to providing broad laboratory testing solutions and enhanced data analytics, we are incorporating Covance Drug Development's expertise into these relationships. Over time, these anchor health systems will also become research hubs, improving their access to trials as well as Covance's site activation and investigator and patient recruitment capabilities. Our pipeline for these deals is stronger than ever, and we expect to continue to add health system partnerships this year and in the years ahead. We likewise continue to invest in innovative solutions for our industry-leading portfolio of managed care partnerships. We bring several strategic differentiators to these important relationships, providing support for the healthcare systems transition to a value-based payment environment. BeaconLBS is a front-end platform that improves the quality of patient care, lowers patient and system costs, and provides guidance on lab and test selection. The Litholink clinical decision support platform uses proprietary algorithms to tailor reports for chronic diseases including kidney stone, chronic kidney disease, osteoporosis, diabetes, and cardiovascular, driving improved adherence to evidence-based guidelines and increased patient and provider engagement. These capabilities are only available through LabCorp, and we will continue to expand them as well as enhance them via machine learning, as we integrate more deeply into the delivery of care. As these comments demonstrate, we are ramping up innovation in our combined organization, capitalizing on our unique capabilities. We are also focused on the expansion of our capabilities to alternate sites and methods of service delivery. In Diagnostics, we continue to introduce and commercialize new tests and technologies, redesign our patient-facing applications, expand our food safety and integrity business, and advance our consumer engagement and price transparency initiatives. In Drug Development, we continue to build on our accelerated informatics technology enabled platform, and leverage our unique market position as an end-to-end provider of drug development capabilities, from preclinical service all the way through to market access expertise. We will also extend the availability of our services to new settings, enabling greater patient access and convenience. We continue to explore the opportunity to collocate patient service centers within retail pharmacies, where consumers are accustomed to seeking healthcare. In addition, we are working to integrate our lab testing solutions into telemedicine partnerships, reaching more patients and making it easier for them to access our services. Both of these markets represent new channels for long-term organic growth. Finally, we are committed to returning capital to shareholders while making disciplined capital investments in our business and strategic acquisitions. As noted earlier, we resumed share repurchases in the fourth quarter and plan to deploy our capital flexibly to continue to maximize long-term shareholder value. In closing, we expect 2017 to be another year of significant innovation, as we continue to reposition ourselves to meet the needs of a rapidly changing healthcare system. We occupy a unique market position as a global life sciences company, presenting us opportunities to play an essential role in delivering high-quality and high-value patient care, unlocking long-term profitable growth, and increasing long-term shareholder value. Supported and inspired by the shared focus and commitment of more than 50,000 colleagues worldwide to improve health and improve lives, I have great enthusiasm for the years ahead. Now, I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you, Dave. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our fourth quarter results, followed by a discussion of our LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development segments, and close with our 2017 guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $2.4 billion, an increase of 6.3% over last year, due to the strong organic growth across both segments as well as acquisitions, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation of 60 basis points. Organic revenue growth in the quarter on a constant currency basis was 4.3%. Gross profit for the quarter was $788 million or 33% of revenue, compared to $741 million or 33% last year. The increase in gross profit was primarily due to the demand, price, mix, acquisition, and our LaunchPad and Covance cost synergy initiatives, partially offset by personnel costs. SG&A for the quarter was $406 million or 17% of revenue, compared to $406 million or 18.1% last year. Special charges in the quarter were $5 million, primarily related to the integration of acquisitions and executive transition costs, compared to $32 million a year ago. Excluding special charges, SG&A in the quarter was $401 million or 16.8% of revenue, compared to $374 million or 16.7% a year ago. The increase in SG&A was primarily due to acquisitions. During the quarter, we reported $10 million of restructuring charges, primarily related to the ongoing consolidation of our drug development operations and associated severance. Operating income for the quarter was $323 million or 13.5% of revenue, compared to $237 million or 10.5% last year. Excluding amortization, restructuring charges, and special items of $64 million, adjusted operating income was $388 million or 16.2% of revenue, compared to $367 million or 16.4% last year. The increase in adjusted operating income was primarily due to price, mix, acquisitions, and our LaunchPad and cost synergy initiatives. The decline in adjusted operating margin was due to the mix impact from the acquisition of Sequenom. Excluding Sequenom, margins would have increased 10 basis points over last year. Interest expense for the quarter was $53 million, down from $57 million a year ago, due to lower debt balances. The tax rate for the quarter was 33.3%, compared to 38.5% last year. Excluding special charges and amortization, the adjusted tax rate was 33%, down from 33.9% last year, primarily due to lower foreign tax rates. For the full year, the adjusted tax rate was approximately 34%, in line with our prior expectations. We expect the rate in 2017 to also be approximately 34%, which assumes no major regulatory changes to the U.S. corporate tax code. Net earnings for the quarter were $184 million or $1.75 per diluted share. Excluding amortization, restructuring charges, and other special items, adjusted EPS were $2.15 in the quarter, up 9% over last year. Operating cash flow was $449 million in the quarter, an increase of $64 million over last year, primarily due to higher earnings and improved cash collections. Capital expenditures totaled $74 million or 3.1% of revenue, down from $85 million or 3.8% last year. As a result, free cash flow was $375 million in the quarter, an improvement from $300 million last year. At quarter-end, our cash balance was $434 million, down from $568 million at the end of the third quarter. Total debt was approximately $5.8 billion. During the quarter, we invested $152 million in acquisitions, paid down $302 million of debt, and reinitiated our share buyback program repurchasing $50 million of stock. As a result, we have $740 million of authorization remaining under our share repurchase program at year-end. The company's leverage at year-end was 3.1 times gross debt to last 12 months' EBITDA down from 3.3 times at the end of the third quarter. Now, I'll review our segment performance beginning with LabCorp Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $1.7 billion, an increase of 7.8% over last year. The increase in revenue was driven by acquisitions, price, mix, and organic volume measured by requisitions. Revenue for requisition increased 5.2%, benefiting from price, mix, and the Sequenom acquisition. In addition, esoteric testing grew at faster rate than core testing. Total volume increased 2.7%, of which organic volume was 0.6% and acquisition volume was 2.1%. LabCorp Diagnostics' adjusted operating income for the quarter was $318 million or 19% of revenue, compared to $292 million or 18.8% last year. The increase in operating income was primarily due to price, mix, acquisition, and our LaunchPad initiative. Operating margins were up 20 basis points, despite the negative impact of 50 basis points from the Sequenom acquisition, which we continue to expect to be accretive to earnings during our first year of ownership. Now I'll review the performance of Covance Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $716 million, an increase of 3.5% over last year. Excluding the impact from approximately 160 basis points of negative currency and the expiration of the Sanofi site support agreement which annualized at the end of October, revenue increased 6.1% over last year. The revenue growth was primarily due to increased demand in our clinical and early development businesses as well as favorable mix in central labs. Adjusted operating income was $106 million, or 14.9% of revenue compared to $110 million or 16% last year. The decline in operating income and margin from last year's record performance were primarily due to investments in the sales force and CRAs to support ongoing growth, partially offset by favorable demand mix and cost synergies. On a sequential basis, margins increased 130 basis points over the third quarter, primarily due to improved clinical efficiencies. Beginning this quarter, we are reporting net orders and backlog on a fully executed contract basis as opposed to the industry practice of recognizing orders and backlog based on non-contracted written awards. We're also providing our expectation of the contracted backlog that will convert into revenue over the next 12 months. Beginning next quarter we will report net orders and book-to-bill on a trailing 12-month basis only. We adopted this approach as we believe this methodology creates a more conservative threshold for including awards in the backlog and with our new disclosure will provide greater visibility into revenue conversion from the backlog. Using this methodology, net orders and net book-to-bill during the quarter were $849 million and 1.19 respectively, compared to $887 million and 1.24 under the prior methodology. These strong results were negatively impacted by the cancellation of two large clinical studies late in the year for which we provided central laboratory services. During the trailing 12 months using this methodology, net orders and net book-to-bill were $3.1 billion and 1.11, respectively, compared to $3.3 billion and 1.16 under the prior methodology. Backlog at the end of the year was $4.9 billion, and we expect approximately $2 billion of this backlog to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. This change in methodology resulted in the removal of $2.2 billion of non-contracted written awards from the backlog, a substantial portion of which will be contracted and added to the backlog in 2017. Now, I'll provide our 2017 guidance, which uses foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2016, and includes the impact of anticipated capital allocation including acquisitions, share repurchases, and debt repayment. We expect reported revenue growth of 4.5% to 6.5%, after adjusting for the negative impact from approximately 60 basis points of foreign currency translation. We expect LabCorp Diagnostics reported revenue growth of 4.5% to 6.5%, after adjusting for the negative impact from approximately 10 basis points of foreign currency translation. We expect Covance Drug Development reported revenue growth of 3.5% to 5.5%, after adjusting for the negative impact from approximately 180 basis points of foreign currency translation. Covance's revenue growth in 2017 is lessened by approximately 100 basis points due to the cancellation of two large clinical studies late in 2016 for which we provided central laboratory services. Our 2017 adjusted EPS guidance is $9.35 to $9.75, an increase of 6% to 10% over 2016 including the negative impact of foreign currency translation. We expect free cash flow to be between $925 million and $975 million, up from $897 million in 2016 and expect our capital expenditures to be approximately 3% of net revenue, consistent with 2016. From a timing perspective, all of our guidance is expected to be impacted by seasonality, one fewer day this year as the result of leap year in 2016 and other factors referenced in our comments. As a result we expect first half results to be lower than second half results. In summary, we're enthusiastic about our prospects for 2017. We expect strong top line growth and margin improvement to translate into attractive earnings per share growth. In addition, we expect to deploy our strong free cash flow to strategic acquisitions, returning capital to shareholders and debt reduction, which will continue to build long-term shareholder value. This concludes our formal remarks and we'll now take questions. Operator?
Operator: Your first question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, I want to start  Dave, you talked about the pipeline on the hospital side, really good to see the Mount Sinai deal this quarter. I'm curious, as you look at the funnel, what do you think is driving the conversation and do you think a reimbursement is part of the equation with some of the changes coming in 2018?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: So, I think that part of the conversation is in anticipation of the potential impact of PAMA. I think part of the conversation is some uncertainty around generally regulatory reform, how much of the bundled payment demonstrations and other things that CMS has been doing, are going to continue and what form they'll take. And, yes, to your specific question, I think as we talk with our managed care partners, there is more and more of a push toward what they broadly characterize as value-based payment. And value-based payment includes bundled payments. It includes pay for outcomes. It includes pay for adherence to metrics. And I think a lot of hospitals and health systems are focused on what are our core competencies in delivering value-based care and where can we partner to gain those competencies elsewhere. And I think in Diagnostics, laboratory services and drug development obviously are our competencies or our  and capabilities are industry-leading. So, I think it's a combination of things, but I do think the environment obviously is changing and that's to our benefit and a lot of it is the long-term play that we've been doing about how these partnerships take shape and what the value is over the long term.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That makes sense. And then just as a follow-up for Glenn, you mentioned that the guidance assumes some level of capital deployment from here. Can you just be a little bit more explicit in terms of share repurchase what the expectation is or what the share count you're using for guidance is? Thank you.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Hey, Jack. It's the overall  what we're saying is that the free cash flow which obviously we guide to, we're going to fully redeploy in 2017. And that is reflected in the guidance range that we have. It will be inclusive of share repurchases, which again we reinitiated in December of last year. It will include M&A, obviously the announced deal that we've already had, but also a pretty good pipeline as well as debt repayment. At this point, we're not commenting specifically on how much of that free cash flow will apply to each, other that we expect it within that range to encompass all three.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Willoughby with Credit Suisse.
Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Glenn, did you mention  I know Sequenom was a drag on earnings in the third quarter. What was the experience in the fourth quarter? Are we at profitability there yet? And then maybe for Dave to the acquisition question, the stock seems to be trading more on speculation over what you may acquire than maybe on the fundamentals here. Can you review maybe what your parameters are, highlighting areas of opportunity and interest for you and what doesn't fit, and any thoughts on transaction sizes that would be palatable to LabCorp?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Okay. I'll start with the first part, Bob, on Sequenom, which is as we commented even, I believe in last quarter, we expected the fourth quarter for Sequenom to be a loss of operating income during the quarter, so a little bit dilutive. We expect it to be accretive to earnings in our first year of ownership. And so as we go into 2017, we expect obviously profitability for Sequenom. But for the fourth quarter, it was a constraint. And I think we spoke to the fact that even with Diagnostics showing there's margin improvement, it was actually constrained by the loss of Sequenom in the quarter but will be favorable to earnings next year.
Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Bob, good morning. On the acquisitions, so, obviously, let me start by saying, not going to speak about any rumors for specific deals, but I think it's a good question, how do we look at acquisitions broadly. So, first of all, there's a very healthy pipeline in both segments, and I think it's important to emphasize for analysts and investors that we try to look at everything that may be relevant to us. So I think people would be surprised, the number of transactions that we look at that we end up not being interested in, and I think that's important to say because obviously there has been a rumor out that we're looking at something, and it was in the newspaper and people should recognize that we look at a lot of things, and we end up passing on most of them because they don't fit. So, what's the question about how things fit? Let me start with the framework and go back to the presentation that we made at JPMorgan in which we highlighted that one of our pre-2017 priorities was to reinitiate return of capital to shareholders. And as Glenn said, we started that in 4Q of 2016 and our plan is to continue that. Our philosophy around M&A is that there are sort of four fundamentals: One, it has to be a strategic fit. That may be geographic, that may be complementing test menu or capabilities, but the transaction has to fit our well articulated long-term strategy. Second, it has to meet financial metrics, so IRR, return on invested capital, multiples, synergy opportunities, these are things that are a very important part of how we think about acquisitions. Third, it has to create or present a future growth opportunity. So, as we've highlighted with Sequenom, even though it didn't meet all of our metrics out of the gate, the future growth opportunity in women's health and non-invasive prenatal testing where we're now the market leader, and the opportunity to add capabilities to Sequenom's platform was a very important consideration. So we think about how is that acquisition potentially going to help us grow in the long term. And then fourth, of course, is EPS accretion. We fundamentally want these deals to be immediately accretive but we certainly think about them being accretive over time as an important consideration. And then the last thing I would comment just broadly is, as a general composition, before Covance, our approach was after CapEx and investment in the business, we spend about half our free cash flow on acquisitions and we spend about half of it on returning capital to shareholders and you should continue to think about that as our fundamental philosophy of how we deploy cash in the business.
Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Bonello with Craig-Hallum.
William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Good morning, guys. I'm just going to beat on that same question in a couple of different ways, if I can. If I just do some sort of back-of-the envelope math in my head and I think of you deploying almost $1 billion of free cash flow to either acquisitions or share repurchase, it feels like the guidance you gave is kind of low. And so what I'm trying to figure out is, within the scope of what you're contemplating, do you allow yourself room for, hey, there may be acquisitions that could be potentially nicely accretive but because of the timing on when they get completed in 2017 or the time in which you realize some of the synergies, they don't necessarily  aren't as much of a boost to 2017 as they might be to the future? I'm just trying to figure out why maybe the math doesn't work so well.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Bill, it's Dave. As you know, the guidance incorporates a wide range of potential outcomes. And you should think about timing as being a very important factor because transactions that may be in the pipeline, that may be rumored to be in the pipeline, that may be rumored to be coming to market, timing of signing, closing, antitrust clearance  all those affect where the earnings power is created and how accretive the transactions are. So, I think it is important as, as you know, we don't slice and dice the guidance to try to break down every individual number and what's contemplated there. But there is a fair balance in the guidance of capital deployment towards share repurchase and capital deployment toward acquisitions.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yes. The only thing I would add to that, Bill, too, just to kind of level-set, what our guidance does reflect is obviously good top line growth across both of our businesses, margin improvement, and then with capital allocation even driving earnings even higher. And then just to reinforce Dave's point, we do have a lot of timing and how much we allocate of that free cash flow between the various areas that we can. But we view the overall guidance that we're providing would be another very strong year for the company.
William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Sure.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Just one other comment I should make which is, the guidance includes a pretty strong headwind from currency that does knock down where we would end up, all other things being equal. So I think it's important to recognize that we need to factor in, there is an impact on revenue from currency translation and as we've often said, that when you take that drop-down off of that revenue to earnings, that has an impact on obviously what we earn.
William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Sure. Okay. That makes sense. And then if I can, my follow-up, just curious how you think about leverage. Obviously you were willing to take on a significant amount of debt to do Covance. If you were to do a big CRO acquisition, I'm not looking for you to comment on that, but presumably that would require a significant amount of debt too. What I'm curious is, how you think about leverage  in the absence of those opportunities, potentially taking on any leverage for share repurchase just given that you're at an unprecedented discount to your peers right now.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: So I'll start and then Glenn may have some additional comments. We established I think back in 2009 or so that our target leverage is 2.5 times. Obviously in the seven or eight years since, the company has grown pretty substantially in terms of the amount of EBITDA that we generate. So, that 2.5 times remains a target. It is not a commandment, and we've demonstrated a willingness to be flexible about our leverage. For example, we repurchased shares in the fourth quarter even though we're not at 2.5 times leverage because we thought it was a great opportunity to deploy capital and return it to shareholders. In terms of increasing the leverage, we've demonstrated a willingness to do it for M&A. Our investment grade rating is important to us, and that's something that we would intend to maintain. Increasing leverage for share repurchase, again, it depends on what else is out there in the marketplace. We know the value of investing in our own business. We know the return from buying our own shares, and we evaluate that against what's the value of other things we might buy, what's the long-term return on other things that we might buy. And we'll be disciplined about how we deploy and use the leverage in 2017 and obviously in the years ahead.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah. The other thing I'd add to that, Bill, is that the company is generating significant and sustainable free cash flow and as a result it gives us the flexibility to utilize the balance sheet appropriately as we feel we need to do, but we've gotten the leverage down from when we've done it. We ended the quarter at the end of the year at 3.1 times and again we've got another strong year of cash flow ahead of us.
William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nicholas Jansen with Raymond James.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. Two questions from me. One, organic volume in the lab seemed to bounce back nicely relative to 3Q, even though there probably was some Hurricane Matthew dynamic to consider. So I just wanted to get your thoughts on kind of market share growth within the lab segment. And then secondarily on the CRO, as you look at the margin performance, it did bounce back sequentially. But you were down year-over-year on operating profit. I just wanted to know, within the guidance that you set forth for 2017, when do we start to think about the CRO growing again from a profitability perspective? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: So, on the organic volume in Diagnostics. Nick, I think this and the second part of your question just demonstrates that it can be a little bit deceptive to look at a particular quarter over a particular quarter in a prior year. And so I think if we look broadly at 2016, we saw about 1% organic volume growth. That's about what we think the market is growing. We had a dip in the third quarter which I think was anomalous for a variety of reasons. We had a strong recovery in the fourth quarter. And as you say, that was dragged a little bit by Hurricane Matthew. But we felt very good about fourth quarter volume growth, particularly because it's growing in esoteric, it's growing in women's health, it's growing in the focus areas that we're devoting our resources to. So, nice strong volume growth in the fourth quarter. We look to 2017 and say approximately 1% organic volume growth seems to be market, we obviously want to beat that, but that's how we think about the year. And I'll turn it over to Glenn and John in terms of the Diagnostics margins  I'm sorry, the Covance margins.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I'll take a first cut and John, you may want to provide more color. But as you commented, Nick, we feel good about the sequential improvement that we had in the business. When we think about the comp in the fourth quarter, we obviously are comparing it to a record quarter, I think 16% margins in the fourth quarter a year ago. As we look to 2017, we believe  again, we're giving you the revenue guidance but we also believe we're going to get margin expansion, benefiting from the growth of the business and continue to improve on the clinical efficiencies. We also did comment though that the first half for the company will be lighter than the second half for the company and that affects Covance as well. Obviously we continue to invest in the business. We talked about the labor, the call it sales force, the CRAs that haven't annualized yet. So that will be a headwind in the first part. We also talked about the late cancellations that obviously will have an impact in the first half as we look to replenish given that those were active accounts that we had. So, again, we expect good margin improvement year over year, but expect that the first half would still be light year-over-year in the first half of 2017 and then picking up very nicely in the second half.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. I'll hop back in the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lisa Gill with J.P. Morgan.
Lisa Christine Gill - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Good morning. Dave, usually this conference call is the opportunity to highlight some of the things that came out of our conference on the Covance side. What were people looking for this year? And I know John is on the call, anything that you want to highlight that you were able to sign as we think about 2017?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, we don't talk about things that we've signed until they become public. From my perspective  I mean, from my perspective, what came out of the conference room from the Covance perspective was a better understanding of how well the integration between the two businesses has gone. We talked about the patient recruitment and site selection, we talked about the companion and complementary diagnostics already. Again, I want to highlight our work on Keytruda, our work on Opdivo, our work on Tagrisso and Tarceva, our work on Tacendra (42:58). I can't even pronounce the names of these drugs, but really, just a terrific performance in terms of establishing industry leadership in the development and the commercialization of companion diagnostics in a way that we don't see any competitor present. We highlighted our ability to partner using LabCorp and Covance with real-world evidence and post-market surveillance capabilities, specifically around the liver testing example of top 20 pharma where we're using the LabCorp resources to do the draws, we're using the Covance market access to remind patients of their appointments and scheduling, and we're using the combination of our technology to deliver results to physicians and patients. We highlighted how we can specifically open and close sites based on real-time data that LabCorp is receiving on things like respiratory tract infections. We highlighted the database that physicians who order the FibroSure test in recruiting NASH trials, the scientific capabilities that our combined organizations bring to sponsors, and obviously the value of our oncology, rare and orphan and infectious disease capabilities and the opportunity around the research hubs and the whole research hub model that goes back into the health system partnership. So, those are probably the kind of the big  I hope that we conveyed to investors a better understanding of what are the ways in which the organizations are really working well together and how do we think about the long-term opportunity and why we think the long-term trajectory for these businesses combined is really terrific.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: And I think you saw that in the strong book-to-bill within the fourth quarter, the strength across the businesses, whether that was in clinical or in the labs or in early development. And you saw the solutions that Dave just talked about coming to the fore. And even though we had the cancellations in the two large lab studies, still pulling off 1.24 and without that being in the high 1.3s. So, nice performance, and that's kind of how you gauge whether the integration is moving swiftly and you're seeing that within our ordering.
Lisa Christine Gill - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: Right. I wasn't talking about from an investor perspective. If I did remember our Q&A from maybe the last two years, it was more around the opportunities of meeting with pharma and biotech and what they were looking for from Covance and some of the incremental opportunities without naming specific opportunities. So, I was just looking for any incremental color from that perspective. Did you feel like it was better than the last two years, in line with the last two years? Just any color around how you think about how that went versus your expectation or what you've seen in previous years. And I know, John, this was your first time from a Covance perspective.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah. I saw a great amount of partnering activity, the biotech business area and the large pharma mid-tiers, significant partnerships that either were initiated or developed and great momentum across the marketplace. Obviously we have R&D growth, but at the same time I think the partnering capabilities with the data that we are driving from the LabCorp side and/or solutions that we're driving with respect to the combination our customers are seeing, and that was evidenced by all the different partnering capabilities that we saw at the conference.
Lisa Christine Gill - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Muken with Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore Group LLC: Hi, guys. This is Elizabeth in for Ross. I just wanted to ask a question regarding the change in management at Covance. I wanted to just hear sort of a little bit more about how has the team reacted, what incremental opportunities do you see available? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, I'll start. It's Dave, Elizabeth. My perception is that John is a terrific executive, he has been well received both internally at LabCorp and Covance and externally by our sponsors and partners, and as I think he just highlighted, the opportunities in terms of partnering in terms of the level of interest in the LabCorp and Covance services is very high. So, we feel terrific about the leadership change and about where it's going to take us in 2017 and ahead.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I think that we've seen great double-digit growth in studies based on the data side and this is all about net orders at the end of the day and winning, and so we're seeing that show up in the marketplace for us.
Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amanda Murphy with William Blair.
Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. I just had a follow-up with some of the conversations on the CRO side. I was just wondering, so obviously you have....
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Hey, Amanda, can you  Amanda, can you speak up a little bit. You're really muffled.
Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. Is this better? I'm sorry.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yes.
Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: I just had a quick follow-up to some of the questions on the CRO side. So, obviously you had a good, strong book-to-bill, but I was curious if you could talk to some of the broader trends. I think a couple of others have seen cancellations and I think some have mentioned dynamics around revenue conversion just given shift to biologics over time, I'm wondering if you could speak those two dynamics more broadly.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Okay. I think in terms of the book-to-bill, was strong across each area. We are different in the sense that on the revenue conversion side we are the only broad early development lab and in clinical business CRO. And so in early development you do have faster backlog conversion. At most, you will have two to four quarters of that booking convert into revenues with a little bit faster within the early development timeframe. In terms of cancellations just in the fourth quarter was probably our highest within the last couple of years, if you look at that quarterly rate. And thus the 1.24 at the end of the day or the 1.19 new methodology is showing real signs of strength in the quarter itself. So that's a little bit of color on  A, the book-to-bill, and the cancellations.
Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: So I guess is there  so there's nothing to read into the cancellations in terms of that becoming a broader trend? Obviously, there's concern around that.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No. This was well publicized, cancellations late in the quarter, November, and it's clinical research. And there's nothing to do with an industry trend.
Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: And then just totally switching topics, I had a question on Beacon, just wondering what you're seeing...
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Amanda, I'm really sorry but we just cannot make out what you're saying.
Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. So, I'll try  I'll get back in the queue. I'm sorry. Something is wrong with my phone clearly. Thank you, though.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray.
Alexander D. Nowak - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Alex Nowak on for Bill today. In the prepared remarks, you mentioned that there are numerous benefits to the business of having patient health data after combining the Diagnostics and CRO business. So I was just curious, are there any other verticals that you would consider acquiring or partnering with to gather additional patient health data?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: It's Dave. Good morning. I would say we're always partnering with other organizations to enhance our database and broaden our reach in the patient population, and generally we don't talk broadly about the specifics, but you can feel confident that we are always reaching out to find other sources of data that will expand our resources just beyond pure lab data.
Alexander D. Nowak - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And then I think my second question is what Amanda was going to ask, but we're hearing the BeaconLBS project in Texas is getting some pushback and may actually potentially be on hold. So I was just curious what is the latest there?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. So, as you probably know, United has delayed the claim denial application part of BeaconLBS and a postcard went out to physicians, and I'll just comment briefly on that. So, first of all, as you may remember, we had a similar situation in Florida, and so this is sort of part of the normal course of how you change healthcare and change patient and provider behavior, there's a lot of learning, there's a lot of detail, and we're always trying to accommodate the balance between what needs to be done and what the marketplace needs to get what needs to be done, done. The decision support tool is active and UnitedHealthcare has encouraged physicians to use it to become accustomed with it so that at the point where they do implement, the market will be ready. We have 98% of Texas physicians registered and 89% of the Texas labs within the network are registered, and we continue to enhance the platform with things like EMR integration and new tools and capabilities. I do want to comment editorially that the need for this type of tool is great, and as you probably have seen, it was probably reported that UnitedHealthcare sued a toxicology lab in Texas that was charging 3 to 10 times the amount of network providers and 2 to 3 times the amount that out-of-network providers charge, which meant that it was charging the customer between $1,400 and $6,500 for toxicology panels that were available from network providers for vastly lower amounts. This generates unnecessary cost for the system and it generates unnecessary out-of-pocket cost for patients who are paying co-payments and deductibles. And to the extent that that's addressed by providers by waiving patient co-pays and deductibles, that's a non-compliant practice that just drives additional systemic costs. So, the BeaconLBS tool is constantly iterating and improving to make it better and that's part of the reason why the implementation in United, again, the "hard implementation" has been delayed, although the tool is available and being used. But this is absolutely necessary if we want to change the cost of the healthcare curve and eliminate non-compliant practices in the marketplace.
Alexander D. Nowak - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. There are local press reports of you buying PAML, which is a fairly sizeable regional lab. I guess I'm just wondering, is that a unique opportunity or are you seeing more larger regional assets coming up and can you give us a sense of all the range of revenue and EBITDA multiples for just deals generally and maybe the margin profile of outreach businesses when you buy them?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, I'm not going to comment on anything about any particular transaction. And I think to some extent we've responded to this question earlier, which is the pipeline is robust and there is new interest from health systems generally and more broadly. In terms of strategic opportunities, that may include sale or it may include broader partnerships. In terms of multiples, I mean, it's just  there's no way to characterize what multiples are going to be of revenue and EBITDA. Every system is different. Even the way that health systems account for their lab revenue is extremely different. Some, for example, charge the lab with IT. Some don't charge the lab with IT. That makes the supposed profitability look very different. So, suffice it to say, I go back to what I said before, which is we're disciplined about our financial metrics. We're disciplined about the way we deploy our capital. We're looking for acquisitions that are strategic, provide growth opportunities, meet our return criteria, and are going to be accretive.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. And then, just a follow-up, Dave, you talked about the push toward value-based. If payers are focused there, do you think there's an incentive or a continued incentive for exclusive relationships to continue versus payers wanting sort of broader access to lower costs in national labs versus narrowing the network to just one?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I can't really comment on payer philosophy. I would say, I think we have a terrific managed care book and highly valued managed care partnerships, and we're going to continue to pursue solutions that not only meet their needs, but meet the needs of the healthcare system and of patients and providers.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Valiquette with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, Dave and Glenn. So, I guess without discussing any specific M&A opportunities, just at a high level, some investors have asked us, in general, whether short-term stock reactions to things that you may or may not acquire, whether that reaction is positive or negative, is this something that you pay attention to when pondering M&A? Or is this maybe just  let's say, less critical in your thinking, and instead, you and everyone at LabCorp just stays focused on what they think is right for the business? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, I have emphasized over the years and continue to emphasize that we always look at long-term value creation. We always look at what is right for LabCorp as a business, and we believe that in the long term that will serve the best interest of our shareholders. That said, our shareholders also have some input into what they think is going to create long-term value. We listen to them very carefully on things like return of capital, and you can see that we've responded to that. Again, even though our leverage was not a target in the fourth quarter, because this was highlighted as something that's very important, and so we spend a lot of time with shareholders, we listen closely to their input. We value their views highly, and we take that into consideration. Stock price reaction, that's less of a factor because there are so many moving pieces in how the stock reacts. So, again, long-term interests of the business, long-term value creation, views of investors, those are things that are very important to us as we think about the strategy for the business ahead.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's helpful. One other real quick one, this seems pretty straightforward, but just any additional color around the thought pattern on the change in the book-to-bill methodology or just the timing of doing it now? Thanks.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah, Steve, this is Glenn. As we reflected on it, we saw, obviously, another CRO that's changed their methodology as well. It is interesting that the backlog has been built up, if you will, based upon just  it could be an e-mail just stating that here's future business that we'd like you to work on. I think, from our perspective, being more conservative, just to know that we have an executed contract that we would now be working on and calling that the backlog we felt was a better representation of the backlog, again, better visibility of saying out of that backlog now that we have, how much will that translate into our revenues over the next year. And then, obviously, giving guidance for revenue, it also gives you a good sense of what business do we need to bring into the company during the year and still transact during that year. So, we think it's just overall more conservative, better color on the business. And yeah, we again, saw someone else do it, and we agree with that methodology.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's great. Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: We're past 10 o'clock now and we still have a number of people in the queue, so we'd like to finish up no later than 10:15. I'd encourage people to be concise. And unless you really need a follow-up, let's try to limit it to one question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just a quick follow-up on that last question. So, does the change in order and backlog reporting, does that impact the business operationally in any way when it comes to sales compensation or any other metrics, or is it purely optics?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: It does put a renewed focus on the time between the award and the contract and what efficiencies you can drive for that. But as to the overall operational approach, no, it does not change. And I'd also say, if you  coming from outside the industry to inside the industry and now being an old-time vet, if you ask coming in, what do you generate backlog on, and it's not a contractual obligation, it just hits you that it might be a more conservative approach to go to the contract. It's just a more rational approach to go to the contract side and eliminate some level of volatility at the same time between that award and contract. But bottom line, it doesn't change the operations.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Hello, everybody. Just I wanted to ask  I think in Glenn's prepared remarks, he talks about the Phoenix initiative and also the discussion about collocation of sites with retail pharmacies. First, on the Phoenix one, when you think about what you're doing with Revenue Cycle Management upfront being able to tell patients, I guess, what their co-pays and so forth might be, can you give us any sense of what you think that might mean for you over the next year or two in terms of potential savings relative to bad debts or bills that you can't submit because they're not properly filled out? And then, on the collocation on the pharmacies, what does that opportunity look like long term? Is that just broadening your reach, or is there some actual cost savings from potentially rationalizing phlebotomists, and things like that? Give us some flavor on those two a little more.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: A.J., it's Dave, and those were in my remarks. I feel obligated to respond to...
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, sorry about that.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: On Phoenix, I mean, there's two or three benefits from Phoenix. So, the first one is the patient knows at the time of service what their actual responsibility is going to be, and that's helpful because if it's more than they want to pay, they have the option to say, I don't want to pay, or I don't want the test, or I don't want a particular test. And those are things that are going to be incorporated into the patient service center experience, and ultimately we want to push that out to physician offices as well through our lab connect tool. The benefit for us is, we collect credit cards from patients at the patient service center. We don't know how much the patient is going to owe or we haven't historically. And so, often we collect a credit card where the patient doesn't owe anything, and we don't collect a credit card where the patient does owe. And we ask the patient for more money authorized to the credit card than they are going to owe us, and so we get some resistance. This way, it's going to be an exact estimate. This is based on your deductible, your plan, where you are in your cycle. This is what you're going to owe. Now, it's not perfect because there can be an add-on test, there can be something else ordered by a pathologist. But this is going to be an accurate representation to the patient of what they're going to owe and I think that's really going to be helpful. I'm not going to try to make an estimate of what it's going to save or reduce in bad debt. It's part of an ongoing initiative to keep our bad debt flat in percentage and reduce it over time. On retail, we find that about 65% of our patients are coming from home, and so if you make it convenient for them to be drawn in a setting closer to home, then that makes it easier for them to get their service. And when you combine it with something that's healthcare related, it provides, I think, broad opportunities on a lot of fronts, including as we think about direct patient engagement, Covance  consenting to trials with Covance, broadening capabilities that can be delivered in a pharmacy. So, again, this is a growth initiative. It's not focused on cost savings, and that's how we think about it.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Under this administration, some fairly substantial changes at the FDA. I'd be interested in your thoughts on how that might impact the CRO business.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I think if you believe what you read in the papers, it could be everything from complete revamp to nothing, and I think it's just way too early to even think about that until we have some guidance from HHS and some idea about who the commissioner would be.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then, maybe to follow up on your comments earlier about discussions with the shareholders, the stock continues to trade at a fairly wide multiple to your nearest competitor. So, I guess I'd just be interested in your thoughts on that. Is that something you pay attention to, and why do you think that may be the case?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I think we're doing what we think is best for the long-term interests of the business. I think we're  we have demonstrated that the combination of the businesses works. We've demonstrated that we're growing the business on both sides of the equation. And from my perspective, we've demonstrated that the opportunity ahead is great for us. So, I don't think short-term multiples or  I'm not a short-termer, I've been around a long time now, and I don't think short-term multiples or short-term multiple dislocations are anything that is beneficial for us to focus on and try to run this business in the best interest of our shareholders.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ashley Polmateer - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. This is Ashley Polmateer on for Ricky. I just had a quick question about the Covance changing in the methodology. So, if I look at the $2 billion that you plan to convert from the backlog over the next 12 months and compare it to your guidance, it looks like we're seeing a roughly 70% kind of guaranteed contracts for the next year. Is that about average to what you've seen before? Is this something that tends to fluctuate throughout the year, or is that an average number? And then, just also, as a quick follow-up, how long does it generally take from announced awards to convert into signed contracts? Thank you.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yes. It is about the same as in past historical, and in terms of award contract, varies by the individual businesses, but you should have in the neighborhood of two-quarter kind of conversions. And in some cases, certain customers will go to contract on award time, and then others will have a lengthy dialogue between the award and then the contractuals. So, it does vary by customer. And as we said before, the early development has a faster conversion rate than the clinical and the lab space.
Ashley Polmateer - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Question on NIPT, just looking for an update on how Sequenom is doing and how you're currently thinking about the opportunity in average risk NIPT testing.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Isaac, it's Dave. Good morning. We're very pleased with Sequenom, with the growth and with how well it's integrated into our women's health portfolio and what we perceive to be market share gains in NIPT. As you know, average risk coverage from payers is expanding. We think that's a promising trend as well as the opportunity to add capabilities to the Sequenom platform.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And just as you think about the size of the average risk, I mean, what's going to take for it to really materialize? Can you maybe map out a couple key initiatives that you are working on to make that a reality?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, I think, I mean, obviously, it's been supported now by professional societies. I think patient advocacy groups are picking up on the value. So, it's really a question of payer acceptance. And we continue to speak with medical leadership at all of our key payers in terms of broadening the NIPT capabilities to average risk because of the  obviously the opportunity to avoid long-term systemic costs down the road.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good morning, guys. Dave, just a quick question on PAMA, from what you guys are seeing at either LabCorp or at the ACLA, any updates or color you can share on hospital participation and any change in views on where you think PAMA would shake out, rate-wise? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: So, I don't have a lot to add here. We don't know specifically nor does ACLA how many more labs are captured or how many hospitals are captured under the expanded definition of applicable labs. We are submitting data. There have been a number of ACLA engagements with CMS about the data that's to be submitted and the interpretation of the rule. And so, as soon as we have more clarity and an update, we'll provide it to you.
Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC: All right. Got it. Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Massaro with Canaccord Genuity.
Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. I wanted to ask about your interest level in liquid biopsy, and can you maybe just characterize the degree to which you're pursuing partnerships or exploring potential acquisitions in that space? And then, related to that, I know you acquired Sequenom. And Sequenom, I believe, had some capabilities there. Can you comment on whether or not you think Sequenom can provide a valid liquid biopsy strategy?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: So, we're quite interested in liquid biopsy and see it as an attractive opportunity. On the Covance side, we do have a partnership with one of our valued partners around validating and implementing liquid biopsy. You're correct that Sequenom had begun developing liquid biopsy technology, and it was kind of shelved prior to the acquisition. And we have reinitiated that to look at whether it provides us with a viable option that we can scale and develop. There are literally hundreds of liquid biopsy providers and companies of all sizes and shapes. So, we continue to look at and evaluate them as to which ones would be the best partner or partners for us. At the same time, pursuing the Sequenom option is an internal opportunity.
Mark Anthony Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pima Anuba (01:15:02) with Bank of America.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you very much. Can you hear me okay?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yes.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thanks. Morning, Dave and Glenn. So, first of all, thank you for reiterating the commitment to investment grade credit ratings, that's great. And all the color on leverage targets. One question we often get from investors is, if there is a business reason, why LabCorp has to be rated at investment grade, or is it more about gaining access to capital at attractive levels?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, from my perspective, it's been a pretty fundamental principle that we want to maintain investment grade. It is access to capital markets. It's also favorability where we access those markets  of what we pay and what it costs us to take on debt, and I also think it's just responsible management of the balance sheet. And when we say investment grade, it helps frame for management we need to balance sheet responsibly and deploy our capital wisely to maintain that rating. So, that's my perspective. Glenn may have something to add on top of that.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No, I  just other than I agree, we enjoy obviously great access to low cost capital, given the strength of sustainability of our free cash flow, don't read into being below investment grade as a constraint. I mean we can obviously lever up the balance sheet as we have for the appropriate strategic investments. And given a substantial cash flow that we generate and obviously continue to make investments in our business make investments in acquisitions and return capital to our shareholders.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions in queue at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. King for closing remarks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you very much. Thanks, everybody, for joining us this morning. I think as you can see we have a lot of exciting things going on at LabCorp, and we're very enthusiastic about 2017, about the years ahead. We look forward to updating you on our activities in the quarters to come. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Surdez - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings
Analysts: William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Aurko Joshi - William Blair & Co. LLC Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Luke Sergott - Evercore Group LLC William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co. Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC A. J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the LabCorp Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Paul Surdez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Paul Surdez - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Third Quarter 2016 Conference Call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and internet. With me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Finance Officer; and John Ratliff, CEO of Covance Drug Development. In addition to our press release, we also filed a Form 8-K this morning that includes additional financial information. Both are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com and included reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. Finally, we are making forward-looking statements during today's call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financing results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2015 10-K. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you, Paul, and good morning, everyone. We reported another solid quarter, with year-over-year revenue growth of 4.5% and adjusted EPS growth of 9%. We expanded margins at an enterprise level and within LabCorp Diagnostics, an impressive accomplishment in light of lower demand. We also continued to augment our growth through the deployment of free cash flow to strategic acquisitions. It is our expectation that our strong free cash flow will also enable us to restart our long-standing program of returning capital to shareholders next year. We are steadfast and committed to improve health and improve lives around the globe, led by our focus on our three strategic priorities: delivering world-class diagnostic solutions, bringing innovative medicines to patients faster and developing technology-enabled solutions to change the way care is provided. I will now update you on our key activities during the quarter and our progress on each of these objectives. First, to be the world's leading provider of diagnostic solutions, we continue to expand our test menu, innovate in science and complement our robust capabilities for key acquisitions. In the third quarter, we completed the strategic acquisition of Sequenom, and our integration plans are on track. The addition of Sequenom positions us as the market leader in NIPT, women's health and reproductive genetics. We now offer patients and physicians one source for the most complete range of women's health diagnostics, simplifying the customer experience. Non-invasive prenatal testing is an exciting long-term growth opportunity that continues to gain traction with payers, as evidenced by increasing coverage for average-risk pregnancies. We also see increasing interest from providers, as evidenced by the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics updated physicians' statement, which recommends that providers inform all pregnant women that non-invasive prenatal screening is the most sensitive screening option for traditionally-screened aneuploidies. We are also investing in technology that increases patient and consumer engagement and creates a better experience at LabCorp. Our most recent initiatives include our real-time insurance eligibility capability, which was implemented nationally earlier this year and allows our personnel to determine whether a patient is insured at the time of service. This tool benefits our patients by helping them avoid unexpected coverage denials. In addition, we are testing enhancements to this capability in select locations to provide a pre-service disclosure to patients, itemizing their expected payment responsibility, which will benefit patients by reducing surprises in their bills. Both of these initiatives will also help us reduce bad debt. As part of our commitment to customer engagement, we also expect to launch our consumer-initiated lab test offering before year-end, giving consumers access to certain lab tests online in an expeditious, compliant and responsible manner. In addition, we expect to launch a mobile-optimized version of our patient portal in early 2017, which will improve the customer experience by enabling patient-friendly functionality, such as scheduling an appointment or paying a bill any time, anywhere, from any mobile device. Second, to bring innovative medicines to patients faster, we continue to enhance our data capabilities, develop differentiated solutions and expand our therapeutic expertise in critical areas of drug development. Last month, we announced the addition of John Ratliff as the CEO of Covance Drug Development. We are thrilled to have John join us, and he has already engaged the Covance team and many of our key clients. We're excited to have John's experience and vision to further enhance our ability to provide superior drug development services. John is deeply engaged in tactical actions of our clinical business as well as the development of the strategy for the entire Covance portfolio, and we look forward to his contributions to LabCorp in the year to come. Clients continue to be attracted to the insights extracted from our combined LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development data to optimize clinical trial recruitment. We are focused on effective daily utilization for enhanced patient identification, patient engagement, protocol feasibility and site selection to drive faster recruitment for our clients. Since the acquisition of Covance, our customers have awarded us a dozen studies based on the unique value of LabCorp's data and we continue to use our integrated data capabilities as a point of differentiation. We are committed to enhancing our therapeutic expertise with a particular focus on the growing areas of oncology and rare and orphan disease. Our combined scientific expertise and experience in these categories is substantial. For example, we worked on all 14 oncology drugs approved by the FDA last year and we are the only company to provide diagnostic support for all three immuno-oncology drugs approved to-date. In rare and orphan disease, we worked on 20 of the 21 FDA-approved drugs in 2015. Over 80% of rare diseases are genetically defined and we offer clients more than 480 tests in this category, as well as biomarker development, genetic sequencing, specialty testing and market access services, all of which create a clear differentiator for us in the marketplace. We are further strengthening our enterprise-wide sales force to target clients that will benefit from our scientific leadership in these important therapeutic categories. Our success in combining LabCorp and Covance scientific and operational expertise is particularly apparent in companion diagnostics. Our clients seek scientifically-driven, cost-effective options for companion diagnostic development, and we are delivering. We are currently supporting more than three dozen companion diagnostic programs, a third of which are proprietary programs where we are developing the companion diagnostic for the customer. We look forward to sharing the progress of these programs as they advance through the regulatory process. We continue to look at all technology platforms for companion diagnostic applications. For example, we are presently conducting studies on the MiSeqDx next-generation sequencing platform, analyzing the collection of genes that represent a potential CDX application. This work is being performed in our industry-leading Covance central lab genomics facility, which has broad experience in NGS technologies and applications and is a qualified sequencing provider for all leading platform manufacturers. Our market-leading central laboratory capabilities are generating revenue growth opportunities beyond companion diagnostics. For example, Covance's central lab is on pace to win new orders in 2016 that will translate into 150,000 tests for LabCorp's esoteric laboratory network, up from 18,000 tests last year. In one year, this would be a nearly tenfold increase in the number of complex tests awarded from Covance to LabCorp rather than to other laboratories as a result of our successful lab integration efforts. We also continue to enhance our central laboratory offering through integration with LabCorp's capabilities and complementary partnerships. Clinical trial investigators' enthusiasm for our enhanced offering is evident in the responses of more than 250 investigators worldwide provided in a recently published survey. Our central lab is rated the most preferred by 60% of surveyed investigators compared to 16% and 11% with the second and third-ranked labs respectively. This was a substantial increase from the 2013 survey, which was the most recent, using the same methodology where Covance was preferred by 47% of investigators compared to 23% for the next-ranked lab. Importantly, 98% of investigators stated that the pharma sponsor selection of a central laboratory impacts the investigators' willingness to work with that sponsor in the future. For our third objective, we are changing the way care is provided through the use of information and technology-enabled solutions such as BeaconLBS. The BeaconLBS UnitedHealthcare pilot in Florida has demonstrated positive results, including improved quality of care. Compliance with evidence-based guidelines when ordering lab tests has increased by nearly 50% since the initiation of BeaconLBS. The use of in-network labs is also increased, helping UnitedHealthcare members maximize their benefits coverage and reduce out-of-pocket costs. Following the successful pilot program in Florida, UnitedHealthcare recently announced the program will expand to Texas in 2017, a significant milestone for the BeaconLBS team. In addition, BeaconLBS will enhance the technology by the end of the year to incorporate molecular and genetic test decision support, an area of confusion for many providers and a driver of lab spend overall. Next year, we expect to introduce additional BeaconLBS functionality for health plans, physicians and consumers, including the potential use of the BeaconLBS platform for applications beyond lab testing such as support for HEDIS and Star ratings. BeaconLBS is an important component of our unique strategic relationship with UnitedHealthcare, and the decision to implement it in an additional market reflects our mutual commitment to the partnership. Although earnings and cash flow for this quarter are slightly below our aspirations, this is principally due to deliberate actions on our part. Those decisions include exiting certain accounts in diagnostics, acquiring Sequenom and entering into a strategic collaboration in our central labs business. In addition, our cash flow expectations were diminished by increased DSO in the Covance segment, which reflects a broader industry trend. Despite all of this, our earnings guidance is essentially unchanged, we will finish the year with record cash flow, and we remain excited about and confident in the long-term outcome look for our business. We remain sharply focused on executing our three foundational strategies. The progress we are making positions us as the go-to partner, bringing the critical solutions to address our customers' needs. Our progress on all of these initiatives furthers our mission to improve health and improve lives, something that every one of our 50,000 employees around the globe is committed to everyday. We look forward to updating you on our continued progress. Now, I will turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Thank you, Dave. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our third quarter results, followed by a discussion of our LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development segments and conclude with an update on our 2016 guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $2.4 billion, an increase of 4.5% over last year due to organic growth and acquisitions, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation of 50 basis points. Organic revenue growth in the quarter on a constant currency basis was 3.6%. Gross profit for the quarter was $788 million or 33.2% of revenue compared to $765 million or 33.7% last year. The increase in gross profit was due primarily to price, mix, acquisitions, our LaunchPad business process improvement initiative, and Covance cost synergies, partially offset by unusually high level of rework in the clinical business and personnel costs. The decline in gross margin was due to lower margins in Covance Drug Development. SG&A for the quarter was $400 million or 16.9% of revenue compared to $386 million or 17% last year. Special charges in the quarter were $16 million primarily related to the acquisition of Sequenom and our LaunchPad initiative compared to $5 million a year ago. Excluding special charges, SG&A in the quarter was $384 million or 16.2% of revenue compared to $381 million or 16.8% a year ago. We continue to leverage our SG&A expense well as evidenced by our 60 basis point improvement in the SG&A rate, which was primarily due to continued expense control including our LaunchPad and cost synergy initiatives. Excluding acquisitions, SG&A dollars would have been down from last year. During the quarter, we recorded $23 million of restructuring charges primarily due to the closure of redundant facilities and associated severance. These closures include our progress on consolidating our eight main central laboratory facilities to four facilities by the end of 2017 as part of the integration of Covance. Operating income for the quarter was $324 million or 13.7% of revenue compared to $308 million or 13.6% last year. Excluding amortization, restructuring and special items of $80 million, adjusted operating income was $404 million or 17% of revenue compared to $384 million or 16.9% last year. The increase in adjusted operating income and margin were primarily due to price, mix and our LaunchPad and cost synergy initiatives, partially offset by higher rework in the clinical business and personnel costs. Interest expense for the quarter was $58 million compared to $56 million in the third of 2015. The increase was due to a $6 million non-recurring expense for the early retirement of debt assumed as parts of the acquisition of Sequenom, partially offset by lower debt balances. The tax rate for the quarter was 31.7% compared to 38.4% last year. Excluding special charges and amortization, the adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 32.2%, down from 35.3% last year. Two accounting changes impacted the tax rate. First, the early adoption in the third quarter of the new FASB pronouncement relating to tax benefits of stock compensation lowered the GAAP and adjusted tax rates by 1%. And second, the reclassification this quarter of certain gross receipts taxes from income tax expense to SG&A expense lowered the GAAP and adjusted tax rate by 0.6%. This reclassification does not impact EPS and has been adjusted for prior periods. These two accounting changes resulted in a 1.6% improvement in our tax rate for the quarter. In addition, the reversal of expired tax reserves as well as geographic mix of earnings also contributed to the improvement over last year's tax rate. For the year, we expect our adjusted tax rate to be approximately 34%, which represents our prior expectation of 35.3%, less the impact from these two accounting changes. Net earnings for the quarter were $180 million or $1.71 per diluted share. Excluding amortization, restructuring and other special items, adjusted EPS were $2.25 in the quarter, up 9% over $2.07 last year. Our GAAP and adjusted results in the quarter included two special items  a benefit of $0.02 per diluted share from the adoption of new FASB pronouncement and a loss of $0.02 per diluted share from the impairment of an investment in our venture fund. In addition, the company incurred a loss of $0.01 per diluted share during the quarter from the acquisition of Sequenom; however, we continue to expect the acquisition to be accretive to results during our first year of ownership. During the quarter, operating cash flow was $250 million compared to $288 million last year. The decline was primarily due to fees associated with the acquisition of Sequenom and higher working capital requirements including an advanced payment we made as part of an exclusive strategic alliance for our central lab business. Capital expenditures totaled $66 million or 2.8% of revenue, down from $68 million or 3% last year. As a result, free cash flow was $184 million in the quarter compared to $220 million last year. At quarter end, our cash balance was $568 million, down from $640 at the end of the second quarter. Total debt was approximately $6.2 billion. During the quarter, we invested $253 million in acquisitions and assumed $130 million of Sequenom debt, which was retired in October. The company's leverage at quarter end was 3.3 times gross debt to last 12 months' pro forma EBITDA, unchanged from the second quarter. Now, I'll review our segment performance. Segment results exclude amortization, restructuring, special items and unallocated corporate expenses. Reconciliations of segment results to historically reported results are included in today's press release and the current Report filed today on Form 8-K. Now I'll review the performance of LabCorp Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $1.7 billion, an increase of 4.4% over last year. The increase in revenue was the result of price, mix and acquisitions partially offset by organic volume, measured by requisitions, and currency. Revenue per requisition increased 4.2% benefiting from price, mix and acquisitions. In addition, esoteric testing grew at a faster rate than core testing. Total volume increased 0.3%, with organic volume down 0.3% and acquisition volume up 0.6%. The decline in organic volume is explained by our decision to exit certain low-margin accounts and to discontinue relationships with third-party providers of customer-initiated testing. These decisions accounted for 70 basis points of organic volume decline. Also, as a reminder, we do not include requisitions generated by our hospital lab management agreements in our reported volumes due to the lack of similarity to our core business in terms of both testing frequency and revenue per requisition. LabCorp Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $342 million or 20.4% of revenue compared to $319 million or 19.9% last year. The increase in operating income and margin were primarily due to price, mix, our LaunchPad initiative and acquisitions, partially offset by personnel costs. We remain on track to achieve our LaunchPad savings of $150 million over the three-year period ending in 2017. Now I'll review the performance of Covance Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $701 million, an increase of 4.8% over last year. Excluding the impact from approximately 150 basis points of negative currency and the expiration of the Sanofi site support agreement, which annualizes at the end of October, revenue increased 9.5% over last year. The revenue growth was broad-based across our early development, clinical and central lab businesses. Adjusted operating income was $96 million or 13.6% of revenue compared to $97 million or 14.5% last year. The decline in operating income and margin were primarily due to the expiration of the Sanofi site support agreement, an unusually high level of rework in the clinical business, and personnel costs, including investments in CRAs and the sales force to support ongoing growth. This was partially offset by increased demand and cost synergies. We remain on track to deliver cost synergies of $100 million for the three-year period ending in 2017. Net orders during the quarter were $755 million, down 7% from last year, representing a net book-to-bill for the quarter of 1.08 and a trailing 12-month net book-to-bill of 1.14. Despite the lower than expected book-to-bill ratio, proposals are at a high level. Backlog at the end of quarter was $7.1 billion. Now I'll update our 2016 guidance, which assumes September 30 foreign exchange rates for the remainder of the year. We expect revenue growth of 10% to 11% after the impact from approximately 60 basis points of negative currency. This is an increase from our prior guidance of 9.5% to 10.5%, primarily due to the acquisition of Sequenom. We expect the LabCorp Diagnostics segment to grow 5% to 6% over 2015 after the impact from approximately 30 basis points of negative currency. This is an increase from our prior guidance of 4.5% to 5.5%, primarily due to the acquisition of Sequenom. We expect the Covance Drug Development segment to grow 7.5% to 9% over 2015 pro forma revenue after the impact from approximately 110 basis points of negative currency. This is an increase from our prior guidance of 7% to 9%. Excluding the impact from currency and the expiration of the Sanofi site support agreement, we expect net revenue to increase 11.2% to 12.7%. We expect adjusted EPS of $8.70 to $8.90, which implies a growth rate of 10% to 13% over 2015 versus our prior guidance of $8.60 to $8.95. Our adjusted EPS guidance now includes $0.05 per diluted share of special items consisting of an $0.11 benefit from the adoption of the new FASB pronouncement, $0.04 of dilution from the acquisition of Sequenom and a $0.02 impairment from an investment in our venture funds. Finally, we expect free cash flow for the year of $840 million to $880 million versus our prior guidance of $900 million to $950 million. This change in our guidance reflects the cash costs associated with the acquisition of Sequenom, an advanced payment we made as part of an exclusive strategic alliance for our central lab business, and an increase in DSOs in Covance Drug Development which reflects a broader industry trend. This concludes our formal remarks, and we'll be now happy to take questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Bill Bonello with Craig-Hallum. Your line is now open.
William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. A couple of follow-up questions. You talked about an unusually high level of rework at Covance during the quarter. Can you elaborate on that a bit? What is that, why does that happen, what do you to address it, et cetera?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: This is John Ratliff, Bill. And so when you look at specific clients, certain projects, in this case, we had a re-monitoring, additional queries and data management, additional workload and project management that was caused by specific areas. And it all comes down to really process and process improvements at the end of the day and enabling price to be gotten for that rework. So when you look at it, very specific clients, very specific projects and a number of different areas that we believe we can improve on in the upcoming quarter.
William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then just separately, you talked about deliberate actions that impacted some of results this quarter, particularly on the lab side moving away from customers, moving away from the consumer initiatives. Can you just talk about why now, what prompted those decisions? That's all.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure, Bill. It's Dave. Good morning. So as we've said, we intend to launch our own consumer-enabled testing service this year, and part of the preparation for that is to discontinue relationships with the existing third-parties that are essentially using our brand and our capabilities to provide consumer-initiated testing. So, that was the first part. The second part in terms of the low-margin accounts was, every year we look at profitability by account. We look at return by account, we look at trends by account and we had several accounts where we felt that the demands that were being placed on us in terms of workloads and service were significantly above what we felt was the level of return we were getting and so we made the decision to exit those. It's not particular timing in any quarter, it's just part of an organized annual review that we do and so as Glenn said, the combination there accounted for about 70 basis points of volume that we decided we were not going to continue with.
William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Okay. That's helpful. I'll hop back in the queue. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Dave, I just want to follow up on that point. If we think about that 70 basis points of volume, if we added that back, it still looks like volume is below where it was trending the last few quarters. Can you maybe talk about what you're seeing in the market and I'm just curious around especially high-deductible health plans? Are they having an impact on what you're seeing from quarter to quarter around volumes and would you expect that to pick up in the fourth quarter because of people meeting deductibles?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Lisa, good morning. So if we look at the quarters sequentially this year, we did have the benefit in the second quarter of Easter actually having fallen in the first quarter. So, that gave us  again from sequential trends, gave us the boost in the second quarter of that that probably was equal to 40 basis points or 50 basis points. So normalizing for that, we would see going from 1 basis point in 2Q to a net of about 50 basis points in 3Q, which certainly is  it's a downward trend, but it also reflects some seasonality, summer vacation. Now, all that said, we still aspire to do better in term of volume growth, but to your specific question, yes, high-deductible plans have an impact. Physician visits have an impact. We saw in the IMS data the trend is, physician office visits year-over-year were down 5% in the second quarter, but they were down 10% in the third quarter. Obviously, that has an impact on demand, so it's a combination of factors. People do get through their deductibles as you go into the fourth quarter, which is encouraging. But I think there is also a lot of uncertainty, and as everybody is reading about the Affordable Care Act plans, there is a lot of pressure on premium cost, there's a lot of pressure on coverage, there's a lot of pressure on providers withdrawing from the plans, withdrawing from the markets. So I wouldn't necessarily say that we have clarity in terms of what's going to happen with fourth quarter volumes aside from what the historical experience has been.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And just to that point, when we think about the Affordable Care Act, I think a little over a year ago, you said we saw some benefit, but now we're through that. If we really see because of the rise in premiums that people don't sign up going into next year, could that be a headwind as we go into next year or is there just really not enough to move the needle?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, a couple of things. A lot of the volume benefit we gained from the Affordable Care Act was through Medicaid expansion, so that volume has been pretty persistent since the ACA passed and we didn't see kind of a one-time engagement. On the other hand, what comes through the exchanges, unless there is a fix of some sort to premium increases and plan withdrawals from markets, there certainly is the possibility that you'll have fewer people enrolled in the exchanges next year and that would potentially have an impact on 2017 in terms of a challenge for volume growth.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open?
Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, Dave. I guess if I look at your cost cutting program, the pricing trends seem stable if not improving a little bit. I guess I look at your calling out some of lower end accounts, it would just seem to me you're in a better position to do more business with those accounts and still earn a margin based on some of your internal improvement, so how is it possible there are still accounts that are just grinding you lower with the improvement we've seen you make to-date?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, Bob, we always have customers who want more service for less price, and particularly in situations where these are not customers or there is third-party reimbursement involved or they're a direct customers, we have to make decisions at some point that we're not interested in the business at the price that's being demanded or the return that's being offered. So there are always going to be customers who are asking more than what we feel that we can provide being responsible to our investors and our employees. And this quarter, there were a couple of more sizeable ones that obviously had an impact on our reported volumes.
Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And even with the offsets you're able to generate internally, these guys are still going well below that. I mean where do they get their service then?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, I don't know where they get their service, but they're not getting it from us any further. And look, I mean, yes, there are always customers who for whatever reason expect that they're going to be provided rates that we feel are not appropriate.
Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Sorry, I hate to beat this over the head, but just looking for a little bit more detail in the lab trends. Was the consumer testing the bigger piece of the 70 bps? And I'm just trying to gauge how we should be modeling this next few quarters. When did it occur in the quarter? Did it actually build a little bit into the fourth quarter? And then a third piece to that just with pricing and Sequenom, how much did that add to the rev per req in the quarter?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, I'm going to start with your question about the consumer, and the answer is that the consumer was slightly smaller, I would say, than the accounts that we chose to discontinue service to. In terms of Sequenom and the contribution to revenue per requisition, we don't typically break out the moving parts like that, Jack. So I would just say it was not a huge contributor to revenue per requisition in part because we didn't have it for the full quarter.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe just taking a step back, I think there's a few more moving parts than we've grown accustomed to, but overall the results were good and good to see the guidance moving the right way. Could you just help us with visibility into 2017 earnings? Any puts and takes at this point that we should be thinking about relative to where The Street consensus is today?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I think it's too early, particularly in the sum of the items that have already been highlighted in the call around coverage, exchanges, ACA premiums. I think it's too early to really have a particularly clear view, Jack. We'll give our guidance as we traditionally do in February with the fourth quarter call. And at that time, we'll be in a position to articulate not only what the guidance is, but sort of what's the underlying rationale behind the guidance.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Aurko Joshi - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Aurko in for Amanda. I was wondering if you could perhaps walk us through a bit of the trajectory that you expect from the Sequenom acquisition in terms of not just the revenue per req, but also how you expect it to change its margin profile over time?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Okay. It's Dave. Good morning. So obviously over time, we do not expect Sequenom to be dilutive. We have said that very clearly, and within the first year of ownership, we expect it to be accretive. In terms of how that happens, obviously there are some redundant public company costs, but I want to be clear that it's our intention to keep that laboratory in San Diego open and to actually send more NIPT volume through that laboratory because of its licensure and because of some of the tools that they've developed. At the same time, we know that we can bring some efficiencies to the laboratory just in terms of automation and other tools that we have developed because of our size. So, that's sort of on the expense side. On the revenue side, we highlighted broader payer acceptance with average-risk pregnancies. We highlighted the American College of Genetics and Genomics physician statement saying this was the most sensitive screening method. I would also highlight to you this is  Sequenom provides us with a platform that we can continue to expand and offer more testing, and Sequenom rounds out our women's health and reproductive genetics portfolio, so I think there's a very attractive opportunity for top line growth as well as the ability to reduce the expense base, and I would expect Sequenom certainly to be equal to or better than overall company margin by the end of the first year of ownership.
Aurko Joshi - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks. That's helpful and then in term of capital deployment there, is it similar to kinds of targets that we should start to think about in terms of opportunities or was this specific to women's health kind of acquisition?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, we've always said capital deployment was  traditionally we've thought about pre Covance  half to acquisitions, half return to shareholders. That continues to be our overall philosophy. We've talked about a 2.5 times target leverage ratio. We've been clear that that is a target. It is not a commandment written on stone and we're going to be flexible about it in the market depending on conditions. And I think the biggest thing to be clear about is that it is our expectation based on as we look at 2017 that we will be able to then return capital to shareholders as part of our use of cash next year.
Aurko Joshi - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Your line is now open.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Good morning. Still a little bit confusion around the rework on the CRO side. Just hoping to get a little more clarity on that. Did you say it was one client and one project related. And you talked about re-monitoring and process improvement. So did the client come back to you and basically rework on something that you had done that maybe wasn't done correctly and you had to eat the cost for that? Just trying to basically get a better handle. And then maybe if there's a dollar amount that we can think about. Is this somewhat of a one-time in nature issue? And does it have any impact, do you think, on the relationship with the client going forward? Thank you.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: It's specific clients, so it's not just one. But if you look at the number of projects and you look at the number of clients involved, it's not bigger than a bread box. So it's something you can attack in terms of  it is, to give you at least a little bit on indication, it's unusually high this quarter. It does get into specific re-monitoring at the end of a trial. It gets into specific data management queries for a trial and additional workload in order to push to the end of that trial. As to the customer satisfaction side, it's interesting in a lot of those cases you are doing the work at the clients' demand. And they get better satisfaction from the finishing of that trial at that requested timeframe, but there's a lot of handholding at the end of the trials and so you're trying to basically meet the deadlines. In this case, the revenue generation from that workload was not in line with the amount of workload that you gave and, thus, the inefficiency that has shown up in the margin itself.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: And, Ralph, it's Dave. I just agree with everything John said and would just comment in addition that a couple of these were sizable customers of the clinical business. They're not walking away from the business. We obviously are helping them work through these issues and have every expectation that we'll move forward with a strong relationship with them.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. Any dollar amount, though, that we can think about in terms of what the impact was?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: No. I don't think there's any way that we can break out specific dollars for you.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: We gave you the margin in total in terms of the business, and there's other areas of that margin deterioration. And whether it's increased CRA in terms of the business and the solid growth that's there, or whether it's the sales force increase due to the fact that you're attempting to increase the book-to-bills, there are other impacts in that margin deterioration, but it shows the proactiveness of the business in terms of trying to increase performance.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. So you mentioned in the press release that the year-over-year decline in the operating income in Covance, it was due primarily to the expiration of the Sanofi contract. The good news is you'll anniversary the roll-off on October 31. But I guess in spite of the comments you just made on the rework of a clinical business within that segment, it seems unlikely that we would see another quarter of down operating income in that segment for the fourth quarter and beyond. At least I'm hoping anyway. So I'm just curious if you can give any more color on just confirming that the anniversary of the Sanofi piece should help the EBIT turn back positive year-over-year from here. Thanks.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Steven, this is Glenn. I guess, as you know, we don't guide to segment margins, but we can give you the clarification in your comment. We annualized the Sanofi contract in October. So there's just, call it, one month in that period that that would be a headwind relative to the overall margins. The other thing we would say is that, as we progress, again, you look at the performance relative to last year, we had a very strong quarter in the fourth quarter last year. But we do expect to see improved performance with that less headwind, so you would expect to see improved results as we move forward through this year.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. And just quickly, just curious with some of the changes in leadership for Covance, are there any just preliminary thoughts on any strategy shifts that we could potentially see over the next year or two with the change in leadership? Thanks.
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: This is John. And I think if you looked at my top priorities, there'd be like four. One is to clearly drive more and more value to LabCorp-Covance combination, and whether that's through the data from LabCorp within the therapeutic expertise area as an example oncology, or whether it's delivering unique solutions as an example in the companion diagnostics. That would be one. Number two is really regaining the leadership and the profitable growth in the clinical development, and that's expansion on the therapeutic areas, expanding the geographic and sales presence as well as focusing on some of the process improvements that are needed. We got a great franchise and strong momentum in the central labs in early development, likely use those market-leading assets as more of a differentiator for clinical. And then finally, as you would expect, it's really focused on the strategy itself, where are you going to compete, how you're going to compete, and differentiating yourself. So a lot of the time, my time in these initial three weeks, now in the fourth week, has been with customers, with our employees, and with our senior leadership. So, give you at least a little bit of the indications of the priorities that I am now taking.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: So, guys, it's 10 minutes before the hour and we still have 11 questions or people in the queue who'd like to ask a question. So I really encourage you to ask one question, and I'm also going to encourage you not to ask questions that we have already addressed, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey. Thanks. Maybe just a quick one for Glenn. Can you give any more color on the central lab consolidations, where you are on that initiative, in any way to frame up the savings you've realized or what you expect to realize over time? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Yeah, this is John. And well on our way, we're consolidating from eight facilities to four facilities and the consolidations will be completed in 2017  by the end of 2017. So we've already done two of those main consolidations and have the actions or are in process on the other two.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Just with that, as we said on the synergies and the integration, towards the latter part of this year and most of next year would be the final pieces of the cost reduction initiative, which the central lab consolidation will be the biggest piece of that and we're on track.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's fair. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Jansen with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. I just wanted to highlight the BeaconLBS opportunity in Texas. I know you talked about a little bit in the prepared remarks, but just wanted to kind of remind us, how much that benefited you guys in Florida? Is Florida and Texas a similar sized state for you? Just any sort of color as we think about that ramping as a good guide to growth acceleration on volumes in 2017 and 2018? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning. It's Dave. So we don't count BeaconLBS toward volume. It shows up in revenue and it was a nice contributor to 2016 revenue, the Florida piece. My recollection  Glenn's looking up the number, my recollection is that the run rate was probably in the...
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: For the full year -
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: About $80 million. Yeah, $80 million top-line revenue. Now, remember, the profitability of that, because a lot of this pass-through is below company margins, but when implemented in Texas in 2017 for the portion of the year that it's implemented, it will certainly contribute to top-line revenue. And we've seen the business achieve better profitability over the course of the Florida pilot, partly because of enhancement, partly because of the MR integrations. And so as we continue to enhance it with new capabilities, we feel that it will continue to be more beneficial to the bottom line and also give us the opportunity to expand to more markets.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you. I'll leave it at that.
Operator: And our next question come from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Luke Sergott - Evercore Group LLC: Hey, guys. It's Luke on for Ross. I guess on the Covance side and talking about the bookings, can you guys talk about the specific demand dynamics you were seeing from small biotech to your larger strategics, and across the two businesses, the early development and the clinical business?
John D. Ratliff - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. This is John again. We don't break out the bookings by segment, but I'll try to give you a little bit of color. In terms of the biotech side, we actually have seen strength out of the biotech. If you look at our early development areas, very strong in a very stable pricing to even increasing pricing activities. When I look at biotechs across the portfolio, you can look at this, I know people are focused on the biotech spend rates, et cetera. We see that pretty stable, especially based on the NMEs in the past. And then what's that's looking to the future as well as we're probably oriented to the top 50. Over 80% is in that top 50. I look at that as also an opportunity on the other side to get more and more share of that biotech side. When you look across the portfolio and the performance there, the early development and central labs had and continue their strong momentum. And then finally on the clinical side, we got more work to do and while potentially weaker than the other two areas, we do see impressive actual proposals right now, and now we need to go off and win those.
Luke Sergott - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks. So two quick ones. On the exiting unprofitable accounts, will there be a sequential impact in 4Q volume from that? And then secondly, Dave, you talked about ongoing improvements to the recruitment efforts and the combined LabCorp into Covance. I know you guys are working on a few pieces of that to streamline it for the patients. Any update there? Thanks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, Bill. So you can assume that the accounts that we walked away from, that until they annualize, that that will continue to be a drag on organic volume, so you'll see it continue through 4Q. And in terms of patient recruitment, I mean we are continuing to work to broaden the database to refine our ability to interrogate the database. We continue to sign patients up through the patient portals who are volunteering to be re-contacted. We actually had a situation recently where we went back and re-contacted them. And although we did not find any patients who fit for the study criteria because the study criteria was very, very tight, nonetheless of the patients who we re-contacted, there was, I think, all but two or three of the email addresses will continue to be valid that they had given us. So 98%, 99% of the email addresses continue to be valid. And the patients expressed appreciation that they've been contacted even though they didn't fit the study criteria. So we're just going to keep getting better at this and it's going to keep differentiating us from what our competitors can do.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. So two follow-up questions here. First of all, in BeaconLBS, Dave, when we step back and you think about Beacon as a strategic asset, your contract with United is coming up, I think, at the end of 2018. Does this Beacon help improve stickiness with United and is there an expansion plan, right? So you had Florida, Texas is next. Is there a plan to expand to other states?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Good morning, Ricky. So, yes, I think Beacon is an important component of the strategic relationship with United. It's a tool that we invented basically to address what we perceived to be a need in the marketplace for two things  better decision support around selection of high-value testing as well as better ability for payers to manage the trend in high-value testing, and so the fact that United has made the decision that they want to expand to another market, the fact that we're developing capabilities from molecular testing and want to develop capabilities, they enhance not only test selection but also they're using the platform for HEDIS and Star ratings. I think these are all things, and obviously with the support of United, I think these are all things that speak to the importance of this tool and the value that's placed on in the relationship, and yes, obviously once we do the Texas implementation, we'll be looking to expand to other markets as well.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then on the book-to-bill, again it is the lowest in the last two years. When do you expect to return to more for historical levels. I understand that there are a lot of RFPs out there, but based on this book-to-bill, it doesn't seem that you're winning it. So again, is this kind of like a one-time quarter phenomena, and next quarter we're back to more of a steady state or is there something that you think you need to address internally?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Ricky, I think obviously it's very hard to guide to book-to-bill, so what I would say is remember that our trailing 12-month book-to-bill is still 1.14, which is quite healthy. Second of all, the book-to-bill is a combination of three businesses. And so the book-to-bill rates were different in different parts of the business. Obviously, we want to do better in clinical wins. And as John mentioned, that's a critical part of the strategy. But I can't give you a prediction on  as you've seen, there's fluctuation from quarter to quarter, and it's stronger in one quarter than in the next. And we're going to be working to improve it.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of R. J. Rice (sic) [A. J. Rice] (1:00:43) with UBS. Your line is now open.
A. J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Hello, everyone. It's A. J. Rice actually. Anyway, on the other aspect of the deal that was signed with United Optum was, you're leading competitor told me a lot about getting some enhanced help on the revenue cycle management. I want to throw out and see what your thoughts about there? Is there any opportunities to LabCorp to perhaps look at something that might help you there? And then just a real quick follow-up on the comment in the prepared remarks about deploying capital next year, getting back on track with the returning capital to shareholders. Is the idea that you think after the first year you'll be back to that 50-50 or is that something that will happen more gradually over the course of next year?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: So I'll take the second one first. I mean I think the idea and obviously it's  we're still framing it as we look at what we're going to have next year and what's on our targeted list, but the idea is that we would resume the 50-50 split fairly quickly. It's not kind of a we'll start a little bit and dribble about, it's we're going to return capital to shareholders and we're going to think about it in the way we historically have. In terms of the outsourcing of the revenue cycle management, obviously we have a lot of respect for the people at Optum. They do terrific work. We have been investing in our revenue cycle management capabilities literally since 1997, 1998, when we started consolidating billing systems and standardizing. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, I think a lot of the things that have been referenced as potential opportunities between our competitor and Optum, we're already doing  we're already doing real-time eligibility verification. We're already doing transparency to patient on what they're going to pay. We're already doing collections at the point of service. So we're going to continue to  and we use some outside tools for that, make no mistake. It's not kind of everything has to be invented here syndrome. But  so we'll continue to look at what people can bring to complement our capabilities, but fundamentally I just want to be clear that we view that direct engagement and relationship with the patient as a very important part of our business. And so we're not going to be of a mind that we should turn that over to anyone else to manage for us. We're always looking for tools that enhance our capabilities, but that's a core competency, and as we've said over and over again, consumer engagement and that relationship with the consumer for both the LabCorp and the Covance business brings us a tremendous amount of value.
A. J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, guys. Thank you. Wanted to talk a little bit about capital allocation. Dave, you mentioned in the call here a couple of times the focus on returning cash to shareholders in 2017. At the same time, you guys have been active in the last couple of year with M&A. So could you maybe help frame for us the extent to which there is additional M&A still on the radar here? I know it's probably unfair to never say never, but curious if it's a reasonable assumption that larger M&A is unlikely next year?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: I just think it's difficult, Isaac, given all of the changes in the marketplace and all of the fairly dramatic things that are going on in both businesses to rule anything out or rule anything in. So it's our intention to return capital to shareholders. It's our intention to be active in M&A and I don't really think we have anymore to say about it.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understand. I know that's not an easy question. One follow-up, and I'm sorry to belabor it, the book-to-bill dynamic in Covance, can you just maybe frame for us a little bit because you said that parts of the business were stronger than others. Was there any area where book-to-bill was below 1 time and I appreciate that of course all of this is sort of difficult to handicap quarter-to-quarter, but just want to get a sense of the magnitude of pressure that we might be seeing at least in 3Q?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: We're not going to break out book-to-bill by business. We report by segment. We don't report by individual business. And I think we've said what we can say about it, which is there were some parts that were strong, there were some parts that were not so strong and our aspiration is always to do better.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo. Your line is new open.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. The two reasons you gave for the reduction in the free cash flow guidance was the industry increase in DSOs at Covance and then a strategic payment at the central lab. Was one of those materially bigger than the other and can you give us some more color into the increase in the DSOs because it doesn't look like that was something that you were expecting.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. Gary, this is Glenn. I mean just as a proxy, it's fair to say that they're all in the same ballpark of numbers, and again as we said, we made the strategic investment on the Sequenom side and obviously a little bit dilutive in the first year, plus the fees associated with it, the strategic investment in the global specimen solutions business as well. But with regard to the DSOs, we have seen a pickup, if you will, in the DSOs with customers looking to push out terms, looking to push out milestones for collection. We had expected that we would see that improve as the year unfolded, which we have not yet and that's why we've adjusted our guidance to reflect that. What we can tell you is that there are significant programs underway within the business to continue to drive an improvement in our DSOs, and we would expect that to improve over time, but this year, given the pressures and given what we've seen, we're not going to see that improvement that we had expected.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Your line is now open.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Sorry. Just a quick follow-up. Just I guess any updated thoughts on PAMA and the OIG report that suggested perhaps rates would go up for certain codes and maybe even the pushback from the government sort of on that front. Just general thoughts there would be helpful. Thanks, Dave?
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Sure. Well, obviously the study is underway. We received some sub-regulatory guidance on this. Data reporting quite frankly has some inconsistencies with the rule and some gaps. And ACLA and others have advised CMS of some of the things that we view as being inconsistent with the rule. There was the OIG report indicating as we and the industry all knew that there were some codes that were being paid below the amounts that Medicare had set and so there would be some increases there. If anything, I would say the clarity is fuzzier than it was before in terms of how the data is going to be collected, who it's going to be submitted from, how it's going to be analyzed, and what the puts and takes will be. So we're going to continue to work collaboratively with CMS. In fairness, they've been quite open to hearing about our concerns and we'll update you when we have good solid information about what we think the impact of PAMA will be on us.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Dave King for any closing remarks.
David P. King - Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings: Well, we'd like to thank you for joining us on our third quarter earnings call today. We look forward to speaking to you again with our fourth quarter call and our guidance in February, and wish you good day. Good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Surdez - Vice President-Investor Relations David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Glenn A. Eisenberg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Deborah L. Keller - Chief Executive Officer-Covance Drug Development, Covance, Inc.
Analysts: Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC Lisa Christine Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co. Ryan Halsted - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Laboratory Corporation of America Second Quarter 2016 Holdings Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Paul Surdez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please begin.
Paul Surdez - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning and welcome to LabCorp's second quarter 2016 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Deborah Keller, CEO of Covance Drug Development. In addition to our press release, we also filed a Form 8-K this morning that includes additional financial information. Both are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com and include a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. Finally, we're making forward-looking statements during today's call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2015 10K. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Paul, and good morning everyone. It's an exciting day at LabCorp today as we continue to establish ourselves as the world's leading health care diagnostics company. Operationally, we reported another strong quarter, led by organic growth in LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development. We delivered year-over-year revenue growth of 7%, continued margin expansion, and another quarter of double-digit adjusted EPS growth. Our continued business momentum is attributable to our commitment to improve health and improve lives around the globe, driven by our focus on our three strategic priorities: Delivering world class diagnostic solutions, bringing innovative medicines to patients faster, and using information to change the way care is provided. I'll now update you on our key activities during the quarter, and our progress on each of these objectives. First to be the world's leading provider of diagnostic solutions we continue to expand our test menu, innovate in science, and complement our internal efforts with strategic acquisitions. This morning is exciting, as I said, because we announced another important acquisition. We will acquire Sequenom, a market leader in non-invasive prenatal testing and reproductive health. Sequenom is the first company to offer a clinically validated non-invasive prenatal test, and the more than 500,000 tests that it has performed to-date give it the largest clinical evidence base in the industry. This is a highly strategic acquisition, as Sequenom's best-in-class offerings and strong R&D pipeline perfectly complement LabCorp's extensive women's health test menu. We will now offer patients and physicians one source for the full range of women's health reproductive genetics and NIPT testing. Furthermore Sequenom expands our geographic reach, both domestically with New York licensure and internationally through licensing and commercial partnerships with emphasis on the European Union and the Asia-Pacific region. The transaction also meets our financial criteria, making it, as I said, an important and highly strategic transaction. I note that the acquisition of Sequenom is much like our strategic decision to acquire LipoScience and its unique NMR LipoProfile test 18 months ago, which has translated into strong and consistent organic growth. As we expected, our reach in customer relationships, coupled with the test's strong clinical evidence and numerous expert society recommendations has established us as the leading diagnostic laboratory for comprehensive cardiovascular testing and risk assessment. We also continue to focus on extending our core testing capabilities beyond the traditional health care setting. For example, our Bode Cellmark Forensics business is the leader in high quality forensic DNA testing solutions, helping law enforcement agencies solve crimes across the globe. Bode Cellmark is one of two labs partnering with law enforcement across the U.S. to process a significant backlog of sexual assault evidence kits, aiding in solving open criminal cases. In addition, we continue to capitalize on our global footprint and our chemistry and microbiology expertise to provide the highest quality testing and rapid turn-around time to a growing number of food safety customers. We will next build on our track record of scientific innovation into food safety through commercialization of new technologies that enable faster pathogen detection, and expect to drive growth through acquisitions that increase our scale in this growing and fragmented market. Second, to bring innovative medicines to patients faster, we continue to enhance our data capabilities, develop innovative solutions and expand our therapeutic expertise in critical areas of drug development. Data are an essential ingredient to improve patient recruitment and study startup. We have access to unique data generated from each of our business segments. LabCorp Diagnostics provides a growing proprietary database of patient-specific information, including demographics, lab values, and diagnosis codes. Covance Drug Development has a growing base of insights into global investigator and site performance obtained through our central laboratory network and clinical trial experience. We're uniquely able to link this data to individual patients and sites, empowering patients to be more directly engaged with their own health care, helping enrich our clinical trial proposals, and speeding patient recruitment. In addition, our unique solutions offer clients their choice of our end to end services offering, fostering deeper customer relationships, and expanded opportunities to grow our business. For example, our companion diagnostics franchise continues to lead the industry, as evidenced by important new tests launched during the quarter. We were the only national laboratory to introduce the Roche cobas EGFR Mutation Test v2 for non-small cell lung cancer patients, the first blood based liquid biopsy test cleared by FDA for clinical use. We also extended our leadership in immuno-oncology through the commercial launch of a complementary PDL1 diagnostic test for bladder cancer, our third PDL1 launch and fourth PDL1 indication in the past year. Our world class companion diagnostic capabilities offer our customers unmatched end to end development and commercialization expertise. Tying together all of our Drug Development growth initiatives, we focus on key therapeutic areas such as genetics, rare and orphan diseases, oncology and infectious disease. These strategic focus areas combine the best capabilities of both organizations to improve health and improve lives. All of our Drug Development businesses performed well during the quarter. We saw strong revenue growth in clinical, early development, and central labs. Customers have consistently awarded us new orders since the acquisition, as they appreciate the benefits of our end to end offering and expanded capabilities. For our third objective, we are changing the way care is delivered through the use of information and technology enabled solutions. In Diagnostics, we are expanding our menu of decision support tools and integrated content to assist payers, physicians, health systems, and patients in better understanding and managing disease. Beacon LBS is now entering its second year and we expect it to grow as we add new markets and capabilities to the platform. In Drug Development, we are enhancing Covance's Xcellerate suite of services to enable faster patient enrollment, more efficient site monitoring and improved study planning. Xcellerate monitoring has been successfully implemented as the exclusive central monitoring portfolio for one of our larger partners worldwide clinical trials portfolio, and is being used by over a dozen other clients. In closing, we continue to invest in assets, people, and capabilities that will drive profitable growth, unlock the value of our growing organization, and further our mission to improve health and improve lives around the globe. I want to specifically compliment both the Sequenom and the LabCorp acquisition teams for the extraordinary efforts that have led to today's announcement. The teams worked tirelessly to get us to the finish line in this important and highly strategic deal. I continue to be enormously proud of the work of all of my 50,000 colleagues, and I thank them for the direct, positive impact they have on millions of lives every day. Now I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Dave. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our second quarter results, followed by a discussion of our LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development segments and conclude with an update on our 2016 guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $2.4 billion, an increase of 7.4% over last year, primarily due to strong organic growth in both segments and tuck-in acquisitions, partially offset by currency. Organic revenue growth in the quarter on a constant currency basis was 6.4%. Gross profit for the quarter was $827 million or 34.7% of revenue compared to $773 million or 34.8% last year. The increase in gross profit was due primarily to strong revenue growth, partially offset by personnel costs. The decline in gross margin was due to the mix impact from faster growth in Covance Drug Development, which has a lower gross margin than the company's average. Excluding the mix impact, gross margin would have improved 10 basis points. SG&A for the quarter was $408 million, or 17.1% of revenue, compared to $391 million, or 17.6% last year. Special charges in the quarter were $8 million, primarily related to the integration of Covance, and our LaunchPad initiative compared to $9 million a year ago. Excluding special charges, SG&A in the quarter was $400 million or 16.8% of revenue compared to $382 million, or 17.2%. The increase in adjusted SG&A was primarily due to acquisitions and personnel costs. The improvement in the SG&A rate was due to continued expense control and the mix impact from faster growth in Covance Drug Development, which has a lower SG&A rate than the company's average. Excluding the mix impact, the SG&A rate would have improved 20 basis points. During the quarter, we recorded $7 million of restructuring charges, primarily relating to severance and the closure of redundant facilities. Amortization expense for the quarter was $45 million, consistent with last year. Operating income for the quarter was $367 million, or 15.4% of revenue, compared to $323 million, or 14.6% last year. Excluding amortization, restructuring and special items of $60 million, adjusted operating income was $427 million, or 17.9% of revenue, compared to $391 million, or 17.6% last year. The increase in adjusted operating income and margin was primarily due to strong revenue growth, partially offset by personnel costs. Interest expense for the quarter was $54 million, compared to $58 million in the second quarter of 2015. The decrease was due to lower debt balances, which included repayment of $339 million of debt during the quarter. The tax rate for the quarter was 36.6%, compared to 36.1% last year, excluding special charges and amortization, the adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 35.7%, the same as last year. We continue to expect our 2016 full-year adjusted tax rate to be 35.3%. Net earnings for the quarter were $198 million, or $1.91 per diluted share. Excluding amortization, restructuring and other special items, adjusted EPS were $2.31 in the quarter, up 11% from $2.09 last year. During the quarter, operating cash flow was $344 million, compared to $397 million last year. The decline was primarily due to the timing of income taxes paid last year. Capital expenditures totaled $67 million, or 2.8% of revenue, down from $69 million, or 3.1% last year. As a result, free cash flow was $277 million in the quarter, compared to $328 million last year. We continue to expect free cash flow to be between $900 million and $950 million for the full year. At quarter end our cash balance was $640 million, down from $696 million at the end of the first quarter. Total debt was approximately $6.1 billion. During the quarter, we invested $51 million in acquisitions, and paid down $339 million of debt, reducing the company's leverage to 3.3 times gross debt to last 12 months pro forma EBITDA. Now I'll review our segment performance. Segment results exclude amortization, restructuring, special items, and unallocated corporate expenses, reconciliations of segment results to historically reported results, are included in today's press release and the current report filed today on form 8K. Now I'll review the performance of LabCorp Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $1.7 billion, an increase of 5.4% over last year. The increase in revenue was the result of organic volume growth measured by requisitions, price mix and tuck-in acquisitions partially offset by currency. The revenue increase includes unfavorable currency translation of 0.3%. Revenue per requisition increased 3.5%, benefiting from price mix and tuck-in acquisitions. In addition, esoteric testing grew at a faster rate than core testing. Total volume increased by 2.1%, of which organic volume was 1.2%, and acquisition volume was 0.9%. LabCorp Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $357 million or 21.5% of revenue compared to $337 million or 21.4% last year. The increase in operating income and margin was primarily due to price, mix, organic volume, tuck-in acquisitions, and our LaunchPad initiative, which was partially offset by personnel costs. We remain on track to achieve our LaunchPad savings of $150 million over the three-year period ending in 2017. Now I'll review the performance of Covance Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $722 million, an increase of 12.2% over last year. Excluding the impact from approximately 70 basis points of negative currency, and the expiration of the Sanofi site support agreement, revenue increased 16.4% over last year. The strong revenue growth was broad based across our early development, clinical, and central lab businesses. Adjusted operating income was $108 million, or 14.9% of revenue, compared to $90 million or 14% last year. The increase in operating income and margin was primarily due to strong revenue growth and cost synergies which was partially offset by the expiration of the Sanofi site support agreement and personnel costs. We remain on track to deliver cost synergies of $100 million for the three-year period ending 2017. Net orders during the quarter were $818 million, up 11% over last year, representing a net book-to-bill for the quarter of 1.13, and a trailing 12-month net book-to-bill of 1.17. Backlog at the end of the quarter was $7.1 billion. Now I'll update our 2016 guidance, which assumes June 30th foreign exchange rates for the remainder of the year, in addition our guidance excludes the impact from the acquisition of Sequenom which we expect to close by year-end. We expect revenue growth of 9.5% to 10.5% after the impact from approximately 50 basis points of negative currency. This is an increase from our prior guidance of 8.5% to 10.5%. We expect the LabCorp Diagnostics segment to grow 4.5% to 5.5% over 2015, after the impact from approximately 10 basis points of negative currency. This is an increase from our prior guidance of 4% to 5.5%. We expect the Covance Drug Development segment to grow 7% to 9% over 2015 pro forma revenue, after the impact from approximately 110 basis points of negative currency. This is an increase from our prior guidance of 6% to 9%, due to strong organic growth, partially offset by a 50 basis point unfavorable change in currency. Excluding the impact from currency, and the expiration of the Sanofi site support agreement, we expect net revenue to increase 11% to 13%. We expect adjusted EPS of $8.60 to $8.95, which implies a growth rate of 9% to 13% over 2015, and is an increase from our prior guidance of $8.55 to $8.95. As a reminder, our adjusted EPS guidance includes an increase in our share count due to stock compensation and option exercises but does not include any share repurchases. Finally, we continue to expect record free cash flow for the year of $900 million to $950 million. This concludes our formal remarks, and we will now take questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Yes, sir. The first question is from Robert Willoughby of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, Dave and Glenn, it looks like with EPS guidance what's the gating factor to raising the cash flow guidance? And then maybe on the Sequenom deal it hasn't really worked as a public equity. Can you review what some of the challenges have been and what you can do to reverse some operating losses there?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, this is Glenn. I'll take the first part and Dave can do the other. With regard to the cash flows, as we look to the guidance and to your point we did increase the midpoint for the revenue and the earnings guidance that we provided. We elected to hold the cash flow guidance where it was again at record levels. Given that, from a cash standpoint, we generate the majority of our free cash flow in the second half of the year, so from our perspective we decided to wait till the third quarter is completed, when there's one quarter left in which case we'd look to modify that cash guidance, as well.
Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay.
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And, Robert, it's Dave. So, I think the major challenges for Sequenom as a stand-alone entity have been  have related to breadth of test menu and scale. I think under Dirk van den Boom's leadership in the last nine months, Sequenom has made significant improvements in technology and operations. But the reality is, there still is a need for the comprehensive women's health portfolio. There still is a need for broader reach into the OB/GYN offers. There's a need for reach in terms of convenience of being able to order NIPT testing on one requisition form, with the same orders as other women's health-related testing, so I think from an operational perspective, we think about several opportunities to make this a success, and we strongly believe it will be a success. Number one is just improving the laboratory operation and the efficiency of that operation, which as you know is something that we excel at. Number two is expanding the reach of their sales force, which we think of very highly, and extending that into the primary care and the OB/GYN market and number three is the comprehensiveness of the test menu and the opportunity to create one point where physicians can order all of what they need in women's health and reproductive genetics.
Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Do you expect it to be accretive year one, Dave, or...?
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We do expect it to be accretive. It's not going to be materially accretive in year one. But it will be accretive in year one and we expect, longer term, that it will be a significant contributor to earnings growth.
Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Bill Bonello of Craig-Hallum. Your line is open.
William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Hey. Good morning. I wanted to follow up also with some questions on Sequenom. So, the logic of how you can improve their business makes all the sense in the world to me. What I guess I would like to understand is sort of what they bring to you in terms of the advantages of owning this asset versus maintaining a contractual relationship with them and offering the breadth in the other tests on your own.
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Bill, it's Dave, good morning. So, it's just more complicated to maintain the send-out relationship when you're talking about the high-end reproductive genetic testing, and it's more complicated, obviously, for somebody like Sequenom, because they're not offering the full test menu, they're  you're dealing with organizing logistics, you're dealing with routing blood from one place to another, routing samples from one place to another. And you're dealing with delays in turnaround time as a result of the logistics. So, although a send-out relationship in concept sounds attractive, it actually leads to more complexity. And as we think about how to be successful in the business generally and in this aspect of the business in particular, what the physicians and the patients want is more simplicity. So they want to be able to order on one req form, they want to be able to have one courier pick it up, they want to be able to have it go to one place where the logistics are handled by LabCorp instead of being handled by two different entities. They want to get the results back on one report form, and they want to have one place to go for interpretation, if genetic counseling, for example, is required. So from my perspective what we're doing is we're taking the opportunity to integrate a best-in-class NIPT test into a best-in-class women's health portfolio and that, in my mind, leads to enormous opportunity to grow in that market, which is one of the fastest growing parts of the Diagnostics industry in which we think, over the long term, as the technology improves and the test menu improves around not only non-invasive prenatal testing but all sorts of non-invasive testing that's now done through more invasive methods that we'll be extremely well positioned to succeed.
William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Just as a follow-up on that, just two things on that. One, is it your opinion as part of the reason, the timing on this now, that indeed we're going to see an expansion into the average risk market from the high-risk market? I assume so, given all your comments about OB/GYNs but then more importantly, are there things that you see in their pipeline or tests that you imagine you can develop based on their technology that are part of what's driving this?
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, so we are seeing significant progress in payer coverage for non-invasive prenatal testing for average risk patients. So the opportunity there obviously grows the market significantly, because it provides at least the potential to reach a couple of hundred million covered lives as opposed to what we'd characterize as merely the high risk market and you're seeing payer acceptance of it because the technology is sound, the clinical results are well validated. And again, with Sequenom, you have over 500,000 tests performed and you have the largest clinical database to support the expansion of the market. In terms of expansion of the testing, obviously Sequenom has been at the forefront in terms of offering fetal fractionation, micro deletions, now the genome aspect of NIPT to expand upon the original MaterniT21 test, so yes, we think there will continue to be opportunities there, and then I would just also parenthetically as mentioned in the talking points, Bill, point to the international opportunity that this provides us should not be underestimated, because Sequenom has focused on Europe and Asia-Pacific, and that those are markets where I think there's still plenty of opportunity for adoption of non-invasive prenatal testing.
William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Excellent. Thank you very much.
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Amanda Murphy of William Blair. Your line is open.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. I actually had some questions, as well, on Sequenom. If I recall correctly, you had spent quite a bit of effort towards NIPT testing yourselves so I'm just wondering how this will integrate into the existing business. And you mentioned kind of managed care contracts. Are you going to be able to leverage any of Sequenom's contracts or will they be sucked into your broader contracts?
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Amanda, it's Dave. Obviously, there are-- and I think these comments were made on Illumina's call. People had been moving toward performing these tests in-house. We like Sequenom's technology. We like the breadth of the test menu. Obviously, the New York licensure is quite important, so this will integrate well into what we've already done in non-invasive prenatal testing. And again, the number of tests that they've performed and the clinical evidence and support will really help in terms of the average, the demonstration that this test makes sense for the average-risk population. In terms of the managed care contracts, typically the managed care relationships fall under our contracts post-acquisition. We've carefully examined, to the extent we're able to do so, obviously, as part of the diligence process, our managed care contracts versus their managed care contracts and we don't see material difference there, so that's another positive in terms of how we think about being able to put these businesses together.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. And I know this may be too early to answer, but do you have a sense yet of how this might affect the patent pool that share with Illumina and royalties that are paid in that context?
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think it probably is too early to answer but again we don't expect it to have any material impact.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Lisa Gill of JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Christine Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks very much and thanks for all the commentary. Dave, I guess just two questions from me. The first would be CMS came out the other day talking about bundling cardiovascular. Obviously, you have a suite of products on that side. I know over the years we've talked about as we move in this direction getting some of these tests into lower cost settings. Do you think that there will be an impact to LabCorp, as we start to really start to see those shift to fee for value in specific categories?
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Lisa. Yes. As you know, CMS started out with the idea of the bundled demonstration, or the bundled payment for the joint replacements. Now they've proposed bundled payments for cardiovascular. Obviously, it's going to take some time to see how that really plays out. But I would say that particularly when you move away from the inpatient setting, so let's distinguish between the inpatient and the outpatient setting. In the inpatient setting, I continue to believe that these types of bundled structures, structures will encourage hospitals to look at how they can reduce the costs of the components of the bundle, and on the laboratory and the diagnostics side, that obviously puts us in a very strong competitive position. On the outpatient side, as you look at bundled payments for total care, again, physicians who are treating patients as  who are owned or affiliated with health systems, are going to be looking at: How do I get each component of what I need to treat this patient at the highest quality and the most effective price point? And we're going to be extremely well-positioned, and with cardiovascular in particular as you think about cardiovascular risk, because of LipoScience and the NMR Profile and because of our comprehensive suite of cardiovascular services and risk assessment services, I think we're going to be extremely well positioned to be a valuable ally to the hospitals as they think about how to make the most of any sort of cardiovascular bundling.
Lisa Christine Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And is it too early for you to already have those conversations with the hospital entities? As we think about this, 2018 is not all that far away, so I'm just curious at this point, are you starting to have those conversations and starting to think about how the contracting will come about in the next couple of years?
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think that's a really important point to make, which is, we spend a lot of time focused on the hospital relationships and we think about the importance of our engagement with health systems as broad partnerships, so we don't spend a lot of time talking specifically about lab management, for example. We have plenty of lab management deals, but we try to frame them in the context of an overall partnering relationship around pathology, around reference testing, around lab management, and we certainly are having these conversations about  and every hospital executive I talk to, it's about: How do we continue to provide the highest quality care to our patients, and continue to reduce the cost side of the equation? And those conversations are under way, and we're optimistic about the opportunity to help the health systems in dealing with some of these changes in reimbursement. Because I agree with you, 2018 is not far off at all when it comes to the type of structural change we're seeing.
Lisa Christine Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then just one follow-up question for Glenn. Glenn, just looking at the leverage at 3.3 times, when we think about the acquisition will you use cash? I know there's no share repurchase in your guidance, but I think there was some thought that without an acquisition you would move back towards purchasing some shares in the back half of the year. How should we think about that?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Lisa, to your point we're leveraged at 3.3 times now, but again the bulk of the free cash flow we generate is in the second half so obviously our leverage is going to come down. We will use cash to acquire Sequenom by the end of the year, which will take the leverage up obviously from where we would have been otherwise, but still it will be lower than where we are currently. So we continue to not provide our guidance that would include share repurchases, but we'll continue to consider the possibility of repurchasing shares later this year, or clearly, given the cash flows of the business, not too far thereafter, but for right now, again, an all-cash transaction with strong leverage  strong balance sheet by the end of the year.
Lisa Christine Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Congratulations on a great quarter. Thanks very much.
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And, ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question. And the next question will come from Jack Meehan of Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys. I had two questions on Covance. Dave, could you give us an update on the integrated offering and just traction with incremental bookings in the market? And then maybe for Glenn as you look at the back half of the year, the guide now at least by my math implies about five points of organic growth. Obviously the comps get tougher but just how would you characterize the guidance at this point?
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jack. I'm going to ask Deb to give you an update on kind of the business and the integrated offering and then Glenn will answer your question on the back half.
Deborah L. Keller - Chief Executive Officer-Covance Drug Development, Covance, Inc.: Good morning, Jack. This is Deb Keller. So, I think as we look at the business and the integrated offering, I think there's two parts to it. The first is that clients have really been able to see and understand the value proposition of the combined companies. We are differentiated, and they see that, and as we look at the orders, since we've made the announcement, we've recorded over $200 million in clinical orders, where the LabCorp data actually played a key role in the win. In recent quarter, we actually added a large oncology study, where we had an integrated offering, as well as what we did in the rare and orphan disease. We had a win in that category, as well. I think when we look at the central labs specifically, that business has taken market share for many years, and continues to do so, and now with the acquisition of LabCorp, we have even more offerings that we can provide to clients, whether it's anatomical pathology or genomics around the globe, so I would say that we've been very successful with our integration efforts both commercially and then operationally.
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And I would say, Jack, it's Dave, just a couple follow-ons to that. I mean, my perception is that my conversations and probably Deb's, as well, are at a different level with prior conversations. We're talking to senior people about broad collaboration across multiple areas of interest for the drug companies, as opposed to a procurement fight about: How much am I going to pay for this? Or how much am I going to pay for that? There's a much greater emphasis in drug development now on quality and speed, and the combination of our capabilities really plays right into that. Also, if you just look at the performance of companion diagnostics, which we highlighted as one of the three key priorities, our companion diagnostics businesses combined have done tremendously well. And the launch of the Roche assay that I mentioned in the talking points but I also highlighted immuno-oncology, one of the fastest growing therapeutic areas. Everybody is working on immuno oncology and we clearly are the market leader in developing and launching these tests with three tests and four applications in the last year. So I think we're doing an excellent job on the integration and Covance has done a terrific job on early development solutions. It's about having an extensive menu that customers can choose what they need from and then delivering the value. And with that I'll turn it over to Glenn for the financial question.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Jack, to your point, the implied growth rate in the second half for Covance is lower than the first half. We're looking based upon a midpoint  call it around 4% year-over-year growth in the second half. When you look at the impact from currency of a little over 1%, you look at the impact from the Sanofi site support agreement, which is a little over 2%, it kind of gets you to call it a little bit over 7% growth rate in the second half year-over-year off of a very strong second half of a year that we had last year. So again, consistent with kind of the historical growth rates of Covance, but we believe it's still a very strong performance expectation for the second half of the year.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, that's great. And I appreciate all the detail. If I can squeeze in one more just on gross margins, Glenn. You overlapped some optical headwinds this quarter. Any color you can provide just on traction from here would be great. Thanks.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, again, the company overall performs  is performing well. Obviously a big focus on our gross margin, which obviously is helped by demand, helped by our LaunchPad initiative. Again, we're pleased to see that gross margin effectively improved year-over-year, when you take out just the mix impact, but frankly, as well as our SG&A side, where we got good leverage, as well, taking out mix. So, pleased with the performance at the top line and how we're leveraging it.
Operator: Thank you. And again we ask you that you ask one question and re-queue for questions. The next question is from Ross Muken of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Good morning. So I just want to dig in a little bit more on Covance. It seemed like the net order growth rate continues to be strong, and then you highlighted some of the cross-sell. Could you just give us a little bit of color? The implied book-to-bill sort of suggests that the early phase business continues to trend well and maybe some of the others that have shorter turnaround time are kind of elevated. So help us just understand from a mix basis, in the core of revenue, how the three key segments are kind of operating and how you expect them to trend over the back half of the year.
Deborah L. Keller - Chief Executive Officer-Covance Drug Development, Covance, Inc.: Okay, hi, Ross, this is Deb. So thanks for the question. As you said, the net orders did increase 11% year-on-year and we had a solid order quarter, and the book-to-bill obviously is impacted by our very strong revenue growth, which was double digits in all of the different service lines that we have. And as you said, you can remember that we have three business lines in Covance, which is not apples to apples to our competitors. And so our book-to-bill is an average of all of those areas. We've seen  continue to see strong orders in early development. That's a really good marketplace right now. There's good market demand there, and we're winning. And so we're very happy and pleased with the performance from that group. Central Labs, as I said earlier, continues to take market share and has had good orders, as well. Clinical, we've had good orders in our early clinical, very strong orders. We have seen more and more emerging clients from that segment come into that. Into our business there so we've seen a little bit more in cancellations and delays. And then our Phase II/IV, we've had some good order quarters. You do see the volatility as you look at some of our competitors and you look at their Q2 earnings versus  their Q2 book-to-bill versus their Q1, so you do see some volatility there. We recently added a sales leader for our Phase II/IV business and added some additional salespeople. And so we're starting to bear fruit from some of those investments.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Great. And just maybe quickly, Glenn, just as a cleanup, what was the M&A contribution on the rev per req side?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We normally don't break that level out from a volume standpoint. We do comment that it was, or I guess around 90 basis points. We do say obviously, it's a good component of the rev per req. I think on average, if there is such you can say it's in the ballpark of around a third of it, which is  I guess our M&A overall had a nice impact on the quarter. Some of that is annualizing from deals that we would have done in the prior year, so going forward, the impact would be more in line with what our traditional growth rate for M&A is at around 1%.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Steven Valiquette of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America: Thanks. Good morning. So he just touched on the question I was going to ask on the rev per req but also let me just on pricing, maybe you can just remind us again your latest thoughts on whether or not there may be any material clinical lab fee schedule adjustments by CMS for 2017 in place of the delay of the PAMA related changes. Curious to get your latest thoughts on that. Thanks.
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's Dave. Because PAMA very clearly set out how the clinical lab fee schedule is to be adjusted over time, we don't expect that there will be any 2017 adjustments, other than the potential CPI update that's built in. So generally, I would think about the clinical lab fee schedule for 2017 as flat, and in terms of overall pricing, just want to be clear that the revenue per requisition increase that you're seeing is driven largely by mix, not by unit price, so we think of the pricing environment as stable, and we expect it to be so out through the balance of this year and 2017.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America: Okay. That's helpful. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, good morning. A couple of questions here. First of all, on organic volumes at 1.2%, trend seems to be stable compared to the first quarter. Dave, do you think that this is the new normal for the industry? And is this going to affect the steady state on an organic volume that we should think about as we build our model going forward?
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Ricky, I think that's reasonable. Obviously, when we talk about that organic volume, I mean, that's really just the growth in the business that comes from essentially more tests from the same customers. And I think 1.5%, in that range, is very realistic to think about over time. Again, just given the demographics of the population, the increasing number of insured lives, the potential for some-- for incremental Medicaid expansion, so I do think that that's the right way to think about it, and obviously it doesn't take into account things like contract wins or acquisitions, which we tend to call out separately.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then a question on PAMA, and the visibility that you have into 2018. Is it fair to say that given your scale and your reimbursement, it's going to be weighted by size, and the fact that you're a low-cost provider, provides you with some fairly good visibility into what at least the floor reimbursement could be? And if that's the case, any thoughts about your ability to offset the changes to price with additional cost reductions in 2018.
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So I think in terms of visibility, part of the challenge is that, although we're pleased with the expansion of the applicable labs in the rule that CMS issued, we still don't know what that really means in terms of capturing the hospital outreach business, and I just want to say that I think CMS-- I'm pleased that CMS has been willing to consider the industry's comments. I think ACLA has done a terrific job, and the hospital associations as well, in bringing these issues to CMS's attention. I continue to be disappointed that the data show that 50% of lab revenue is still going through the hospitals, even though the volume is lower, considerably lower, than what goes through the independent labs. That means hospital pricing has to be way higher, and we all know it is. So to say that we're doing a market survey and essentially take into account only a very limited slice of that market, to me does not do what Congress asked CMS to do. Now, having said that, our visibility into what the impact, or the floor, will be is still limited until we go through the process of understanding how many more labs are captured, and what the survey looks like. In terms of offsetting the financial impact, I think it's important that people think of LaunchPad as a long-term initiative for our business, not as specific projects, and so what we've said about LaunchPad is that we're going to get the savings over a three-year period, but what we've also said is LaunchPad has now transitioned into organizational and structural activities, as opposed to things like our supply chain, and a lot of the things that we're doing around LaunchPad, particularly now focusing on that front-end engagement with the patient, are going to help us to offset the impact of whatever the PAMA and clinical lab fee schedule reductions in 2018 turn out to be.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Nick Jansen of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi, guys. I just wanted to dig a little bit deeper into Beacon LBS and what you're doing with United in Florida and the potential for that to be broadened at some point in time. I know the United contract has an expiration date end of next year. I just wanted to get your thoughts on how that program could be rejiggered thinking about a more broader rollout at some point in time. Thanks.
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, I think, one thing to remember is when we think about Beacon LBS is, Beacon LBS is something that the Beacon LBS team invented from scratch and built. So it's a pretty significant accomplishment that that team took an idea and a concept and really built it into a business that's now generating a pretty significant amount of revenue. The results from Beacon LBS, when you look at the things that the team set out to achieve, the out-of-network lab spend in Florida has declined. The test selection based on evidence-based guidelines has improved. The use of the lab network has increased, which leads to lower consumer out-of-pocket costs. So these are all, I think, positives for what Beacon LBS can accomplish. Are there things that we want to do to make it better? Absolutely. We want to make it more attractive to providers in helping them to select the right tests, so that it becomes a positive tool for choosing the right diagnostic testing. We want to expand the scope of it to increase the utility. Again, you look at the surveys, and physicians say 30% of the time they're not sure what test to order, particularly when it comes to molecular testing. So we have the opportunity to make Beacon LBS something that becomes a positive in the provider office, and helps them get the right test and interpret it correctly. Those enhancements are in process, and obviously there are also competitive tools in the marketplace, and we want to be better than the competitive tools. As we enhance Beacon LBS, as we extend its capabilities, as it becomes more and more integrated into EMR systems, I think we will move to new markets, and I think my perception is that United sees it as a valued tool to help them with correct lab test selection and management of their out-of-network spend. And we're both anxious to see it grow and expand into new markets.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I'll keep my questions to one. Thanks, guys, nice quarter.
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Bill Quirk of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks. Good morning everyone. First off, I guess, going back to Sequenom deal makes sense given your channel presence, particularly in the OB/GYN side of things. But, Dave, help us think a little bit about some of the implications here for some of the partner relationships. Are you assuming that some of the deals may potentially move to alternative NIPT providers?
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Say again, Bill? I'm sorry, I didn't quite follow. Some of which deals may move to alternative...
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Yeah. I am just thinking about some of the partners that Sequenom brought into the pool are competitors of yours in the reference lab side of the business. And just trying to get a sense as to presumably you guys took a look at this and feel pretty comfortable, but just want to get some additional color there.
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we do feel comfortable. Obviously when we  we have a limited visibility when we're doing diligence into an acquired company's customer list. So we don't have a perfect idea, but we always assume there's going to be some attrition. One of the nice things about this test, though, is we really do feel that it's best-in-class, and so I think the likelihood that there's going to be significant attrition is not the same as it would be in a typical, we're acquiring another  just acquiring another laboratory. I think the other reality is as you get into highly specialized testing that's really dependent on capabilities and methodology and the clinical database, that there is less appetite for switching than there is if you're just using one reference lab, and now it's acquired by another reference lab. So, we feel good about the ability to retain the key customers, and again, are counting on and looking forward to working with the Sequenom team to make that the case.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. And then just I guess staying on the topic for a follow-up question. Most of the comments concern their NIPT product, they have  I guess I'd be curious to hear about your plans for the liquid biopsy program. They have talked about this, but candidly have kind of down-played it in recent quarters and talked about partnering that out.
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thank you for mentioning that. The liquid biopsy pipeline at Sequenom is something that has been there for a while, and as you say candidly, I think from a resource perspective, they've not been able to focus on it as much as they would like. They really like the liquid biopsy opportunity and our scientists from their evaluation think there's real potential there. So that's probably a part of the deal that is going to take a little longer to materialize, but at the same time, we like that as a long-term opportunity. We like it as complementary to our oncology business, and we'll have the resources to support that and integrate it with the work that we're doing on liquid biopsy and on oncology test development generally, which I think will be a strong positive for their program and ultimately for the market.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay, got it. Appreciate the color. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Gary Lieberman of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Ryan Halsted - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. This is Ryan Halsted on for Gary. Just one broad question, so now that PAMA has been finalized and is capturing the hospital outreach labs, how are you weighing the opportunity to allocate your capital to expanding of the Diagnostics business going forward, compared with Covance?
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's Dave. I think the fact that we announced an acquisition this morning in the Diagnostics space should tell you that we're looking to be opportunistic in acquiring the assets that we think are going to bring the highest value for our business and the best return for shareholders. And we'll continue to do that, and continue to look at the business needs, and evaluate where we should deploy capital.
Ryan Halsted - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I mean, is there an opportunity for you to buy hospital outreach labs, do you think?
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Certainly there may be. I mean, I think the history of hospital outreach acquisitions is mixed, because you worry about significant attrition, and you worry about now that the lab is not owned by the hospital anymore the ability to retain the work. Again, we look at the hospital and health system relationships as we want to be broad partners around the in-house laboratory, the outreach business, the reference business, the pathology, the patient management, the population health, so I wouldn't focus so much on how we deploy capital toward hospital outreach as I would on how do we deploy capital to meet our stated criteria, accretive in year one, meet our financial metrics and provide value to shareholders over time.
Ryan Halsted - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And the final question is from Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. Thanks for fitting me in. Just a question on capital allocation, and really specifically M&A. On the Sequenom side, just hoping you could give us a couple of the key swing factors that we should consider when thinking about how EPS accretion will play out over time. And secondly, just looking forward, what your criteria are for future deals if we consider the pro forma capital structure you'll have after Sequenom. Thank you.
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Isaac it's Dave. So, as I mentioned earlier, from an accretion perspective, it will be accretive in year one but not materially. So in the out years, the combination of the top-line revenue growth opportunity and bringing some greater efficiency to their laboratory operation, we think, will give us the opportunity for the acquisition to be materially accretive. In terms of what we look for in acquisitions, we've always talked about expanding our capabilities, we've talked about geographic footprint, we've talked about test menu. Two very important criteria for this transaction. And we've talked about strategic fit with the business, whether it's the Diagnostics business or the Drug Development business. And in terms of the financial criteria, we look at many multiples. Obviously we look at multiples of EBITDA, pre-and post. We look at DCF, but the fundamental premise is accretive in year one, and meets our cost of capital sort of by year three to year four, and again, this transaction falls squarely within those metrics. And our aspiration is that every transaction that we do when we deploy capital would fall squarely within those metrics.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue. I'll turn the call back over for closing remarks.
David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, as I said, it's an exciting day at LabCorp's today. We appreciate everybody's time and participation on the call. We thank you and hope you have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Surdez - VP, IR Dave King - Chairman & CEO Glenn Eisenberg - EVP and CFO Deborah Keller - CEO, Covance Drug Development
Analysts: Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Bill Bonello - Craig-Hallum Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Amanda Murphy - William Blair Nicholas Jansen - Raymond James Will Quirk - Piper Jaffray Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird Ryan Halsted - Wells Fargo Securities A.J. Rice - UBS Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies Donald Hooker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Mark Massaro - Canaccord Genuity
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2016 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. At time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Paul Surdez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Paul Surdez: Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's first quarter 2016 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Deborah Keller, CEO of Covance Drug Development. In addition to our press release, we also filed a Form 8-K this morning that includes additional financial information. Both are available on the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.labcorp.com and include a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. Finally, we're making forward-looking statements during today's call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in our 2015 10-K. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
Dave King: Thank you, Paul and good morning. We had an impressive quarter in which we continued to demonstrate the power of our transformed company through our operating performance and progress on key strategic priorities. First quarter pro forma revenue growth was nearly 9% with strong organic growth in both LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development. This growth coupled with reengineering our business process through project launch pad and capturing additional cost synergies from the Covance acquisition drove another quarter of margin expansion and double-digit adjusted EPS growth. Our excellent first quarter operational performance and business momentum give us confidence to increase our 2016 revenue and PS outlook. Our ongoing success is due to sustained focus on our mission to improve health and improve lives and execution on our three key strategic initiatives. Being the world's leading provider of diagnostic solutions, bringing innovative medicines to patients faster and using information to change the way care is delivered. I will now update you on our progress of these strategic guide posts. First we are delivering diagnostic solutions through a combination of enhanced offerings, complementary acquisitions and technological innovation. We continue to lead an offering of cutting edge testing introducing over 75 new tests to market during the past year. We are increasingly deploying our integrated testing capabilities, industry leading science and innovative technology offerings to establish strategic partnerships with providers. Hospitals, health systems and large physician networks seek us out for our comprehensive capabilities in reference testing, supply chain management, IT and informatics, decision support and clinical trials. We're also focused on our relationship with managed care organizations, a backbone of our business. We have the strongest managed care portfolio in the industry and are proud of our deep partnerships with these clients. In addition we are increasing our focus on partnering with government and quality government payors as they take on broader roles in developing new payment structures and care models. Underpinning our core diagnostic strategy is our innovation in data integration and in tools to support enhanced connectivity, reporting and decision support. We differentiate from our competitors by providing these tools as well as the highest quality cost efficient laboratory services to help a wide array of partners as they move to more extensive management of patient health and broader sharing of risk. We complement our organic growth initiatives with carefully considered acquisitions and partnerships that drive long term profitable growth. During this quarter we invested approximately $100 million in strategic tuck in deals predominantly focused on esoteric testing such as anatomic pathology which provides critical diagnostic information in the determination of the appropriate course of cancer treatment. Looking ahead our acquisition pipeline remains robust and we see attractive opportunities to enhance our test menu and expand our geographic footprint. In addition to our revenue growth initiatives we are committed to increasing efficiency and improving the customer experience, Project LaunchPad is introducing new tools and systems to reengineer our processes as well as enhance the patient employee and customer experience. With indentified projects underway such as improving our billing system and patient service center workflow, LaunchPad will sustainably reduce costs, benefitting the long-term margins of LabCorp Diagnostics. We remain on track to deliver $150 million in net savings to the three year period ending in 2017, although LaunchPad is a finite program aimed at process reengineering, we will always have opportunities to drive shareholder value through further productivity and efficiency programs. Our culture of continuous improvement began long before LaunchPad and will remain after we achieve our stated LaunchPad goals. In its second year LaunchPad has transitioned from shorter duration initiatives to system reengineering which entails longer timelines for execution and longer term savings impact. Our second core objective is bringing innovative medicines to patients faster. We execute that objective by offering unique capabilities and solutions to solve problems for our customers. Inefficiency in the clinical trial, recruitment and startup process persist at the most significant pain-point for our biopharma customers. We are introducing solutions that no other company can replicate to address this challenge. We're commercializing the combination of LabCorps proprietary patient data and Covances proprietary informatics and investigator database, in support of enhanced study planning as well as improved clinical file placement and recruitment. During the quarter the use of LabCorp data played a key role in winning a large Phase 3 oncology study, which increased our cumulative orders from use of LabCorp data to over $190 million. We've begun to convert this backlog into revenue and remain on track to deliver $150 million in incremental revenue through 2018. In addition the number of patients that provided consent through our patient portal to be contacted about clinical trials steadily increased throughout the quarter. We believe patients will want to be part of a process that improves the speed at which cutting edge therapeutics are delivered to the market and we're exploring partnerships to expand our reach with this initiative. Overtime we believe that this database will further differentiate our studies startup and recruitment capabilities in support of better drug development. We continue to develop comprehensive solutions in key therapeutic areas, capitalizing on our unique end-to-end capabilities across all aspects of drug development. The scientific and clinical expertise that Covance Drug Development and LabCorp Diagnostics offer in combination, our combined laboratory expertise, and our ability to deliver all of our services with the highest quality and at scale put us significantly ahead of our competitors. To give you a couple of specifics, our industry leading Central Lab, a product of our combined capabilities, reported another outstanding quarter of double-digit organic revenues growth. We recently introduced automation to our Geneva central lab to improve productivity and expanded it to double capacity, allowing us to better serve the growing demand for our enhanced menu of lab testing in Europe, Africa and around the globe. Our companion diagnostics franchise continues to thrive and is another excellent example of the power of our combined offering. Companion diagnostics are growing in importance to our customers to help them secure regulatory approval, reimbursement and market adoption for their medicines in an increasingly demanding healthcare system. LabCorp and Covance uniquely offer companion diagnostic capabilities from discovery through commercialization. These capabilities include development, validation, support for in vitro diagnostic kits, ability to responsibly launch laboratory developed diagnostics, market analysis, reimbursement support, lifecycle management and timely commercialization of drugs and their companion diagnostics to our sizable base of providers and their patients. We see strong revenue growth in companion diagnostic services across many therapeutic areas including oncology, inflammation and central nervous system disorders. We remain confident that we will deliver $100 million in incremental revenue in this area through 2018 and highlight our differentiated capabilities from our competitors. For our third objective, we are changing the way care is delivered through the use of information and technology enabled solutions. In diagnostics as noted we are expanding our menu of decision support tools and integrated content to assist payors, physicians, health systems and patients, in better understanding and managing medical conditions. We also recently marked the one year anniversary of Beacon LBS's commercial launch and we're pleased with the technologys clear financial and clinical benefits. In addition, we are seeing increased provider satisfaction with Beacon LBSs test and lab selection functionality as well as its ease of use. We intend to add new capabilities to Beacon LBS this year and remain optimistic about its introduction in new markets. In drug development we are enhancing Covance's Accelerate suits of services to enable faster patient enrollment, more efficient site monitoring and improved study planning, Accelerate helps reduce the time and cost of trials by providing an easy to use replicable tool to improve insight into trial site performance and trail success. We will also implement new approaches to lower the patient burden and improve the patient journey through clinical trials. We recently launched the suite of mobile capabilities designed to help biopharmaceutical and technology companies, navigate the rapidly evolving mobile health landscape. Through this novel offering, we will provide regulatory consulting and validation services to help companies certify the accuracy and consistency of mobile devices and applications for use in clinical trials. Through all of this activity we have been and will be excellent stewards of capital. We have made steady progress in our commitment to delever the balance sheet and we're now at approximately 3.5 times leveraged approaching our target. We continue to deploy capital towards strategic acquisitions and expect to be in a position to return capital to shareholders in the second half of the year. By virtue of our investments in innovation, talent, science, quality, operational excellence and distinctive technology LabCorp is increasingly well positioned to profit from global opportunities across our $200 billion addressable market. I am proud of my colleagues who everyday reflect our core values of excellence, integrity, teamwork, courage, inspiration and ownership that they work tirelessly to improve the health and lives of patients around the globe. Our team's efforts are the reason for our success this quarter and they will continue to be LabCorp's greatest competitive advantage. I thank them for their great work and the results they continue to deliver. Now, I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Dave. I'm going to start my comments with the review of our first quarter results followed by a discussion of our LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development segments and conclude with an update on our 2016 guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $2.3 billion, an increase of 30% over last year. Covance contributed 24% year-over-year growth due to strong demand as well as the inclusion of a full quarter of results compared to a partial quarter last year. The remainder of the increase of 6% was driven by LabCorp Diagnostics strong organic growth and tuck-in acquisitions partially offset by currency. Gross profit for the quarter was $777 million or 33.9% of revenue, compared to 625 million or 35.3% last year. The increase in gross profit was due primarily to strong demand, productivity and acquisitions partially offset by personnel costs. The declining gross margin was primarily due to the mix impact from a full quarter of Covance results. On a pro forma basis, gross margin would have increased 50 basis points over last year. SG&A for the quarter was $412 million or 17.9% of revenue, compared to 442 million or 25% last year. Special charges in the quarter were $10 million primarily related to the integration of Covance and executive transition expenses, compared to 119 million a year ago, which were primarily related to the acquisition of Covance. Excluding special charges SG&A in the quarter was $402 million or 17.5% of revenue, compared to 322 million or 18.2%. The increase in adjusted SG&A was primarily due to acquisitions, personnel cost and bad debt while the percentage of our SG&A benefited from a full quarter of Covance's lower rate. On a pro forma basis, adjusted SG&A would have improved 10 basis points over last year. During the quarter, we recorded $19 million of restructuring charges primarily relating to the closure of redundant facilities in general integration initiatives. Amortization expense for the quarter was $44 million, up from 31 million a year ago due to the impact of acquisitions. Operating income for the quarter was $302 million or 13.2% of revenue compared to 132 million or 7.5% last year. Excluding amortization restructuring in special items of $74 million, adjusted operating income was 376 million or 16.4% of revenue compared to 302 million or 17.1% last year. The decline in margin was primarily due to the mix impact from a full quarter of Covance results. On a pro forma basis adjusted operating margin would have improved 60 basis points. Interest expense for the quarter was $55 million compared to 104 million in the first quarter of 2015, the decrease was due to non-recurring acquisition related items of $53 million reported last year partially offset by higher debt balances following the acquisition of Covance. The tax rate for the quarter was 37.3% excluding special charges and amortization, the adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 36.5% up from 35.4% last year primarily due to the geographic mix of earnings. For the full year, we continue to expect our adjusted tax rate to be comparable to last year's rate of 35.3%. Net earnings for the quarter were $160 million or $1.55 per diluted share excluding amortization restructuring and other special items, adjusted EPS were $2.02 in the quarter, up 15% from $1.76 last year. These results included a net gain in the quarter of $0.05 per diluted share on the sale of investment securities from our venture funds. During the quarter our operating cash flow was $123 million compared to negative 87 million in the first quarter of 2015. Last year cash flow was negatively impacted by $154 million of one-time charges relating to the acquisition of Covance. Excluding these charges operating cash flow was up 57 million over last year due primarily to improve earnings. Capital expenditures totaled $71 million or 3.1% of revenue, up from 34 million or 1.9% last year. Capital expenditures in the quarter were in line with typical spending levels, while last year's CapEx was low due to the delayed spending related to the acquisition and integration of Covance. As a result, free cash flow was $52 million in the first quarter, an increase from 33 million last year, excluding the nonrecurring items. At quarter end our cash balance our cash balance was $696 million compared to 716 million at the end of the 2015. Total debt was approximately $6.4 billion. During the quarter, we invested 97 million in acquisitions, and our leverage declined to 3.5 times debt to last 12 months pro forma EBITDA. Now I'll review our segment performance. For comparative purposes, segment results are presented on a pro forma basis for all periods, as if the acquisition of Covance closed on January 01, 2015, and exclude amortization, restructuring, special items and unallocated corporate expenses. Reconciliations of segment results to historically reported results are included in today's press release and the current report filed today on Form 8-K. Now I will review the performance of LabCorp Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $1.6 billion, an increase of 7.2% over last year. The increase in revenue was the result of organic volume growth measured by requisitions, Beacon LBS, price mix and tuck-in acquisitions partially offset by currency. The revenue increase includes a benefit from Beacon LBS of 1% and unfavorable currency translation of 0.6%. Revenue per requisition increased 2.7%, benefiting from price mix and tuck-in acquisitions. In addition, esoteric testing revenue grew at a faster rate than core testing revenue. Total volume increased by 4%, of which organic volume was 3.4% and acquisition volume was 0.6%. Volume benefited from the impact of weather and the additional day that was partially offset by the timing of the Easter holiday. LabCorp Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $310 million, or 19.5% of revenue, compared to 290 million, or 19.5%, last year. The increase in operating income was primarily due to volume, price mix and productivity, partially offset by personnel costs and bad debt. Although the operating margin was consistent with last year, it was constrained by the mix impact from Beacon LBS and an increase in the bad debt rate of approximately 25 basis points due to an increase in patient responsibility. For the remainder of the year wed expect our bad debt rates to improve benefitting from our LaunchPad initiatives. We remain on track to deliver our 150 million LaunchPad savings goal over the three year period ending 2017. Now, I'll review the performance with Covance Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $703 million, an increase of 12.6% over last year. Excluding the impact from approximately 160 basis points of negative currency and the expiration of the Sanofi Site Support agreement revenue increased 17.9% over last year. The strong revenue growth was broad-based across our early development, clinical and central lab businesses. Adjusted operating income was 103 million or 14.7% of revenue compared to 74 million or 11.9% last year. The increase in operating income and margin was primarily due to demand, productivity and cost synergies. Partially offset by the expiration of the Sanofi Site Support agreement and personnel costs. We remain on track to achieve our three year 100 million cost savings goal through 2017 related to the acquisition of Covance. Net orders during the quarter were $830 million, representing a net book-to-bill of 1.18, while backlog at the end of the quarter was $6.9 billion. The trailing 12 month net book-to-bill was also 1.18. Now, I'll update our 2016 guidance, which assumes March 31st foreign exchange rates for the remainder of 2016. We expect revenue growth of 8.5 % to 10.5%, after the impact from approximately 40 basis points of negative currency. This is an increase from our prior guidance of 7.5% to 9.5% due to strong organic growth and a 60 basis point improvement in currency. We expect the LabCorp Diagnostics segment to grow 4% to 5.5% over 2015, after the impact from approximately 20 basis points of negative currency. This is an increase from our prior guidance of 3.5% to 5.5% due to organic growth and a 30 basis point improvement in currency. We expect the Covance Drug Development segment to grow 6% to 9% over 2015 pro forma revenue, after the impact from approximately 50 basis points of negative currency. This is an increase from our prior guidance of 2% to 5% due to strong organic growth and 150 basis point improvement in currency. Excluding the impact from currency and the exploration of the Sanofi Site Support agreement, we now expect net revenue to increase approximately 9% to 12%. We expect adjusted EPS of $8.55 to $8.95, which implies growth of 8% to 13% over 2015 and is an increase from our prior guidance of $8.45 to $8.85. As a remainder, our adjusted EPS guidance includes an increase in our share count due to stock compensation and often exercises but does not include any share repurchases. We expect free cash flow of $900 million to $950 million unchanged from our prior guidance. This concludes our formal remarks and we will now take questions, operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Due to time constraints we are ask you to please limit yourself to one question and one follow up if needed. And our first question comes from Robert Willoughby of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Willoughby: Dave and Glenn, I am wondering, why maybe not a bit more profit margin leverage on the quarter based on how well the lab volumes as low as revenues for accession trended? And then maybe a quick comment on just the deal pipeline robust is it robust for smaller kinds of tuck-ins or is the focus more on some larger transactions additive to some of your newer platforms?
Glenn Eisenberg: Okay, hi Robert. Let me ahead and this is Glenn, Ill cover the margin question and then pass over to Dave. First of all, obviously we had good margins overall for the company, at 16.4% margins, we are up around 60 basis points year-over-year on a pro-forma basis. I know your comment was probably more directed to the diagnostic side of the business, where we maintain our 19.5% margins year-over-year. As I commented in our opening remarks, our first quarter was constrained, were not for some of those issues we would have seen margin expansion and really there are three primary reasons. The first is our Beacon LBS business which we had a full quarter this year with none last year, it annualizes actually now beginning into the second quarter, so given that most of it right now is still cash through that was a constrain on our margins. We also did have bad debt rate increase for the first time, given the high patient responsibility but again as we said we expect that rate to come down going forward through the LaunchPad initiatives. So it won't be a constraint we believe going forward. And then finally, worth noting is that with our merit increase, we did have good merit increase year-over-year that will annualize in July of this year so for the first half, we will see some constraint on the margins from that, but overall at over 7% top-line growth maintaining really strong 19.5% margins, domains our operating grew by over 7% despite those constrains. Dave?
Dave King: Thanks Glenn. Bob, on the acquisition pipeline, I would say the acquisition pipeline is robust across the broadest -- across the whole spectrum. Our focus as evidenced in the quarter is on the tuck-in strategic deals that on the diagnostic side would enhance our geographic footprint or expand our test menu and on the growth development side would provide specific areas either of therapeutic expertise or other assets that would complement our current set of offerings.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bill Bonello of Craig-Hallum. Your line is now open.
Bill Bonello: So a particularly good looking quarter on the Covance side of the business and overall, just wondering if you would be willing to comment at all at this point with Covance onboard for more than a year now, how you are thinking about growth over the longer period of time? Do you think you can be a sustainable 10% plus EPS grower or do have any kind of internal objectives anything that you can give a color on that front would be great?
Dave King: Good morning Bill it is Dave, thanks for the comments. I think we have a sense of where we think long term revenue growth should be and thats with the diagnostics business kind of low to mid single-digits and with the Covance business mid to higher single-digits consistently overtime. How that translates to EPS obviously is a function of capital deployment and some other things, so I think you can expect us this year to set some aspirational targets for EPS growth overtime. I think if you look back historically obviously before the major reimbursement cuts of '13 and '14, we had a very nice I believe it was a five year EPS CGAR of 13 plus percent and we had a couple of years of flat to declining EPS simply because of declining pricing and the cuts attended to that. But I think it's an excellent question and as I said I think you can expect us during this year to set out some long term EPS growth expectations that we expect to achieve overtime as these businesses are fully integrated.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Lisa Gill of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Lisa Gill: Dave, can I just follow up on a couple of your comments that you made, just first when you think about the acquisition strategy and you think about how well Covance is doing right now. Can you maybe just give us a little more color as to how we think about the acquisition strategy there, you talked about tuck in more on the diagnostic side but on the drug development side is there areas that you feel that you need to really truly compete in the market and as we think about the better results in the quarter was there something specific that drove that versus your original expectations?
Dave King: In terms of the acquisition strategy specifically for the drug development business what I would say is, there is -- I divide it into two parts. The first part is just continuing to look at for right now the tuck ins and the things that are additive to particular parts of the business that we would like to expand so therapeutic expertise, market access, the areas where we feel that there is an interesting opportunity to either expand capabilities or enhance capabilities with things that would be additive to the overall end to end capabilities of the business. Overtime as we've said, we feel that we need to be larger in the clinical business and some of that will come from organic growth and the initiatives that we have underway and therapeutic expertise and integration with LabCorp Diagnostics. But it's my expectation that some of that will also come from acquisition. I would say that now our focus is not on another sizeable deal, our focus is on complementary capabilities that are additive to what we have. Although obviously we evaluate a lot of things and we're going to look at anything that looks like the right opportunity for us given price multiples and longer term return on invested capital. So that's how I would summarize the acquisition strategy around the Covance business.  In terms of the performance it's hard to single out any particular area because they all did so well, the business is kicking along extremely well, Deb is doing a great job as CEO and on top of that the leadership moves that she has made have created terrific stability and a sense of purpose in the organization and so I complement everybody at Covance from early development and pre-clinical all the way through clinical for a very strong performance in the quarter just as I complement everybody on the diagnostic side from bottommost to senior executive for a very strong performance there, we just did really, we really executed well on the strategic initiatives and we performed well operationally in the quarter.
Lisa Gill: I would agree congratulations on that nice quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jack Meehan of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan: I wanted to start with the strength at Covance, I caught some of Glenns commentary around Central Lab but I was curious if you stacked up early development and late stage how they fared relative to that or if they were really close in terms of the growth rates in the quarter?
Deborah Keller: Good morning, this is Deb. So I can give you a little more color on that. Early development as Dave said had another strong quarter and the market's been recovering over the past 18 to 24 months and our demand remains strong, utilization in the market is tightening which results in slight price increases, and it has in the last six quarters, so we continue to manage our capacity very efficiently and effectively. As far as Central Labs, we've had fantastic growth, we've had stronger volume and strong demand that's been fuelled by the breadth of assays that we have because of the combination of core end and Covance. We've also seen a nice conversion of the studies that we have in Central Labs, so that's been driving volume. In clinical trials as they get more and more complex the number of esoteric assays are increasing and that allows us to be a one stop shop for our customers, which they tend to value that. When you look at clinical this is the largest market that we serve and one of the largest opportunities that we have for growth, both for Covance as well as for the combined entity. We had strong results this quarter and you know we continue to invest in talent and tools. In January we added a new sales leader who was previously the head of sales for both Central Labs and early development and then as you know we recently announced that Jonathan Zung has joined, and he brings a wealth of experience in clinical development as well as his perspective from the voice of the client. So these hires, plus our investment in informatics as Dave had talked about earlier and the combined data is going to allow us to address our client's biggest pain points, which is decreasing the time for study start ups, identifying patients and sites. So we're very pleased with the results this quarter.
Jack Meehan: And then maybe just one more on personnel cost, it was mentioned a few times in the prepared remarks, just an area of modest pressure. I was wondering if that was anything incremental that you are seeing and then just what the outlook is for the rest of the year? Thank you.
Glenn Eisenberg: Jack, this is Glenn. On the personnel costs, I think we spoke to just obviously the growth of the business and the people, obviously, that are needed to support the growth. But we also have the additive part of the higher merit that we provided last year, reflective of the performance of the company that will annualize in July, but more just normal growth in the business supporting the higher growth in our personnel costs.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ross Muken of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open. 
Ross Muken: You highlighted the momentum that has been building on the cross-sell opportunity with utilizing the data sets to continue to drive really nice net orders at Covance. I guess if you think about companies that do things that are outside the norm and are groundbreaking, it usually takes some time and network effect amongst the customers to gain momentum. How do you feel like that translated into conversations that are going on amongst your different customer base and understanding the value prop and how you are differentiated and how that can lead to improved either enrollment times or patient quality or what have you in terms of them really starting to understand and see some references to where you are having maybe a different effect and a point of differentiation versus your competitors?
Dave King: Ross, this is Dave. I will start and then ask Deb if she has any further comments. I can tell you from my direct interactions with senior executives at the biopharma companies, I mean they instinctively understand the value of the data -- and of the LabCorp data and the patient data and the patient engagement and intimacy that we bring. As we said, the number one pain point in terms of getting trials started is finding sites, finding good investigators and particularly finding patients, and you look at the statistics most trials are under enrolled. A large majority of trial sites never enroll a patient. Oncology trials, in particular, suffer from a lack of patient enrollment, which makes it hard to get the drugs approved and brought to market. So, my experience has been this is readily understood. It is something that our customers are very enthusiastic about, and we have a lot of demand, not only for help us find patients for traditional trials, but also help us find patients for observational studies help us create a database of patients for registry studies. I think this is just a terrific and unique tool.
Deborah Keller: Yes, the only other thing that I would add Ross, as you know, I think this combination has allowed us to change the conversation with clients, I spend quite a bit of time on the road meeting with clients and they are very interested about, the different capabilities and solutions that are unique to Covance and LabCorp and I think the clients have -- I think if you look at some of the research that's been out there, they feel that we're making the right investments to meet not only their needs today, but their needs as clinical trials transform.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is comes from Amanda Murphy of William Blair. Your line is now open.
Amanda Murphy: I actually just had a follow-up to Ross's question. So, it seems like in terms of the consent database that that is quite a valuable asset and probably quite difficult to replicate without having the diagnostic piece. But it also seems like that's a U.S. focused asset. So can you just talk through how the combined LabCorp is working to leverage the incremental patient data that you have outside of the U.S. to deliver value to pharma?
Dave King: Yes, Amanda, good morning. It is Dave. Obviously, part of the challenge there, particularly in Europe, is the privacy regulations are much, much more complicated. So, we are working with partners to expand capabilities beyond the U.S. database, as well as to expand engagement within the U.S. database to other patient sets, and we will continue to explore that as a way to make this an even more global tool.
Deborah Keller: Amanda the only other thing I'd add is still a majority of the clinical trials are done in the United States, so it does give us an advantage for our clients.
Amanda Murphy: And then just on Beacon, also curious about your perspective longer-term in terms of expanding to additional payors and then also shifting the pricing model away from pass-through to maybe incorporate in some fashion the value-add that you are providing? Just was looking for your thoughts longer-term there?
Dave King: Yes, I think the first thing to remember about Beacon is this is something that was invented. I mean literally invented and built by the Beacon team. They have done a fantastic job bringing the vision to market, and I think we should be -- we should understand and appreciate how hard it is to start something like this up from scratch, build it, build the software tools, get client adoption. So, we're thrilled with where Beacon is today. And I think it's very important as we continue to build additional tools like genetic and molecular capabilities, further decision-support tools for physicians that we expand the scope of Beacon to include more capabilities. I remain very optimistic that there will be additional market opportunities for Beacon, and my hope is that we will have some positive developments on that in the year. And the other thing I would say in terms of the profitability is I do expect Beacon to be profitable in the nearer term as opposed to just pass through, however recognizing that it will not be as profitable ever as the core business because it is just a business of a different nature.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Nicholas Jansen of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Nicholas Jansen: Just wanted to get a better sense of the Covance revenue synergies, I think you mentioned over 190 million orders as it pertains to that $150 million bucket that you previously communicated. So, what does that order translate into revenue dollars, so we get a better sense of where we are on that front, and sitting here 12 months post transaction, how comfortable are you with the other phases of the revenue synergies? We haven't heard too many specific updates on the other pieces? Thanks.
Dave King: Good morning Nick. It's Dave. So, obviously the rate at which the orders translate to revenue depends on the progress with the pharma companies in terms of when they reach finality on what they want the drug to be developed and what the study parameters look like. So, that's probably a 12 to 18 month timeframe to actually get those orders translating into revenue, and we don't intend to update the dollars that are translating into revenue. We will just keep you advised, not specific order by order, but generally against the 150 target. On the 100 million that we talked about for companion diagnostics, I mean I think we have been very clear that we have done extremely well, and I think we in all likelihood, if I had to handicap it now, I think we will exceed that 100 million over the three-year period, just because that business has been thriving with the combined tools, and I commented on that I think at some length in the prepared remarks. I think on what we had identified as the last 50 million, which is the real-world evidence that is probably a longer-term impact just because of the number of areas in which real-world evidence is likely to be applicable. But net-net I feel very confident that what we identified as the 300 million in revenue synergies by 2018 will be accomplished.
Nicholas Jansen: And then just on the and maybe Glenn on the bad debt side, we've seen your peer also callout bad debt from an acceleration from a year-over-year perspective and I know you guys are working hard on LaunchPad to kind of offset some of that, but just maybe going to what we're seeing from a patient collectability front and how we should be thinking about bad debt over the next 12 to 18 months? Thank you.
Glenn Eisenberg: Again some of that is just seasonal, we always see our higher bad debt raise in the first quarter and then taper off throughout the rest of the year, but what was unique for this first quarter was that on a year-over-year basis instead of seeing the progress that we have been experiencing we actually saw the rate go up for the first times, and so similar to again an industry issue where we have higher patient responsibility, higher deductible plans earlier on in the year. As we look going forward while it is still expected to be a challenge. We do expect the rate to come down, we think it will be more comparable with what we experienced year-over-year. So we don't expect it to be a overall constrain on the margins, but driven by the success that we're experiencing on our LaunchPad initiatives that will only continue to accrue favorably going forward so initial in the quarter don't expect it to be one going forward but were not for the LaunchPad could be.
Dave King: And Nick it is Dave just to add a little color to that, obviously we are seeing more and more patients in high deductible plans whether through exchanges or through commercial and employer plans. So more patients in high deductibles plans means more dollars out of pocket before there is any insurance payment whatsoever. What that means is with higher deductibles higher patient responsibility at the onset of the year and then we're also seeing plans with higher co-pays and with a greater incidence of non-covered services, so between those three factors you're seeing more dollars of exposure flowing to patient and although our patient collection rate is generally very good, it's still has more dollars for the patients just puts more pressure on collecting overall, in that overall components. And as Glenn said some upward movement in the quarter but we still feel confident that for the year we will be in the same range as we were last year.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Will Quirk of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Will Quirk: First question here, on Beacon, Dave, as we think about the expansion of the program, do you think that we're going to end up going through trialing periods as this expands beyond Florida, or do you think that you can take all of the experiences learned from the initial rollout and the trialing program there and put a full program in force when you expand it?
Dave King: I think Beacon is readily scalable, and I think there have been some very good lessons learned for us in Florida, as there always is when you do something new. So, I don't anticipate a lot of difficulty in scaling the program to new markets or two new payers. Remember, it is a soft -- it is basically a software tool, and so the whole idea of Beacon was build one and use many times not have to build a bunch of customizable solutions, and I think we have done a very nice job achieving that.
Will Quirk: And then as a follow up. Just thinking a little about a couple of the macro topics obviously a lot has been said about the FDA regulation of LDTs but can you talk a little bit about kind of twisting this a little bit there might be a potential opportunity here for Covance have you guys thought about that and if so is there any way to size that potential market? Thanks.
Dave King: Well I think I guess I would say as we think about FDA regulation of LDTs, our position has been pretty clear. There may be some opportunity for Covance there although again remember that in companion diagnostics development we have supported both LDT launches and kits depending on the preference of the pharmaceutical partner and the, what they want the outcome to be so I dont think of it as, I think of it as there is a very large incremental market for companion diagnostics but I dont know that that would translate into LDTs versus I wouldnt break it down LDTs versus kits, I would just think about it as what is the global companion diagnostics opportunity look like as we know that's very, very robust.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ricky Goldwasser: I have two follow-up questions. One, on the volume side, in the prepared remarks, you talked about 3.4% increase in organic volume with some moving parts around the weather and leap year and obviously Easter. So, can you help just quantify for us what were organic volume excluding those moving parts?
Glenn Eisenberg: Hi, Ricky this is Glenn. That's right. From an organic volume standpoint, the 3.4% included the net benefits of those three items that we would say would be roughly call it, 1.5% to 2% benefit out of that 3.4%.
Ricky Goldwasser: So where should we kind of expect seeing volume continue to be in line with what they were last year on an organic basis it seemed so?
Glenn Eisenberg: That is right.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. So, then my next just follow-up relates to Covance. So, it seems that Covance's margin has expanded nicely by about 280 basis points in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. So, how does that 14.7% margin for Covance compare to your internal goals, and what is your long-term margin target for the segment?
Glenn Eisenberg: Ricky, this is Glenn. I will start and Deb may want to provide some color as well. But obviously first 200 we would say it was up 280, so we want to give them full credit for a very strong quarter in margin improvement, driven off of obviously a very strong top-line growth for the Company. There is seasonality in the rate, so we would always expect the first quarter rate for the segment to be low in the first quarter and then pick up for the year. So, from our perspective, it is continued growth in margin year over year. Given the strong demand, given the productivity, given the synergies that we are still capturing, we do expect another strong margin improvement year, and I would be remiss if Deb didn't come back and say her expectation is always to continue to drive those margins going forward. But, Deb, you may want to add some color.
Deborah Keller: Yes the only color I would add Ricky is that we had strong growth in both central labs and early development demand and both of those had nice drop through on an incremental and they were the biggest driver of our OM expansion in that coupled with our cost synergies and usually first quarter tends to be a softer quarter but we did well. So we continue to expect the full year margins to improve.
Ricky Goldwasser: So, was there any pull forward in the quarter, or should we just expect the business for the remainder of the year to continue at kind of that pace?
Dave King: There is nothing pull forward, Ricky. The synergy plan is obviously clearly laid out internally, and we didn't pull anything forward.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. 
Isaac Ro : A question on free cash flow, you guys raised guidance for revenue and EPS, and I was wondering if you could maybe break down some of the key moving parts that would explain why the free cash guidance is not also going up?
Glenn Eisenberg: Hi, Isaac this is Glenn. First, obviously, the guidance we have maintained at the call it 900 million to 950 million. When you look at the improvement in the earnings-per-share guidance, which we have taken up to $0.10, we commented around $0.05 of that was from the gain on the sale of securities from our venture fund. While we did pick up plus or minus around 15 million in cash from the sale of those securities, that does not show up in free cash flow. It is below the operating line, so that cash would not be included. So, it's really just the operating improvement impacting EPS that would be cash related. Given where we are in the year and we have a 50 million spread between the 900 million and 950 million and the fact that the first quarter is seasonally low -- we did around 52 million of our free cash versus our 900 million plus for the year -- we felt it appropriate to maintain the current level of our guidance, and then obviously after the second quarter with six months remaining, we will go ahead and revisit it.
Isaac Ro: And then a follow up on the onetime gains, can you maybe walk us through the process that you typically go through to determine when you monetize those investments and to what extent might we want to keep in mind the possibility for more of that come this year? Thank you.
Dave King: Isaac it is Dave we have a funded mix venture investments and those investments are typically in areas that we think are of either long term opportunity or things we would like to know more about or things that might be additive to our business or disruptive to our business. And any time, so for example, one of our earlier investments went public. We are not in the business of owning public -- shares in public company and so with at that point we made the decision to monetize it. We look at our return, the continued value of our investment over the long term whether we are being asked to invest more at a time that we choose to monetize and each one on a case-by-case business we make a determination of what makes sense. So there is no way to predict when these events will occur and periodically we have some losers as well as some winners and that is something we can really build into any model.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Whit Mayo of Robert Baird. Your line is now open.
Whit Mayo: I have really just got one question. I just wanted to go back to the Covance cost synergies. Just curious where you are finding most of the opportunities? Is this mostly procurement savings and whether or not you have consolidated anything on the central lab at this point and if that is an opportunity going forward?
Glenn Eisenberg: We have consolidated the Singapore central labs, and we're in the process obviously of evaluating other appropriate facility consolidations. Some of the savings this quarter come from consolidation of data centers of Covance data centers into LabCorp capabilities. I think it is very broadly based across public company costs, procurement costs, personnel costs, duplicative capabilities that can be streamlined. So, there isn't any single area to point out, other than to say that we continue to evaluate not only the Covance business, but the integrated businesses and the corporate infrastructure to identify additional opportunities.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentleman due to time constrains, we do ask that you please limit yourself to a one question at this time. And our next question comes from Gary Lieberman of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Ryan Halsted: This is Ryan Halsted in for Gary. Just my one question, on the revenue guidance update, excluding the currency impact, Covance revenue guidance is for about -- increased by 250 basis points. I was wondering if you could call out where you expect to see the majority of that growth, is it primarily from the central lab, or how should we think about that? Thanks.
Glenn Eisenberg: Hi Ryan, this is Glenn. I will at least start with the comment that -- and I think it was alluded to in opening remarks as well -- that we have been very pleased with the broad-based view of how Covance is performing across all the major business lines. When you look at the implied guidance for the rest of the year that are, call it, around 6% growth, we believe it is broad based and consistent with what Dave categorized before as normal, call it, historical growth within the segment.
Dave King: And it is Dave. We're not going to provide revenue guidance by segment within segment, so I agree with Glenn. Think of it as just -- it is broad based across the entire business.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from A.J. Rice of UBS. Your line is now open.
A.J. Rice: Just two pricing-related questions, if I've got my calculation right, your revenue per requisition in the quarter stepped up from the fourth-quarter rate to about 50 basis points to 2.7% year to year. Is that mix, or is there underlying price trend and how much you factor that into the updated guidance? And then I guess longer-term pricing, any update on the clinical lab fee schedule reset and your discussions with CMS and Congress?
Glenn Eisenberg: Hi A.J., I will start with just the price mix comment. It is primarily mix related. Obviously, we benefited from acquisitions that have mixed us up. Plus, we talked about in the mix within our test group. Pricing has been relatively stable, which is a positive. We also do have some LaunchPad initiatives that are targeted to the pricing side, but overall we would say that the increase that you saw within the price mix is primarily mix related.
Dave King: And A.J., it is Dave. On PAMA, as you probably saw this week, the -- a notice was filed in the Federal Register indicating that the final rule has gone over to OMB for review. So there obviously has been a step forward by CMS. We don't have insight into what is in the final rule, but hopefully it has addressed a couple of the major issues with the definition of applicable labs and some of the other things that we highlighted. We continue to work with CMS and obviously with all of the constituencies in Congress on both the definitional and the timeline for implementation and, again, highlight the letter from Senator Hatch and Senator Wyden, as well as the letter from 26, I believe, members of the House and other members of the Senate, indicating that a January 2017 implementation date was -- is not practical. We fully agree with that, and we hope and expect that CMS will be taking a practical and reasonable approach.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brian Tanquilut: Glenn, just really quick on G&A, it ticked up quite a bit sequentially. How should we think about that over the course of the year?
Glenn Eisenberg: Just to your point, it is obviously going to fluctuate quarter to quarter, but as you think about it for the full year, we do expect to see leverage from G&A. We benefited on a pro forma basis year over year, even in the first quarter, but fairly nominally. So we did see a tick-up in unallocated corporate expenses, which was one of the constraints, if you will. But as we target, call it, the roughly 1.5% of our revenues for that category, we were high for the quarter, but for the full year, we expect to be at that, call it, plus or minus 1.5% level.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Donald Hooker of KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Donald Hooker: Maybe just one general question while we have Deb here. When you look at -- when you talk about mobile devices in clinical trials and regulatory issues around that, where exactly are we in using -- broadly speaking, using that mobile devices in different ways in clinical trials and maybe one or two areas where you think would be the biggest source of upside using these Internet-enabled mobile devices?
Deborah Keller: Well, that's a very broad question, so I'll give you a couple of specific answers. One, they're used in clinical trials mainly around patient centricity making it easier for a patient to participate and adhere to the protocol and to do some monitoring but right now what we're working with clients is to develop that because the data has to come in from these different devices and then be put into a system which then could potentially go into a filing, so that's what we're working on, on validating for our clients. So there are a lot of opportunities but I would say the first priority is probably around patient centricity.
Dave King: And it's Dave, I fully agree with Deb, I think also as we think about the mobile suite that we launched one of the critical components is to make sure that the devices that are being used are validated and accurate because there's nothing worse than patients using mobile devices and providing information obviously that's either not validated or that varies from device to device. So that's going to be an important component of use of mobile devices in clinical trials as we go forward and we're pleased that we have the launch the tools to be able to help our clients with that.
Deborah Keller: It's a nice adjacency to our core competency of clinical trials, and we do so many validations so we have the regulatory expertise to solve the validation experience, so it's been a nice offering for us.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Mark Massaro of Canaccord. Your line is now open.
Mark Massaro: A question for Dave, how do you prioritize M&A between diagnostic and drug developments? And then more specifically, as you think about your core diagnostics business, recently you had a deal in the women's health space, but again how do you prioritize women's health over oncology or NGS? And then maybe a final comment on multiples would be great. Thanks.
Dave King: Well, we have a rigorous process for looking at acquisitions, and it doesn't center on whether it is a diagnostics or a drug development acquisition. It centers on, first of all, does it fit one of our three strategic priorities, which is we have talked about is being the world's leading provider of diagnostic solutions, number one; number two, bringing novel medicines to patients faster; and number three, using technology and tools to transform the way that care is delivered? So, anything we do has to fit within those three basic parameters. The next thing we look at is, does it enhance our capabilities in a meaningful way, whether those are existing capabilities, whether they are add-on capabilities that we need to be better at the business. And then is it -- or geographic capabilities. So, it could be footprint. It could be test menu. It could be incremental capabilities that support one or the other of the businesses. Then we look at price, multiples, return on invested capital, IRR, discounted cash flows, all the basic acquisition metrics. And, so, the question what are we prioritizing, the nice thing about our position now is that there are many, many opportunities to deploy capital towards acquisitions, and yet our businesses are performing extremely well. And so there is no major gap that we need to fill. And, so, I don't think I can answer the question, what is the highest priority. The highest priority is high value high return deals that are going to fit our strategic framework.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. King for closing remarks.
Dave King: Thank you, all. As you're aware, Jay Boyle recently retired as Executive Vice President and CEO of LabCorp Diagnostics. I'd like to say a few words in appreciation of Jay's many contributions to LabCorps successes over the past decade. I've known and worked with Jay for more than 15 years, he has been an exceptional lawyer and colleague but also a trusted advisor. Jay served with great distinction in all of his roles at LabCorp including legal, managed care Chief Operating Officer, and most recently CEO of LabCorp Diagnostics, among Jay's many achievements was his instrumental role in negotiating our industry changing contract with United Healthcare which was a critical step for us in becoming the largest laboratory company in the world. Under Jay's steady leadership LabCorp executed brilliantly on our strategic priorities of growing the business, establishing deeper partnerships with managed care and improving customer service. As outstanding and executive as he has been Jay is at the same time an exceptional person, there are legions of LabCorp employees including, who have benefited from Jay's vice council, his extraordinary generosity and his big heart, on behalf of all of our 50,000 employees around the globe, I'd like to thank Jay for his contributions to LabCorp and wish him well on his retirement. And with that we thank you for joining our call this morning and wish you a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Surdez - Vice President, Investor Relations David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Glenn A. Eisenberg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Deborah L. Keller - Chief Executive Officer, Covance Drug Development, Covance, Inc. James T. Boyle - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer, LabCorp Diagnostics, Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings
Analysts: Lisa Christine Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Michael Cherny - Evercore ISI Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Robert McEwen Willoughby - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Jason Plagman - Jefferies LLC William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Donald H. Hooker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Mark Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Laboratory Corporation of America Q4 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Paul Surdez, Vice President-Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead. And now turn it over to your host.
Paul Surdez - Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's fourth quarter and full year 2015 conference call. As detailed in today's press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. With me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jay Boyle, CEO of LabCorp Diagnostics, and Deborah Keller, CEO of Covance Drug Development. In addition to our press release, we also filed a Form 8-K this morning that includes additional financial information. Both are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com and include a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. Finally, we're making forward-looking statements during today's call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2014 10-K and our subsequent filings with the SEC, and will be included in our 2015 10-K. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Paul, and good morning. 2015 was a transformative year for LabCorp. We delivered a strong operating performance and created the world's leading healthcare diagnostics company through the acquisition of Covance. We now have employees in approximately 60 countries, generate nearly 20% of our revenue from outside the United States, and are well positioned to compete in a number of attractive global markets. Specifically, our addressable market now extends beyond the roughly $70 billion North American clinical lab industry and includes global opportunities in our core laboratory business, drug development, food safety, and market access. With the Covance acquisition, our company now competes worldwide in a growing addressable market of approximately $200 billion. Our financial performance in 2015 reflects our larger footprint and broader capabilities. The combined organization delivered strong revenue growth and margin expansion in 2015, with nearly $1.5 billion in adjusted operating income, double-digit earnings growth, and over $720 million in free cash flow. In 2016, we expect our free cash flow to exceed $900 million with attractive opportunities to enhance our market position and create shareholder value through capital deployment. Our guidance reflects our confidence that LabCorp Diagnostics will deliver another strong year, and that Covance Drug Development will continue its solid momentum into 2016. Our success is due to execution of our strategy to improve health and improve lives. Our execution on three key strategic objectives, delivering world class diagnostics, bringing innovative medicines to patients faster, and changing the way care is provided led to these impressive results, reinforcing our conviction in the transformation that we undertook a year ago with the Covance acquisition. I will discuss each objective and how we are differentiating ourselves in the marketplace. First to deliver world class diagnostics, we focus on organic growth through introducing new tests to our existing customers as well as through reaching new customers, channels, and markets. We also focused on integrating diagnostic information and content and continuing our industry leadership in scientific innovation. Finally through disciplined capital deployment, we acquired complementary businesses that enhance our offerings. Last year, we expanded our test menu with the introduction of 75 new assays and accelerated next-generation sequencing capabilities. We experienced strong demand for our innovative decision support tools, delivering over 5 million enhanced reports to help customers manage health and important conditions such as chronic kidney disease, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes. We also added complementary capabilities through targeted tuck-in acquisitions, such as Safe Foods, a premier food safety laboratory that expands our size and reach in the fast-growing global food safety arena. In addition, we progressed on a number of important consumer facing initiatives, including our Patient Portal, Lab-In-An-Envelope offering, and consumer-initiated testing, and we remain enthusiastic about their long-term impact on our business. Our strength in science is highlighted by our differentiated capabilities and unparalleled experience in companion diagnostics, which provides a sustainable competitive advantage. Over the last six months, three very important oncology companion diagnostics received FDA approval. For each one, we were the exclusive laboratory to partner on the clinical trials and support the regulatory submissions. In addition, we were among the first labs to launch these tests for commercial distribution. Our ability to collaborate with sponsors at all stages of companion diagnostic development through Covance and commercialization through LabCorp gives us a preferred offering that is improving the lives and health of patients and translating to robust financial growth. Our companion diagnostic franchise achieved double-digit growth in 2015, and we remain confident that we will deliver $100 million in incremental revenue in companion diagnostics through 2018. For our second objective, bringing innovative medicines to patients faster, we are focused on commercialization of novel technology, helping partners rethink their global R&D decisions and disciplined capital deployment to build and acquire complementary capabilities. We collaborated on 87% of the 45 new drugs that were approved by FDA last year. Within oncology, we collaborated on 100% of the new drugs that were approved. It is noteworthy that these collaborations included all aspects of our full spectrum of drug development services, from early development to central lab to clinical. These outstanding results demonstrate the breadth of our capabilities and the power of our combined company to provide differentiated end-to-end solutions designed to improve the success of clinical trials, reduce development timelines and consistently deliver the highest quality services at a competitive price point. Our differentiation extends to our combined central lab, which is recognized as the industry leader in revenue, scale, service, quality and breadth of test menu. During the quarter, this business grew double-digits and secured a multi-year sole-source relationship with a large new customer, bringing great momentum as we move into 2016. We continue to lead the industry in using patient data to improve trial recruitment. Through the end of 2015, we attribute over $130 million in new orders to our backlog due to the combination of LabCorp patient data and Covance's capabilities. Our success spans multiple indications, including oncology and infectious disease, and includes wins from both new and existing customers. In the fourth quarter, we began soliciting patient consent to be contacted about potential trials through our Patient Portal. The initial response to our outreach has been excellent, as tens of thousands of patients have already consented, and we expect this database of patients to rapidly grow. This capability is unique and allows us to build a large cohort of potential candidates for clinical trials, Phase IV studies, observational trials, and a host of other real-world applications. It plainly highlights the power of our data and our combined entity. For our third objective, to change the way care is provided, we are focused on commercializing our innovative technology-enabled solutions. We are pleased with the initial successes of Beacon LBS and Xcellerate Monitoring. Beacon LBS uses technology to improve decision-making about laboratory test ordering at the point of care and began generating revenue in 2015. Xcellerate Monitoring leverages the power of actionable data to better manage clinical trials. And in 2015, we announced a landmark multi-year agreement to deploy this product as an exclusive central monitoring solution for our customers' worldwide trials. These solutions delivered great value to our partners in 2015, and we expect to expand their capabilities and utilization in 2016. LabCorp looks very different from a year ago, and we have taken profound steps to transform our company and differentiate ourselves from our competitors. I am deeply appreciative and gratified by the focus, performance and enthusiasm that my 50,000 colleagues around the globe brought to our work throughout the past year. The acquisition of Covance created a unique business with extraordinary capabilities and significant global growth opportunities. Our execution has resulted in impressive and financially measurable progress on our strategy, and I expect this progress to continue in 2016. Now I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Dave. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our fourth quarter results followed by a discussion of our LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development segments, and conclude with our 2016 guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $2.2 billion, an increase of 48% over last year. The acquisition of Covance contributed $670 million during the quarter, driving 44% year-over-year revenue growth. The remainder of the increase was driven by organic volume growth across both core and esoteric testing, as well as benefits from Beacon LBS, price mix, and tuck-in acquisitions that were partially offset by currency. Gross profit for the quarter was $741 million, or 33% of revenue, compared to $547 million, or 36.1% last year. The increase in gross profit was due primarily to the acquisition of Covance as well as price mix, organic volume, and the benefits of Project LaunchPad, partially offset by personnel costs and currency. The decline in gross margin was due to the mix impact of Covance. Excluding Covance, gross margin would've increased 10 basis points over last year. SG&A for the quarter was $405 million, or 18% of revenue, compared to $310 million, or 20.5%, last year. Excluding special charges of $32 million, primarily related to the acquisition of Covance and legal costs, SG&A in the quarter was $373 million, or 16.6% of revenue, a 300 basis point reduction versus last year's adjusted SG&A. The increase in SG&A was primarily due to Covance, personnel costs and tuck-in acquisitions, partially offset by Project LaunchPad savings. The reduction in SG&A as a percent of revenue benefited from Covance's lower SG&A rate. Excluding Covance, SG&A would've improved 20 basis points over last year. During the quarter, we recorded $54 million of restructuring charges primarily relating to Covance. Amortization expense for the quarter was $38 million, up from $15 million a year ago due to the impact of acquisitions. Operating income for the quarter was $244 million, or 10.8% of revenue, compared to $219 million, or 14.5% last year. Excluding amortization, restructuring, and special items of $125 million, adjusted operating income was $368 million, or 16.4% of revenue, compared to $250 million, or 16.5% last year. Excluding the mix impact from Covance, adjusted operating margin would've increased 20 basis points over last year. Interest expense for the quarter was $57 million compared to $32 million last year. The increase was due to higher debt balances due to the acquisition of Covance. The tax rate for the quarter was 38.5%, higher than last year's 36.1% rate due to the taxable nature of certain restructuring charges. Excluding special charges and amortization, the adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 34.1% compared to 36.5% last year as we benefited from Covance, which has a higher percentage of its earnings generated in lower tax rate foreign jurisdictions. For the full year, our adjusted tax rate was 35.3% and we expect the rate in 2016 to be comparable. As a result, net earnings for the quarter were $114 million, or $1.11 per diluted share, compared to $120 million, or $1.39 per share last year. Excluding amortization, restructuring and other special items, adjusted EPS were $1.98 in the quarter, up 20% from $1.65 last year. During the quarter, operating cash flow was $385 million compared to $214 million last year with the increase due to the acquisition of Covance as well as favorable working capital. Capital expenditures totaled $85 million, up from $46 million last year, primarily due to Covance. As a result, free cash flow was $300 million compared to $167 million last year, bringing our full year free cash flow to $727 million. Excluding net nonrecurring acquisition items of approximately $110 million, our full year free cash flow would have been $837 million. Our cash balance at year-end was $716 million compared to $713 million at the end of the third quarter. Total debt was approximately $6.4 billion. During the quarter, we invested $43 million in acquisitions, and paid down $250 million of debt, reducing the company's leverage to 3.6 times debt to last 12 months pro forma EBITDA. Now, I'll review our segment performance. For comparative purposes, segment results are presented on a pro forma basis for all periods, as if the acquisition of Covance closed on January 1, 2014, and exclude amortization, restructuring, special items and unallocated corporate expenses. During the quarter, we revived our methodology for the calculation of unallocated corporate expenses which impacts our LabCorp Diagnostics segment results and has been applied to prior periods for comparative purposes. As a result, LabCorp Diagnostics' operating expenses increased by $8.5 million in the quarter and would have increased $7.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. Conversely, unallocated corporate expenses were reduced by $8.5 million in the quarter and would have been reduced by $7.6 million in the fourth quarter 2014. Reconciliations of segment results to historically reported results are included in today's press release and the current report filed today on Form 8-K. Now I will review the performance of LabCorp Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $1.6 billion, an increase of 4.3% over last year. The increase in revenue was the result of organic volume growth measured by requisitions, Beacon LBS, price mix and tuck-in acquisitions partially offset by currency. The increase in revenue of 4.3% includes the benefit from Beacon LBS of 1.1% and an unfavorable foreign currency translation of 0.8%. Revenue per requisition increased 2.2%, benefiting from price mix and tuck-in acquisitions. In addition, esoteric testing revenue grew at a faster rate than core testing revenue. Total volume increased by 1.8%, of which organic volume was 1.6% and acquisition volume was 0.2%. LabCorp Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $293 million, or 18.9% of revenue, compared to $273 million, or 18.4%, last year. The increase was primarily due to volume, price mix and productivity, partially offset by personnel costs. Improvement in productivity was driven by Project LaunchPad, which delivered approximately $20 million of net savings during the quarter, bringing our full year total to $65 million. We remain on track to achieve our three-year $150 million goal and estimate that the remaining LaunchPad savings will be achieved equally over the next two years. Now, I'll review the performance of Covance Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $691 million, an increase of 4.7% over last year. The stronger U.S. dollar negatively impacted revenue growth by approximately 230 basis points. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased 7% over last year. In addition, the anticipated expiration of the Sanofi site support agreement on October 31, impacted revenue growth by approximately 200 basis points. Excluding this item, constant currency revenue would have increased 9% over last year. Covance Drug Development had strong revenue growth across all of its businesses, led by central lab. In addition, the revenue growth rate in the clinical business improved from the third quarter, as did the rate in early development when excluding the impact from the expiration of the Sanofi site support agreement. Adjusted operating income was $110 million or 16.0% of revenue, compared to $90 million, or 13.6% last year. The increase in operating income and margin was primarily due to increased demand as well as productivity and cost synergies, partially offset by personnel costs. We captured approximately $15 million of cost synergies during the quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to $45 million. We remain on track to achieve our three-year $100 million goal and estimate that the remaining cost synergies will be achieved equally over the next two years. Net orders during the quarter were $816 million, representing a net book-to-bill of 1.18, while backlog at year end was $6.7 billion. The trailing 12-month net book-to-bill was 1.23. Now, I'll review our 2016 guidance, which assumes January 31 foreign exchange rates for all of 2016. On a consolidated reported basis, we expect net revenue growth of 7.5% to 9.5% over 2015 net revenue of $8.5 billion, after the impact from approximately 100 basis points of negative currency. We expect the LabCorp Diagnostics segment to grow 3.5% to 5.5% over 2015 pro forma revenue of $6.2 billion, after the impact from approximately 50 basis points of negative currency. We expect the Covance Drug Development segment to grow 2% to 5% over 2015 pro forma revenue of $2.6 billion, after the impact from approximately 200 basis points of negative currency. The expiration of the Sanofi site support agreement will negatively impact Covance's 2016 growth rate by approximately 260 basis points. Excluding the impact from currency and the expiration of the Sanofi site support agreement, net revenue is expected to increase 6.6% to 9.6%. Our 2016 adjusted EPS guidance is $8.45 to $8.85, an increase of 7% to 12% over 2015. We expect the distribution of earnings in 2016 to be similar to 2015 as our results in the first and fourth quarters are typically impacted by inclement weather and holidays. Our adjusted EPS guidance includes the impact of currency and an increase in our share count due to stock compensation and option exercises but does not include any share repurchases. We expect free cash flow to be between $900 million and $950 million, up from $727 million in 2015, and expect our capital expenditures to be approximately 3% of net revenue, consistent with 2015. In summary, we are enthusiastic about our prospects for 2016 and expect strong top-line growth and margin improvement to drive strong year-over-year earnings per share growth and robust free cash flow. This concludes our formal remarks, and we'll now take questions. Operator?
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Lisa Christine Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, and thank you. I just had a couple of quick follow-up questions around your revenue guidance. First, can you maybe break down what your expectations are on the Diagnostics side between volume and price? And Dave, maybe just give us an update as to what you're seeing out in the marketplace as far as commercial reimbursement. We obviously know what's going on with PAMA, but any update around your thoughts on the commercial reimbursement environment?
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Lisa. We don't separately break out volume and price in the guidance, so we can't give you any further clarity on that. With respect to commercial reimbursement generally, I think the environment in terms of pricing continues to be relatively stable. We saw nice revenue per requisition improvement year-over-year in the quarter and for the third quarter in a row. And as Glenn identified in his remarks, that's a combination of tests mix and core, esoteric growing faster than core and the benefit of some tuck-in acquisitions that brought us some higher pricing. So generally pleased with the overall pricing and reimbursement environment, and pleased with obviously the improvement in revenue per requisition in the quarter.
Lisa Christine Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then how about on the Covance side? So 2% to 5%, I know last year, Dave, that you announced that at our conference there was something that was signed on the Covance side. Is there any update there? Maybe update us on the revenue synergies and how those are coming along. And then also just help us understand what potentially gets you to the upper end of that revenue guidance range.
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. So with respect to the revenue synergies, as we indicated on the call, now over $130 million in what we described as category 1 which is the use of the patient data, and I continue to be quite optimistic about that given the success that we've had with the patient recruitment through the Patient Portal. As we mentioned, tens of thousands of patients have already agreed to be re-contacted. It gives us a deep base of patients to  that we can contact for potential trials, which I think will be a differentiator in terms of winning revenue over time, winning commitments from sponsors over time. Obviously central labs, very, very strong in the quarter, and very pleased with the growth and the momentum that we have going into the year. And we saw a nice improvement in revenue in the clinical business. We saw, I think we're seeing very good success in our early development solutions. And I would highlight again the companion diagnostics and our success in companion diagnostics. Nobody else can say that they had  that they were the exclusive lab on the three key oncology  immuno-oncology drugs that were approved in the market over the last six months. Nobody else can say they worked on 87% of the drugs that were approved or on 100% of the oncology drugs. It's just something that completely sets us apart from the market. So what gets us to the high-end would be stronger performance in the clinical business, and obviously the mix of business wins, because longer, more complex trials that pay us a longer stream of revenue with a better mix, will lead to more profit, and that will get us to the higher end of the revenue range and obviously help us also approach the higher end of the EPS range. So I said a lot there, but, Deb, if you have anything to add, happy to have you add as well.
Deborah L. Keller - Chief Executive Officer, Covance Drug Development, Covance, Inc.: No, I think, Dave, the point that you made about the wins that we've had because of the clinical data, as well as the strength we've had in central labs, early development continues to do well. With the capacity utilization strong in the U.S. and in China we've got some additional space, in Europe, and we continue to look at innovative ways in which we can be (27:02) comfortable with our space to kind of meet the changing demand in the early development space. And then last but not least, as you mentioned, the mix of studies, whether it's where they are geographically or therapeutically also, can have an impact.
Lisa Christine Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And, Deb, if I can just ask one follow-up. If we look at what's going on, on the biotech side right now, we think about new companies trying to come to market and obviously this is a difficult market for biotech companies. Are you seeing any impact on these new emerging companies as far as your pipeline goes?
Deborah L. Keller - Chief Executive Officer, Covance Drug Development, Covance, Inc.: Most of our business, 85% of our business comes from the large pharmaceutical companies. And that continues to be strong. As far as biotech, they are a very important part of the drug development process obviously, and somewhat of an innovation engine for pharma. We believe that the cash on hand remains at high levels and we've had nice wins from the biotech industry this year, specifically in our early development, but across all of our segments.
Lisa Christine Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello with Craig-Hallum. Your line is now open.
William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Hey. Yes, thanks. Just a question, you mentioned that you added a large multi-year contract with a new central lab customer. Can you give us a bit more color on that contract? If it's for a specific project? Does it go across projects? Is it an exclusive relationship? And then maybe just what you believe drove the win? Why did they decide to contract with you?
Deborah L. Keller - Chief Executive Officer, Covance Drug Development, Covance, Inc.: Yes. Good morning. Well, first of all, we don't comment on a specific client, but what I will tell you is that it is a multi-year sole source, and what that means is that we'll not only be the sole source provider for the central laboratory, but also for the bio-analytical. It was tough from a competitive standpoint, but how Covance eventually won that sole source was based on our first of all our operational service excellence and our breadth of testing menu as well as our global reach.
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And, Bill, it's Dave. I would comment, it's a new client for us, so that's really a positive development. And also, I think in large measure, it's attributable to the combination of capabilities. I mean, the LabCorp esoteric capabilities, so we start with Covance's global reach and the strong reputation for quality and service. And then add to that, LabCorp esoteric capabilities, the next gen sequencing capabilities, we really present a very compelling value proposition. And as we've gone head-to-head with competitors for these agreements, we've been very pleased that in situations like this we come away with the wins.
William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Okay. Great. Can I sneak in one follow-up?
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, one.
William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Thank you. Also related to Covance, obviously the revenue side is looking great, the outlook there. Now that you've had Covance sort of under your belt for a year, can you tell us what your latest thoughts are on your initial synergy targets? Whether those are looking more or less conservative? And then whether you see any efficiency opportunities at Covance sort of beyond those initial synergies?
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Bill, it's Dave. So as we mentioned in the call, we've achieved $45 million of the synergy  of the $100 million that we initially set out as our target. So I think for year one, that's a very strong performance against the target. And we remain committed to achieving the $100 million, and as Glenn said, approximately 50/50 over the next two years. Having said that, we always look to outperform on the synergies, and we always look for the opportunity to improve efficiency and productivity, but along with that, just as with Project LaunchPad, to improve the employee and customer experience. So I certainly think there will be opportunities as we progress and particularly as we even more comprehensively integrate the capabilities of the organizations around oncology, for example and around infectious disease to find more savings and we'll obviously keep you closely updated as we move forward.
William Bishop Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Michael Cherny - Evercore ISI: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the details so far.
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Michael Cherny - Evercore ISI: So I'll try and keep to my one question here. It might have a couple parts to it, so bear with me. The cash flow generation profile here continues to be robust. Obviously it was as a standalone company, now you're starting to see the benefits from being a pro pharma (32:14) company being able to generate even further cash. As you think about that cash flow generation particularly now as you're getting towards the leverage level which I know, Glenn, you're probably a little more comfortable with. You contrast against the backdrop of an uncertain market environment for a vast majority of the smaller players in the market given the questions about PAMA, the broad views on utilization, how is that affecting your M&A pipeline? How is that affecting the type of deals that are being presented to you given that you have a very active BD (32:44) portfolio? And how do you think over time that will evolve, particularly if we do move to a situation where the PAMA revisions do not change and a lot of these small labs don't have the capabilities to be able to address what the reimbursement cuts could be?
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Mike, good morning. It's Dave. I think obviously the cash flow generation is very impressive. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, over $900 million projected for next year. I think the M&A pipeline right now is as robust as we've ever seen it. Part of that is because we are looking at M&A in other areas where we see the opportunity for fast growth, like the food business with the Safe Foods transaction. But we also  we see a lot available in the tuck-in opportunities, in the diagnostics space. And we plan to be very disciplined in terms of what we buy and how that fits into our core strategy, which as we've said many times, around diagnostics M&A is expansion of footprint, expansion of test menu, and continuing to build size and scale in the franchise. So we feel great about the M&A pipeline and we certainly have plans to  as we've said frequently in the past, our guidance always assumes that we're going to acquire about 1% of rev  that we're going to do tuck-in acquisitions that will account for about 1% revenue growth and that's certainly in the plan for the year, and I think there is ample opportunity to execute on that.
Michael Cherny - Evercore ISI: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Nice quarter, guys. I similarly have one question, two parts. Maybe for Dave, just curious what your views are on the volume environment on the lab side of the business. The organic volumes, it looked like it pulled back a little bit, just pairing that against what you're hearing from the hospitals, what your view is for 2015, or for 2016? And then for Glenn, just surprised we're not seeing a little bit more gross margin leverage given the pricing benefit. I was wondering if you could walk us through that, too. Thanks.
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jack. It's Dave. So I think what we have said all year long about volume is that we knew that we were going to see a step down in volume from the first half to the second half because of the annualization of the contracts, and obviously we highlighted that. It hasn't been a secret, and that's been the case. I think if you look sequentially from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, taking into account the differential in the number of days in the quarter, that volume per day was actually quite consistent. And so we are pleased with the volume and we are pleased with the organic volume growth that we delivered throughout 2015. For 2016, I think our volume projections, and obviously we've seen some things coming out of the hospitals that suggest that hospital volumes have been bouncing around. But I think our volume projections for 2016 suggest that we would expect to see a continuation of what we've kind of seen here in 3Q and 4Q, absent some large contract winner, some shift in the marketplace; you're going to see volume, organic volume continue to grow at kind of this 1.5% to 2% rate depending on the ups and downs and ins and outs. So I think we've been obviously delivering very, very solid volume growth and we expect to continue to do so. And in particular, proud of the fact that the great majority of that volume growth is coming from organic growth, which means the introduction of new tests, our sales efforts and our organizational leadership is extremely effective. Glenn?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Jack, I guess just on the leverage in the margins, first we think we obviously had a very strong year on leveraging our top line. Margins overall were up around 110 basis points year-over-year, 47% leverage on the incremental revenues is pretty strong on a pro forma basis. That improvement in margins was across both gross profit and SG&A. So when we talked about the margin improvement that we had excluding Covance, to show that it was a mix impact, when you look at both segments on a pro forma basis, you actually see both segments seeing very strong margin growth. So we characterize it as a pretty strong year, benefiting from the strong demand, benefiting from price mix, if you will, benefiting from the tuck-ins, benefiting from our LaunchPad initiative, our synergy initiative on the Covance side. So overall we would characterize it as very good leverage.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Nicholas Jansen with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes. Two very quick ones. First on the Beacon LBS, just wanted to get your thoughts of kind of the expansion potential of that platform. And then secondly, back to capital allocation, with $900 million plus of free cash flow in 2016 and probably certainly growing in 2017, how do we think about the share repurchase opportunity now that you are, I would assume by the end of 2016 you will be within shouting distance of your kind of approaching 2.5 times leverage target? Thanks.
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Nick, it's Dave. On Beacon LBS, the strategy across the enterprise is consistent, right? It's new customers, new channels, new markets. And so for Beacon LBS, the expansion opportunities in 2016 are new markets with the existing customer, which is United, new customers, which are other organizations that may be interested in subscribing to the tool, and new channels, which is the addition of more capabilities such as molecular diagnostics to the menu. And all those things are underway, and we feel very good about where we are with Beacon LBS. And it's been, this is a service that the Beacon LBS team within LabCorp has really invented, created, designed, and implemented, and I am really proud of them, and they should be really proud of themselves about what they've accomplished, because it's terrific. And it's generating a fairly significant amount of revenue now, and we see the opportunity for great growth there. On capital allocation, we have said many times that our target leverage is 2.5 times; that is only a target. We are always going to be flexible in terms of looking at how we allocate capital. We do expect that by the second half of the year we will certainly be in a position to consider returning capital to shareholders through share repurchase. And again, it depends on the M&A pipeline, depends on how the cash flow stacks up, but we'll always be evaluating that opportunity. As you know, I think we've had a pretty consistent history of share repurchase as a way of returning capital and creating value for shareholders.
Nicholas M. Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, guys. Thank you. I wanted to ask a couple of technology questions actually this morning. First off, I thought it was notable that you went through some commentary on the companion diagnostics opportunity, I think you said $100 million by 2018, and I just want to kind of confirm that you guys were talking about that $100 million as sort of an annual run rate that you look to achieve by that time. And if so, should we assume those revenues are accretive to the EBIT margins for the company?
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Isaac, what we said was that we expect it to generate $100 million in incremental revenue for the enterprise by 2018. So we haven't talked about the run rate of the companion diagnostics business specifically other than to say we had double-digit growth in 2015, which we are very pleased with. But we don't want to confuse the $100 million in incremental revenue which was the initial target that we set out a year ago for the companion diagnostic growth with the size of the business, because the size of the business is already actually quite close to that number.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay. And then just maybe from a biotech standpoint, we've  I think the question has been asked a couple of different ways, but I'm wondering if you could maybe benchmark for us historically when you've seen slowdowns in funding how you guys think about the impact that has on the Covance side? Is there a sort of magnitude of funding slowdown or a timing there that we should keep in mind to the extent that this is a fluid environment for that customer group and the impact on the Covance business? Thank you.
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, I just go back to what Deb said. I think she covered it quite comprehensively. There's billions of dollars in cash on the balance sheets of biotech, and when there's a good compound that a company is looking at, it doesn't get canceled because of lack of funding. There's always a way to find funding for it. Compounds or studies get canceled because of adverse events or because of a change in focus, but we don't see the "funding" environment as having any near-term effect on where we are with Covance at all. And again, as Deb highlighted, 85% of our revenue is coming from what we would characterize as large pharma, so the exposure to biotech is only about 15% of total Covance revenue.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Willoughby with Credit Suisse [sic] (Bank of America). Your line is now open.
Robert McEwen Willoughby - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, Dave or Glenn, in the 8-K, it looks like you break out Covance at about 31% of your revenues now, but is that including some of the non-government facing business, the non-managed care business as well, the forensics, the substance abuse testing? If not, what could that percentage all-in represent?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, all of, Robert, all the revenue streams that we have obviously flow into the two segments, so everything is encompassed there.
Robert McEwen Willoughby - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So the non-traditional businesses are 31% then of your revenues?
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, no, the 31% is the Covance business. The non-traditional  so the way it sorts out, Bob, is that anything that reports into Diagnostics is reported as part of Diagnostics, so the forensics, the Orchid Cellmark, all that stuff reports in through Diagnostics, and that's part of the  that's part of what we report as Diagnostics. The only thing that has changed in the way that we have historically reported is what used to be reported as part of LabCorp in the clinical trials business, which was our central lab, has moved over to Covance, and what used to be reported as the Covance Food Safety and Nutritional Chemistry business is now reporting up through LabCorp. And you think of that in approximate terms as we've put a little more into Covance than has come over to Diagnostics, but not materially so.
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: (45:06)
Robert McEwen Willoughby - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, I guess what I'm trying to get at, Dave, when you did the Covance deal, there was a slide I think that you threw out that a certain percentage of your revenues was now away from where maybe the problem was from a reimbursement standpoint, government standpoint, what have you. I'm trying to get at how much of your business now with Covance growing with the Orchid, the Bode deals and the other things. Is it 35% or closer to 40% now that might be away from traditional managed care pressures and maybe government reimbursement challenges?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, just take a first cut, I think maybe what you're getting at is with the acquisition of Covance, we picked up a lot of pharma and biotech customers that we didn't have that now represents, call it around 30% of our total. So by definition, call the government reimbursement side is a lower percentage given we've added new customer base.
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we can, I think we actually published a chart that shows those percentages, Bob, and we'll get that up. But my recollection is pure government went from like 17% to 12%, and managed-care went from a little over 50% to about 30%. So say we went from 67%, approximately 67% to approximately 42% in terms of managed-care and government payment across the enterprise. Does that help?
Robert McEwen Willoughby - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, I will follow up with you. I've got to go back and find the initial slide. But that is clear. Thank you.
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. I just had a question on the patients database that you spoke to. So I'm wondering at this point how much of a limitation, if at all, the consent issue has been in terms of your ability to mine the data and productize the data side. So in other words, as you build that database, could you see acceleration in bookings as a result of your ability to have the consents there? And at what point does the database have critical mass? I realize it's growing quickly, but at what point does it become sizable enough that it would move the needle?
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I guess there's a lot in that question. So let me start by saying that monetizing the data in and of itself has never been something that has been an aspiration for LabCorp. We don't view data sales as  it's not going to generate enough revenue to materially help us, and it's not what we want to do strategically. What we want to do is we want to use the data to further the strategy, and the strategy obviously is to execute on our three core goals, which is delivering world class diagnostics, bringing innovative medicines to patients faster, and using technology enabled solutions to change the way the care is delivered. What I see in getting patient consent through the Patient Portal is, we have patients who come to us for lab testing. They come to the Patient Portal to get their results. When they come to the portal, we are now addressing the patient population in a place that we've never addressed them before and that no one else is addressing them to say, given your diagnosis, given what we know about you, would you be interested in being contacted in the event there was a study that could potentially improve your own health or could improve the health of the population as a whole? And the response has been very positive. And as I say, we launched it in 4Q, tens of thousands of patients have encountered the prompt. A lot have said yes. Some have had said no. We are working on figuring out how we can improve the yes rate. But, and again, this is not as simple as when you go to download an update to your Apple phone and you either say yes and you get it, or no you don't. There has been a rigorous compliance review, there are protections around how we present this to the patient and what we ask them, and we've gone through a very thorough review to make sure that we're doing this in a way that is going to be protective of the patients' privacy, and our responsibility to honor that. Now again, what does that lead to? It leads to a large database of patients which can be accessed for a variety of things, clinical studies, Phase IV, observational studies, reaching out to patients to ask them questions about medication use or medication adherence. So just a whole variety of areas in which we think this becomes a differentiating factor because we have the patients' consent to re-contact them. So I would contrast that with an anecdote that was told to me recently, which is a patient got a letter in the mail from a pharmacy saying, since you are taking this drug, would you like to be in this trial? Well, the patient was taking the drug for a completely different reason, and was annoyed by the letter. Because the patient had never given the pharmacy permission to write them letters and ask them about what they want to do because of their use of drugs. We get the patients' consent beforehand before we ever re-contact them, and we ask for it. And as a result, I think we're going to have a very, a cohort that's going to be very interested in how they might participate. And, sure, in the long run the goal is, that would lead us to more bookings, it would lead us to more opportunity to show sponsors that we have a good patient cohort available when they start recruiting and would lead to more revenue and growth.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. You had about $110 million of acquisition or integration costs this year, where do you see that next year and maybe the year after?
Glenn A. Eisenberg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, when you say the integration, we have costs from integrating the business as well as primarily relating as well to the Sanofi site support agreement that's now expired, and we are going through a restructuring there. So we still anticipate having integration restructuring costs in 2016, but a much lower level than what we've had this year, and then those ultimately will go away.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then maybe some color on the esoteric growth front? Maybe more detail in terms of where it's coming from specifically? And then how does that break out from, growth from what you're already doing versus acquisitions that you've made?
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The biggest areas of growth in esoteric, probably women's health, NIPT, continuing to see good momentum with BRCA, and infectious disease. So those are probably what I would highlight as the four top areas. How much of it is acquisition driven? The acquisition pricing benefit actually mostly came from anatomic pathology as opposed to specific test acquisition. So most of what I would characterize as the core, I'm sorry, the growth in esoteric just came from excellent execution on sales priorities by the organization.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Hi. Good morning. Dave, obviously you talk about tuck-in acquisitions at about 1% to top line, can you maybe share with us your thoughts of M&A opportunities and kind of like your appetite outside of the core lab business?
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Good morning, Ricky. So one of the things I highlighted in my opening remarks is that we are competing in a much bigger space than just the core lab business. So now we are competing in the core lab business but on a global basis. We are competing in drug development, we are competing in market access, we are competing in food safety. So you should think about our appetite for acquisitions as spanning all of those businesses, potentially. Now a couple of caveats, the likelihood of us doing a sizable ex U.S. clinical laboratory acquisition is relatively small, just because we are much more likely to think about doing that, doing ex U.S. clinical laboratory now that we have a global footprint by building as opposed to acquiring. So we certainly are looking at global expansion opportunities in the clinical lab business, but I wouldn't put that at the top of the list from an M&A perspective. What I would put at the top of the list is tuck-in acquisitions in the lab, the clinical lab business, acquisitions in the food business, acquisitions in drug development, acquisitions in market access; all of which we'll look at through the lens of, what's our return on invested capital, how does it strategically contribute to our key priorities, and what are the valuations relative to other opportunities for deployment of capital.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And if I could have just one follow-up, and that might be a question for Deb. Obviously 2015 was really impacted by the fact that new trial startups took longer. I think, Dave, in the past, you said that the period of time for trial startups was extended by around 6 months to 12 months. So can you just give us an update on where you are at now and have we kind of like  have you normalized kind of like your book of new starts, and is this going to be sort of a headwind to revenue conversion in 2016 and beyond? Or are we now at a steady state?
Deborah L. Keller - Chief Executive Officer, Covance Drug Development, Covance, Inc.: Thank you for the question, Ricky. As far as our backlog burn, we've seen it stabilize. It started off the year, as you said, a little bit slower than expected, however, both in clinical and central labs we saw it stabilize throughout the year, kind of similar to the trend that we've seen in the last 10 years.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. So from your perspective, it's kind of like we're now at kind of like the new normal.
Deborah L. Keller - Chief Executive Officer, Covance Drug Development, Covance, Inc.: It's just leveled off to similar to the trends that we've seen in the last 10 years is how I would state that.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So we're at about the top of the hour, we have six more questions in the queue, so I would encourage people to let's try to ask one, and also let's try not to ask things that have already been answered, please. We would like to be able to answer everybody's question today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey. Thanks. Just a quick one on bad debt and self-pay collection rates. Have you seen any change or deterioration in co-pays deductibles? Just maybe remind us where that's trending and maybe any opportunities to improve the collection rates going forward. Thanks.
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So bad debt improved throughout the year, and the team did a terrific job in terms of both reducing the bad debt rate and recapturing additional revenue that previously was going to bad debt. The issue on self-pay is we're seeing, as you see more patients come through exchanges, exchanges do tend to have higher deductibles, higher self pays, and now we are experiencing something, although in a limited way that you've heard other providers talk about, which is people who are on and off the exchange. So they are on the exchange and then they're off the exchange and then they sign back up again, there are 29 different reasons right now why people can get on an exchange even outside the enrollment period. And so we're seeing some of that, and it does mean that more bills go to patient. So for now we feel like we have the situation well in hand, but it is something that we're keeping a close eye on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS. Your line is now open.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, everybody. Obviously a lot of territories covered, but let me ask you about Washington if there's any updates either with respect to the CMS clinical lab fee schedule or the FDA and its efforts around lab developed tests, what you're hearing from your Congressional supporters as well as from the administration?
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: A.J., it's Dave. So on PAMA, we have not heard anything further. Obviously there were some very positive developments from our perspective in terms of strong letters going from the House, from the Senate and from the Chair and Ranking Member of the Finance Committee encouraging both the inclusion of at least a selection of key hospital labs as well as a delay in the implementation of PAMA. We continue to believe that the inclusion of key hospital labs is absolutely vital to accomplish the Congressional purpose, which was a market based price for Medicare, and realistically, we're at the end of February, the rule has not been finalized. It's hard for me to imagine how this could be implemented in January of 2017 in a way that would be fair to our industry. So that's the view on PAMA. On FDA, we continue to work closely with Congress and attempting to work with the FDA as well on a solution that would be a legislative solution, that would bring clarity to whatever regulation there's going to be of lab developed tests, and it would not be depended on sub regulatory guidance as a proposed long-term solution. And we feel, again, we've been very clear about this, we feel very strongly that guidance is the wrong way to go about this and that we will continue to oppose that path.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Jason Plagman - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. Jason Plagman on for Brian. Just a follow-up on the M&A discussion. To get a little more specific on the CRO side, are there any segments or markets that are interesting both either short-term or long-term, how you see the M&A opportunity on the Drug Development business?
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I don't think we have anything to say beyond what we've already said, which is we're going to look at all opportunities and evaluate the strategic fit and the returns and the valuations in comparison to what other opportunities there are.
Jason Plagman - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray, Your line is now open.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So real quickly, Dave, you mentioned that you introduced 75 new assays in 2015. If we just set aside the legality of what FDA is trying to do on the LDT side, how are you guys thinking about I guess from a preparatory standpoint about introducing new tests in terms of potential FDA regulations that you may have to go through? And then secondly, any impact from the January storms that we need to be thinking about here for the first quarter? Thanks.
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: To the first question, Bill, before we introduce a test to the market, and some of these tests are kits which obviously have been approved or cleared by the FDA. But before we introduce a test to market, there is a very robust validation process within our laboratories to make sure that the tests are, that they are valid, that they report what they are supposed to report, and that they have appropriate clinical utilities. So we've followed that path for years, we've been very disciplined about it, and we'll continue to follow that. And again, our exposure to the LDT, the potential of at least the initial stage of what FDA has proposed from an LDT perspective is relatively low as a percentage of revenue. But this is important as an industry matter, and it's important from an overall perspective in terms of innovation and development in the diagnostic industry. For the weather impact from the January storms, I'm going to turn this over to Jay to respond for the Diagnostics business.
James T. Boyle - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer, LabCorp Diagnostics, Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings: Thanks, Dave. Bill, the weather obviously, we are always concerned about weather this time of the year. Fortunately for us, it was comparable to what we experienced last year. I think most of the weather in the areas that would have been impacted was fortunately on the weekend. So at this point we view it as inconsequential, and we are keeping our fingers crossed for the remainder of this first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Donald Hooker with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Donald H. Hooker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Real quick, I'm not sure you talked about sort of what appears to be an improving price environment for pre-clinical CRO testing. I know it's a small revenue number, but I assume that's a pretty big drop through, so small lever. But can you just maybe give a tidbit or two on kind of the broader pricing environment there?
Deborah L. Keller - Chief Executive Officer, Covance Drug Development, Covance, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. This Deb. You are right, the demand is increasing, and it has great incremental drop through. What I would say is that we are, where we see the utilization getting tighter with U.S. and China, it is driving some modest price increases in those regions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Massaro with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is now open.
Mark Massaro - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey. Thanks for the question. You guys have done a very good job growing organic volumes over the last couple of years in a tough environment. This quarter, you put up 150 basis points of organic volumes. I want to make sure I understand what is contributing to the slight deceleration, if you will, on the organic volume trend line? What factors are baking in and how are you thinking about the impact of high deductible health plans and competition from hospitals? Thanks.
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think, as we said, the biggest factor that's contributing is the annualization of the contract wins. And I don't think there is enough going on in high deductible plans or hospital competition to really change that. I think the reality is that the high deductible plans and high co-pays have more of an impact on bad debt and collections. It doesn't stop the patient from coming to get the testing done, it just stops us getting paid for it. So I don't think that has a significant impact on volume. We've always faced competition from hospitals. I actually think that it's been really about three years since we saw the huge shift in hospitals buying up physician practices and in-sourcing them, and I think we are doing a terrific job on organic volume. I think the Diagnostics team has done a great job. We're clearly outperforming from my perspective, the competitive market with organic volume growth. I think we're outperforming the other healthcare services providers in terms of organic volume growth. And so in spite of, and again, if you look at that what you'd characterize as a slight deceleration on a per day basis, 3Q over 4Q, it's actually essentially flat from an organic volume perspective. So we are very pleased with it.
Operator: I am showing no further questions in queue at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to Dave King for closing remarks.
David P. King - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, once again we are very pleased with the year that we've turned in in 2015, and I want to express my appreciation to my 50,000 colleagues and to our leadership for really an exceptional performance. We are excited about 2016, we look forward to talking to you again quarter-to-quarter with updates and hope you have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Third Quarter 2015 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. If anyone should require assistance, please press star then zero on your touchtone telephone. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to your host, Paul Surdez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Paul Surdez: Good morning and welcome to LabCorp third quarter 2015 conference call. As detailed in todays press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and internet. With me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; James Boyle, CEO of LabCorp Diagnostics, and Deborah Keller, CEO of Covance Drug Development. In addition to our press release, we also filed a Form 8-K this morning that includes additional financial information. Both are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.LabCorp.com and include a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during todays call to GAAP. Finally, we are making forward-looking statements during todays call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy, and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set forth and detailed in our 2014 10-K and subsequent filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now Ill turn the call over to Dave King.
David King: Thank you, Paul, and good morning. LabCorp had another impressive quarter in which we delivered excellent revenue growth, double-digit earnings growth, and solid operating and free cash flow. Both LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development turned in strong performances, and Glenn will update you on these results in a few moments I would like to spend my time today updating you on our progress towards the strategic and financial objectives we set out for our combined companies following our transformative acquisition of Covance. In January, we announced our Wave 1 priorities for our combined companies: use of data to improve trial recruitment, leadership in companion diagnostics, and innovation in the use of real-world evidence. We set a goal of $150 million in incremental revenue by the end of 2018 for use of data, $100 million for companion diagnostics, and $50 million for real world evidence. Now, eight months after closing, I would like to tell you where we stand with these initiatives. First, we continue to feature the utility of our patient database as a competitive differentiator. We have been awarded four major pieces of business by adding LabCorp data to Covance proposals, and these wins have contributed nearly $100 million in new orders to our backlog. In tracking this figure, we include only awards in which the sponsor specifically identified LabCorp data as influencing the selection of its CRO partner. We continue to receive multiple requests for our patient data from large and emerging pharma customers seeking insights into clinical and commercial questions across multiple therapeutic areas. Sponsor awareness of our unique capability is increasing and we are well on our way to achieving $150 million in incremental revenue by 2018. Second, we continue to advance our industry leadership in the development and commercialization of companion diagnostics. Last month, we again demonstrated that leadership in both development and commercialization as we announced the launch of two innovative diagnostic assays linked to novel immuno-oncology drugs. Our central laboratory was the exclusive provider of testing in registration trials that supported the regulatory approval of these tests. We have been involved in the development and launch of approximately 70% of all companion diagnostics since inception in 1998, and we are actively working on a sizeable number of ongoing companion diagnostic programs in this increasingly important category of biopharma research and development. New orders have remained strong since the acquisition with programs expanding beyond oncology, and I am confident in our ability to generate $100 million in incremental revenue in this area by 2018. Third, in addition to our unique combination of high-end laboratory testing and global drug development capabilities, we possess enormous assets around diagnostic information. This includes our direct connection to patients, over 15 billion test results, demographic information, an extensive database of investigators and trial sites, and the largest cohort of genetic counselors in the industry. Supported by our technology-enabled solutions, we are ideally positioned to create large databases, facilitate patient access to trials, gather real-world evidence of disease state prevalence and market size, provide interpretation of diagnostic results, and combine patient, site and disease state information into innovative new value creators. Customer response to these real-world evidence capabilities has been strongly positive, and we look forward to generating at least $50 million of new revenue in this category by 2018. Fourth, Covances central lab business has expanded and further differentiated its capabilities through the addition of LabCorp genomic, genetic and anatomic pathology testing. Because of our unrivaled combination of test menu, quality, clinical and scientific expertise, we continue to strengthen our market-leading position and deliver strong results. In short, the strategic theses of our combination are rapidly translating to financial success, and the proof of the growth opportunity for our combined company is increasingly compelling. While I am speaking about innovation, I will provide an update on BeaconLBS. BeaconLBS continues to perform well, contributing $18 million or 1.2% to our organic revenue growth in the quarter, although in this pilot phase it remains a drag on overall margin. In addition, the BeaconLBS teams goal of delivering the right test to the right patient at the right time through the highest quality laboratory network is rapidly being realized. In barely six months of full implementation, utilization trend in the pilot market has improved and adherence to testing guidelines has increased. Out-of-network lab spend has declined, leading to a decline in overall lab spend for our partner. We are optimistic that this solid evidence of achievement will continue and will expand the BeaconLBS opportunity. To close, I would like to thank all of our people around their globe. Their dedication to our strategic priorities during this period of exciting transformation is one of the companys combined greatest strengths. Their commitment to delivering world-class diagnostic information, bringing innovative new drugs to market faster and using information to change the way care is delivered is inspiring, and it is gratifying to see this commitment translate to concrete results on so many fronts. As the worlds largest laboratory and leading healthcare diagnostics company, we are excited about and well positioned for the future. Now Ill turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Dave. Im going to start my comments with a review of our consolidated third quarter results, followed by a discussion of our LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development segments, and then conclude with an update on our 2015 guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $2.3 billion, an increase of 46% over last year. The acquisition of Covance contributed $647 million during the quarter, driving 42% year-over-year revenue growth. The other 5% was driven by solid organic volume growth across both core and esoteric testing, as well as benefits from BeaconLBS, price mix, and tuck-in acquisitions that were partially offset by currency. Gross profit for the quarter $763 million or 33.6% of revenue compared to $571 million or 36.8% last year. The increase in gross profit was due primarily to the acquisition of Covance as well as organic volume, price mix and productivity partially offset by personnel costs. Personnel costs were up due to annual merit increases and normal headcount additions in support of our top line growth. The decline in gross margin was primarily due to the mix impact of Covance. Excluding Covance, gross margin would have been 36.7%, a decrease of 10 basis points versus last year. SG&A for the quarter was $383 million or 16.9% of revenue compared to $306 million or 19.7% last year. Excluding special charges of $5 million related to the acquisition of Covance, SG&A in the quarter was $377 million or 16.6% of revenue, a 270 basis point reduction versus last years adjusted SG&A. The increase in SG&A was primarily due to Covance and personnel costs partially offset by Project LaunchPad savings. The favorable reduction in SG&A as a percentage of revenue benefited from Covances lower SG&A rate and the reduction in our bad debt rate. Excluding Covance and special charges, SG&A as a percentage of revenue would have been 18.7%, an improvement of 60 basis points over last year. During the quarter, we recorded $32 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily relating to severance and facility-related costs. Amortization expense for the quarter was $47 million, up from $18 million a year ago due to the impact of acquisitions. Operating income for the quarter was $307 million or 13.5% of revenue compared to $241 million or 15.6% last year. Excluding amortization and restructuring of special items of $79 million, adjusted operating income was $386 million or 17% of revenue compared to $271 million or 17.5% last year. Excluding the mix impact from Covance, adjusted operating margin would have been 18%, an increase of 50 basis points over last year. Interest expense for the quarter was $56 million compared to $26 million last year. The increase was due to higher debt balances following the acquisition of Covance. The tax rate for the quarter was 38.9%, higher than last years 37.2% rate due to the taxable nature of certain restructuring charges. Excluding special charges and amortization, the adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 35.5%, in line with our expectations. As a result, net earnings for the quarter were $153 million or $1.49 per diluted share compared to $137 million or $1.59 per share last year. Excluding amortization, restructuring and other special items, adjusted EPS was $2.07 in the quarter, up 15% from $1.80 last year. During the quarter, operating cash flow was $288 million compared to $176 million last year, with the increase due to the acquisition of Covance as well as improved earnings. Capital expenditures totaled $68 million, up from $53 million last year due to Covance. As a result, free cash flow was $220 million compared to $123 million last year. At quarter-end, our cash balance was $713 million compared to $619 million at the end of the second quarter. Total debt was approximately $6.7 billion and our liquidity was approximately $1.7 billion, consisting of cash and available credit. During the quarter, we invested $8 million in acquisitions and paid down $125 million of debt, reducing the companys leverage to 3.4 times net debt to last 12 months pro forma EBITDA. Now Ill review our segment performance. For comparative purposes, segment results are presented on a pro forma basis for all periods as if the acquisition of Covance closed on January 1, 2014, and exclude amortization, restructuring, special items and unallocated corporate expenses. Reconciliations of segment results to historically reported results are included in todays press release and the current report filed today on Form 8-K. Now Ill review the performance of LabCorp Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $1.6 billion, an increase of 4.8% over last year. The increase in revenue was the result of organic volume growth measured by requisitions, BeaconLBS, price mix and tuck-in acquisitions, partially offset by currency. The increase in revenue of 4.8% includes the benefit from Beacon LBS of 1.2% and an unfavorable foreign currency translation of 1%. Total volume increased by 2.9%, of which organic volume was 2.3% and acquisition volume was 0.6%. Revenue per requisition increased by 1.7%, benefiting from price and mix as well as tuck-in acquisitions that have an overall revenue per requisition higher than the segment average. LabCorp Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $330 million or 20.6% of revenue compared to $306 million or 20% last year. The increase was primarily due to volume, price mix and productivity partially offset by personnel costs and currency. Improvement in productivity was driven by Project LaunchPad, which delivered approximately $20 million of net savings during the quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to $45 million. We remain on track to achieve our goal of $150 million in savings over the three-year period ending 2017. Now Ill review the performance of Covance Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $669 million, an increase of 2.6% over last year. The stronger U.S. dollar negatively impacted revenue growth by approximately 370 basis points. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased 6.3% over last year led by strong volume in the central lab and early development businesses, while the growth rate in the clinical business improved sequentially from the second quarter. Adjusted operating income was $97 million or 14.5% of revenue compared to $88 million or 13.6% last year. The increase in operating income and margin was primarily due to volume and cost synergies partially offset by personnel costs and mix. Personnel costs increased in part due to added headcount in the clinical business in advance of the initiation of awarded projects. We captured approximately $15 million of cost synergies during the quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to $30 million. We remain on track to achieve our goal of $100 million in savings over the three-year period ending 2017. Net orders during the quarter were $811 million, representing a net book-to-bill of 1.21, while backlog at quarter end was $6.7 billion. Now Ill update our 2015 guidance. We expect revenue growth of approximately 41% inclusive of Covance as of February 19 after the impact of approximately 220 basis points of negative currency. We have assumed that foreign exchange rates stay at September 30, 2015 levels for the remainder of the year. We expect LabCorp Diagnostics to grow 4.5 to 5.5% in 2015 after the impact of approximately 90 basis points of negative currency. This is an increase from our prior guidance of 3.5 to 5.5% primarily due to continued strong organic growth. Covance Drug Developments net revenue is expected to be in the range of minus-0.5% to plus-0.5% versus full-year 2014 after the impact of approximately 350 basis points of negative currency. This is an increase from our prior guidance of minus-1.5% to plus-0.5%. We expect 2015 adjusted EPS of $7.80 to $7.95 as weve narrowed the range from our prior guidance of $7.75 to $8. We expect operating cash flow in 2015 to be $970 million to $995 million versus our prior guidance of $990 million to $1.015 billion, and capital expenditures to be $250 million to $275 million versus prior guidance of $270 million to $295 million. As a result, free cash flow remains unchanged from our prior guidance of $695 million to $745 million. Excluding net non-recurring acquisition items of approximately $120 million, we expect free cash flow of $815 million to $865 million, unchanged from our prior guidance. This concludes our formal remarks and well now take questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Bill Bonello with Craig Hallum. Your line is open.
Bill Bonello: Good morning guys. On the lab side of the business, just want to probe a bit more about the movements that we saw in volume and price growth. Can you perhaps give us some sense of how much those growth rates were affected? You talked about some new business wins that were going to annualize during the quarter and maybe how much that impacted the volume growth, and if it had a corresponding impact on the price, and then maybe just any thoughts about where you would think of volume and price maybe shaking out as we look forward from here.
James Boyle: Hey Bill, this is Jay Boyle. How are you?
Bill Bonello: Great.
James Boyle: I want to touch on the volume, and Glenn will take the price. As you noted, in some of our prior calls we have indicated that we expected to see a little bit of a downward trend on our year-over-year organic growth beat, and that is exactly whats happened as weve annualized the two contracts that you mentioned. However, we are seeing sequential volume growth quarter to quarter, and were very pleased with the 2.3% organic volume, the 2.9% overall. So thats consistent with what we thought would happen, and again, were pleased with the result. Glenn, you want to talk about the price?
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure. Good morning, Bill. Overall, needless to say, we feel we had a good quarter from both of our businesses, but in the diagnostics business in particular, the strong growth in organic revenue and volume that Jay commented, as well as obviously our price per requisitions improving nicely as well through the combination of the acquisitions, the tuck-in acquisitions that weve done at higher price points, as well as favorable test mix overall. But we continue to leverage well in the business, and you see that reflected in the improvement in our operating margins.
Bill Bonello: So would it be safe to say that on the volume side, most of the sequential change in the growth rate is attributable to those business wins annualizing?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes.
Bill Bonello: Okay, and what about on the price side? Would the same thing be true there, the increase attributable to that annualizing, or were other things driving that?
David King: Bill, its Dave. No, the price impact of the annualization was not material to the overall price. There were, as we mentioned, three components to the price growth, which was largely driven by mix and then the acquisitions that we completed that were at an average revenue per requisition that was above the overall segment average.
Bill Bonello: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Cherny with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Michael Cherny: Good morning, guys. Congrats on a nice quarter.
David King: Thank you, good morning.
Michael Cherny: So first just on the Covance Drug Development side, really nice sequential improvement. You talked about, from what I can see at least, improvements in all three key segments. Is there any unifying factor that drove the improvements, or maybe if you can give a little more color within early development versus clinical and central lab, kind of what you saw as the key components particularly in areas like central lab, where I know you had some issues earlier in the year with more kit mix and stuff that was out of your control versus actual health of the business.
Deborah Keller: Good morning, this is Deborah Keller. So yes, youre right - all three of our service lines had constant dollar sequential growth this quarter, and I would say it was led by central lab, which as you said was roughly flat in the first half of the year. They had a substantial increase in their kit volume which is driving a much strong growth rate in Q3. Early development also is strong, and they had those nice incremental drop-through as well. So in our central lab, back to that, we had record level kits both in and out, and we had an increase in our testing volume as well. As far as clinical, we had good sequential increased growth rate and strong orders for the quarter.
Michael Cherny: Great, thanks Deb. Then Dave, just one question for you. Since the last call, theres been a lot of moving pieces in terms of the true value, I think, of the lab. Obviously you had the PAMA decision that occurred a few weeks back. Youve had a lot of noise around your private upstart competitor and what the actual value proposition they provide is. Maybe can you use this opportunity now, given especially following these results, to kind of reestablish what makes LabCorp differentiated versus the rest of the market in terms of delivering service to the end customer?
David King: Sure, good morning, Michael. You know, first of all, Ill just come back to something weve been saying for a long time, which is there is no healthcare system without laboratory medicine. We are about 3% of the overall spend. We drive 70 to 80% of the healthcare decisions. For those who have ever been to the doctor and not felt well, or have taken a child to the doctor who is not feeling well, the first question is, what do the labs say? So we feel very confident that even in a time of enormous change, the lab is always going to be absolutely central to healthcare and to the delivery of healthcare, and to patient care. Running a laboratory business well requires size, scale, scientific and medical capability and credibility, and true innovation. LabCorp has all of those things. We have an enormous infrastructure. We have enormous IT capabilities. We have a dedicated and highly motivated workforce that the number one thing they think about every day is serving the patient. We have clinicians and scientists who have been at this company for 10, 20, 30, 40 years. We have invented laboratory tests that now are standard of care in the market, and I challenge anybody else to stand up to those capabilities. Then on top of it, we are the most efficient, lowest cost, highest quality provider, and add in at the back end, Michael, that we have consistently led in innovation, whether its 70% of the companion diagnostics, whether its always having the newest test, whether its BeaconLBS. We have consistently been the market leaders in innovation and we will continue to be the market leaders in innovation. So this is a great business. Weve been wise stewards of capital for our shareholders, and we look forward to great, great opportunity in the diagnostics business in years to come.
Michael Cherny: Thanks Dave.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Gill with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: Great, thanks very much. Good morning everyone. I just wanted to follow up with just a couple quick questions around the Covance side. Either Dave or Deborah, can you maybe talk about two things: one, Dave, youre talking about these incremental opportunities that you talked about on the revenue synergy side, but how do we think about the trajectory going into next year? I know it might be a little early to give specific guidance, but is it reasonable to think that this is kind of a mid-single digit grow, or how do I think about this business over the next 12 months?
David King: Morning Lisa, its Dave. You know, I think it is early to give guidance for next year, although I applaud you for trying. I think what I would say is if you look at the historical growth rates in this business in constant currency, its mid to high single digits, and the central lab has years of very strong growth and years of less strong growth. We said earlier this year when central lab got off to a slow start, that we expected it to rebound in the second half, and here we are with a very strong rebound at central lab. Early development, the incremental margin on the business is terrific, and were being very careful about capacity and pricing in that business. I was really pleased to see the sequential improvement in clinical revenues. Again, were not giving guidance, but the historical growth rate has been mid to high single digits, and that should be a good frame of reference at least to think about how the business ought to be able to perform in the out years.
Lisa Gill: Thats helpful. And then Dave, you talked about each of the three components of the revenue synergies that you had laid out when you did the transaction. You talked about patient data and winning, but how about on each of the others? Is there anything, or revenue numbers you can put around that today for companion diagnostics or diagnostic information? You said you had $15 billion of tests, et cetera, but is there any way to give us a frame as to where you are on those two components?
David King: Well, I think in my preliminary comments, I mentioned that we feel like weve made very good progress, and obviously that will be incorporated in the guidance as we give it, and it will be incorporated into the overall top line growth. So I would think about those things as being--they have the potential to be incremental contributors, and the question is obviously translating them from orders into revenue, and that will be part of what we incorporate into the guidance for next year and the years ahead.
Lisa Gill: Okay, very helpful, and congratulations on a nice quarter.
David King: Thank you, Lisa.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to start with PAMA, and just curious whether you had some initial thoughts from the proposed rule that came out a few weeks ago, and then as you go through the comment period today, just where are the areas that you see as opportunity to work with CMS.
David King: Good morning, Jack, its Dave. So this is going to take a couple minutes, but I want to give you a comprehensive answer about PAMA. So lets step back to why PAMA was enacted. There was an OIG report that suggested that Medicare pricing was not market competitive with commercial pricing, and Congress enacted a statute specifically around the idea of lets fine out--lets base Medicare on a market-based price, and lets find out whether Medicare is market-based and if its not, lets adjust it. So that was the purpose of the statute, and it was clear in the legislative history, it was clear from the floor colloquy between Senator Burr and Hatch, it was clear in the letter that they believe that hospitals were an important part of the market to consider. Now when PAMA came out, obviously hospitals were not included, and that was extremely disappointing. I would point out in the first place, there was a statutory misconstruction in the regulation because what Congress said was if over 50% of the hospital lab revenue came from the clinical lab fee schedule, that it should be included. What CMS put out was if over 50% of the Medicare revenue came from the CLFS, it should be included. Well, as Ive already pointed out in response to an earlier question and as everybody knows, lab is about 3% of the total Medicare spend, so it is structurally impossible for lab to be more than 50% of the total Medicare revenue. The CMS also lumped the lab in with the entire hospital system in doing the calculation, which again negated any possibility that the hospitals could be included. They did that not by using the tax side [indiscernible] and the NPI, so from our perspective, CMS proposed regulation did not faithfully attempt to do what Congress had asked it to do. Now let me talk specifically about the decision not to include hospitals and why we think that is erroneous. The week after CMS came out with the explanation of why hospitals were not included, the Office of Inspector General released its data brief for 2014. Medicare paid $7 billion in Part B hospital lab tests - Im quoting directly from the data brief. Hospitals received $1.7 billion or 24% of Medicare Part B payments through the clinical lab fee schedule. So lets stop right there - hospitals that CMS said are not part of the relevant market received 24% of Medicare Part B clinical lab fee schedule payments. Physician labs received $1.3 billion or 19%, but CMS decided they are part of the market. Hospitals received 25% of the payments for the top 25 tests, which accounted for $4.2 billion of the spend, so they received an even higher percentage of the top 25 tests, and again CMS decided they were not part of the market. Furthermore, CMS cut the outpatient perspective, the OPPS, the hospital outpatient perspective payment system by 2% for 2016, and specifically stated in making that cut that it was because $1 billion of lab testing that they thought were going to go through the OPPS in fact went through the clinical lab fee schedule in 2014. CMS also stated they were reducing the OPPS not to recoup the prior overpayment but to eliminate the future overpayment, implying they expect that $1 billion to continue to go through the clinical lab fee schedule. So this is obviously a concession by CMS that significant hospital lab payments will continue to go through the clinical lab fee schedule, and it squares with what the OIG said. Now go back to what is the market, and its difficult for me to understand how CMS comes to the conclusion that entities that are receiving 24, 25% of the payments are not part of the market. I also just took a quick opportunity last night, because again its what is the market, to look at the Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina website - this is publicly available data that anybody can see. A lipid panel, one of the top 25 tests, Quest and LabCorp price approximately $8 to $10, REX hospital $79, University of North Carolina $93, Duke $102. The assay of thyroid stimulating hormone - TSH, one of the top 25 tests, Quest and LabCorp $12, REX Hospital $66, University of North Carolina $86, Duke $98. That is the competitive market, and that is what Congress asked CMS to look at to determine if Medicare pricing was market-based. Again, its difficult to understand how CMS concluded that that data is all irrelevant. Finally, I would just point out that the timing that has been imposed here is quite unrealistic. Were supposed to start submitting data before the final rule is even completed, and CMS is apparently going to analyze that data and put out results in 2017 based on a six-month period, even though they stated in the regulation that the year period is what would be preferable. So obviously, its a preliminary rule. I think you can tell from my commentary, we have a lot of comments as to the rule that CMS has promulgated, but thats our perspective on the PAMA regulation.
Jack Meehan: Yes, thanks Dave. That was very well said. Maybe just one follow-up for Glenn on the lab business, give you a little break. The pricing growth that came through, I know some of that was related to the genomic and esoteric volumes coming through. I was surprised some of that better growth didnt fall through on the gross margin line, so could you--and I know you talked about it being 10 BPs higher year-over-year. Just any other granularity around that would be great.
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure, Jack. Overall, as you said, the gross margin excluding the impact of Covance would have been down around 10 basis points. Included in that, you heard earlier the pilot program that we have at Beacon, which Dave commented while its a contributor to the revenue that we wouldnt have had a year ago, in its pilot stage is not contributing to profitability, so that had a, call it a headwind on gross margin, so were it not for that, our gross margin was favorable. Again, most of the pricing, if you will, weve talked about was from the benefit of the acquisition mix up, as well as just overall, call it test mix. But overall, we feel weve leveraged well. Weve leveraged the diagnostic segment in excess of 30% on the incremental revenues and saw 60 basis point improvement in our operating margin, so overall were getting the benefit of that additional volume as well as our continued productivity improvement and initiative through LaunchPad.
Jack Meehan: That makes sense. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Willoughby with Bank of America. Your line is open. Robert, if you line is on mute, could you please un-mute it?
Robert Willoughby: Yes, Im sorry. Dave, can you give us anything you can on the food safety business? You obviously did a deal there, but how are you sizing that market, the growth opportunity to margin profile, and where could that business be three to five years down the line for you? And maybe also just the synergy with the base business, if anecdotally you could point us to areas where you have a real advantage growing that business?
David King: Sure, good morning, Bob. So when we made the acquisition, we identified nutritional chemistry and food safety as a growth opportunity because it is a significantly growing market and its a global market. Obviously with the increase in food importation, with the increase also in the number of detected concerns about food safety, we saw this as a nice opportunity for growth. So when we looked at the business, the market size is substantial. Obviously its not the size of the total lab industry, but the market size is substantial - its in the billions of dollars of global opportunity. We look at the margin profile as being attractive, and we look at the opportunity around what LabCorp and Covance bring together as there are two aspects of the food safety business. One is the chemistry side, and the other is the microbiology side. Covance has always had great expertise on the chemistry side; LabCorp obviously from our core lab testing brings a significant amount of expertise on the microbiological capabilities and also on the infrastructure, so its very important to be close to the customers because the food is sitting, waiting to be shipped. So the combination of infrastructure, microbiology and chemistry really positions us, we think, to take a market leadership position. On the nutritional side, the analysis of ingredients and purity, again all of the controversy around organic food, genetically modified food, what is safe food - this is another nice opportunity for us to grow the business, and again its a global opportunity. We actually have a food safety lab in Singapore as well as our large lab in Madison, and were very, very excited about adding International Food Network and the National Food Laboratory to these capabilities.
Robert Willoughby: Can you size your opportunity maybe three to five years out, and what kind of spend you need to get there? Is it an expensive build?
David King: We have aspirations. Im not prepared to talk about them specifically, but we have aspirations that this business will be in the nine figures in revenue - hopefully the mid-nine figures, but these are just aspirational ideas for our company. There will be some which well do through acquisitions, as we demonstrated were ready to do with the Safe Foods transaction, and there will be some that well do by organic growth. I dont think its something where we think about there will be an enormous amount of investment to get there.
Robert Willoughby: Interesting, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. As a reminder, in the interest of time we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and return to the queue for any additional questions. Our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Isaac Ro: Thanks guys. Let me try one question with two parts. On the capex side, you guys tracked a little better than your guidance. Could you talk a little bit about handicapping the potential for capex to kind of run rate from here? Is there a little bit more potential for that number to come down? And then secondly, any updated thoughts on potential for, or how youre thinking about cash returns, specifically the potential for a dividend? Thank you.
Glenn Eisenberg: Hey Isaac, this is Glenn Eisenberg. On the capex side, as you know, were not a very capital intensive company overall, and we continue to manage fairly tightly. We did bring down our guidance for the year based upon the current trend of capital spending that we have, and obviously the level of spending is a function of just projects and opportunities that we see, including our LaunchPad initiative where we are going through some structural investments. But overall, weve been tracking around, call it $70 million per quarter, and you might see that go up a little bit in the fourth quarter but still tracking at, call it around our depreciation level. As far as the cash returns, as you know, historically weve been a strong supporter of bringing excess cash back to shareholders in the form of share repurchases as opposed to dividends, and obviously given the acquisition of Covance and our higher leverage, were focused now on using some of that cash flow to pay down debt. But as the board convenes effectively every quarter, we do talk about our capital allocation, our return of capital back to shareholders. Dividends is part of the discussion, as is share repurchases, and well continue to have those discussions and let you know each quarter what we do with our capital.
Isaac Ro: Got it. Thanks a bunch.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nicholas Jansen with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Nicholas Jansen: Hey guys, nice job. I just wanted to get a little bit more detail on the volume in the quarter. Youve seen from the hospital companies, your largest competitor, talk a little bit about some level of market softness, maybe in the first half of the quarter. I just wanted to kind of get your views on the overall market trend and maybe why youre continuing to capture market share relative to your peer group. Thank you.
David King: Its Dave. Ill start and then if Jay has anything to add, I know well welcome that. You know, I think Jay gave a very precise explanation of why you saw the organic volume decline year-over-year. We had specifically called that out and identified it. We had nice sequential volume growth, and I attribute it to we have a great leadership team, we have a great team of people on the ground, and they are executing well. Were seeing nice growth in the core business, were seeing nice growth in the esoteric business. Were bringing new tests to market, so the only commentary we can give is I think the numbers speak for themselves. The numbers show that were performing very well and that volume continues to grow.
Nicholas Jansen: Great.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amanda Murphy with William Blair. Your line is open.
Amanda Murphy: Hi, good morning guys. I just had a quick follow-up question to what Lisa asked earlier. So again, recognizing youre not giving guidance at this point, can you just put your comments in context around that high single digit, mid to high single digit growth framework for Covance in context with the Sanofi situation, because I think that a 2 to 3% headwind for you guys next year. So do you still think you can do that mid to high single digit growth on the back of that Sanofi contract situation?
David King: Amanda, its Dave. You know, again, were not guiding, and so when we come out with the guidance, we will have all the puts and takes incorporated. Again, what we said is that the historic growth rate is mid to high single digits, and Sanofi will be incorporated into whatever guidance we give. There will be other puts and takes in the businesses as well, so I dont think we should single out any one thing and try to extrapolate what thats going to mean to the overall guidance. Well give the guidance in February when we give the guidance, and we look forward to being--to over time seeing Covance achieve the growth rates that the industry historically has turned in.
Glenn Eisenberg: Amanda, maybe Ill just add one thing, just relative to this year - and again, wont comment or we can annualize for next year. But if you just wanted to isolate on Sanofi, youll obviously be able to get into our implied guidance in the fourth quarter for Covance overall, which is continued good year-over-year growth in the business. That will be impacted by Sanofi as that contract expired at the end of October, as you know having around, call it a $12 million impact in the fourth quarter, so that will impact the growth rate, if you will, by 1.8%. But obviously, weve got a lot of other business thats coming in to replace that, but our guidance, if you will, for the rest of this year is inclusive with not having that contract for the last two months of the year.
Amanda Murphy: Got it, very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Zach Sopcak: Hey, good morning. This is Zach Sopcak for Ricky. I wanted to go back to test mix for a second and just ask, you used to have a goal - I think it was 45% esoteric testing. Can you give an update on where you are relative to that, and if the better mix was driven by any tests in particular, like BRCA or something else thats longer term sustainable?
Glenn Eisenberg: Zach, this is Glenn. Ill give you the other ones. Clearly growing esoteric is one of the main strategies of the company with the new tests that were developing, and it continues to grow and were seeing favorable test mix from that area. It hasnt quite gotten to, call it the 40% of the company. Its still kind of an aspirational goal, but its moving in the right direction.
David King: This is Dave. I would say the major drivers of growth in the esoteric category were continued strong performance in new swab, BRCA, non-invasive prenatal testing. We actually even in the quarter already started to get orders for the companion diagnostics that we mentioned in the prepared remarks, so there was nice progress across the board.
Zach Sopcak: Got it, thanks. And then can I ask you guys on the bad debt improvement? Can you give any color how much of it was driven by Project LaunchPad versus just overall more coverage from the ACA?
Glenn Eisenberg: This is Glenn. We continue to focus a lot from our LaunchPad initiative into cycle management and in particular one of the key aspects is the bad debt. We continue to see the rate coming down. We came in on the diagnostic side probably around 30 basis points year-over-year, so even though our, call it our volume, our revenue is going up, our bad debt expense is going down, so the savings on the rate is even greater because youre still getting obviously new business. But overall, its mostly a function of, again, just the continued hard work of all our people identifying where the issues are and tackling it, and we expect to see that rate continue to improve.
David King: Yes, its Dave. I dont think the ACA had a material impact this year. I think most of the ACA benefit in terms of enrolment has annualized, so as Glenn said, I think its LaunchPad, its sustained and focused effort by our revenue cycle management team, and its just really good, diligent, hard work on the ground to collect the monies that are owed to us.
Zach Sopcak: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Bill Quirk: Great. Thanks, and good morning everyone. I guess a two-part question. The first is just an update on BeaconLBS - when might we see that move out of the pilot program in Florida? I guess not necessarily assuming its going to go national right away, but just kind of curious what the latest thoughts are there. And then secondly, on the $30 million in cost synergies that you guys have dialed in over the past two quarters, it strikes me that the $100 million target by 2017 is a little conservative, so Id love to hear some color on that as well. Thank you.
David King: Bill, its Dave. I can answer the first part of the question quickly, and that is on BeaconLBS, we continue to have discussions about expanding to additional markets and with additional customers. We feel great that the BeaconLBS is proving out exactly as it was designed to, and I compliment the BeaconLBS team on, again, great effort, great execution, great accomplishments, and well look forward to updating you as we enter new markets and agree to new business opportunities with new partners.
Glenn Eisenberg: Bill, this is Glenn. On the Covance cost synergy side, our target still is the $100 million over the three years. Its going to be weighted a little differently as we go--
David King: One hundred and fifty.
Glenn Eisenberg: This is the Covance--
David King: Oh, Im sorry - Covance. I thought he was talking about LaunchPad. My apologies.
Glenn Eisenberg: On the $100 million over the three years, its going to be a little bit lumpy. We obviously have gotten a lot of benefits early on by taking out the redundant public company costs, leveraging the purchasing power of our two businesses, but it will take some time further to get through the lab consolidation, so thats why its a little bit more back-ended as we have to continue to finish through all the trials that are being done in those facilities. So were off to a very strong start. We expect it to continue to improve year-over-year, but were looking still at the, call it $100 million over the three years. Id be remiss, because Daves sitting next to me, that we always strive to exceed the targets that weve established, but well do that after we first achieve the targets that weve established.
Bill Quirk: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Whit Mayo from Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Whit Mayo: Hey, thanks. Wanted just to go back to the capex question just for a second. Your original range at the beginning of the year was about 325 to 350, and you dialed it down to 250 to 275 over a couple of quarters. I guess Im just curious what the biggest difference is between then and now. I understand and can appreciate that some projects can get pushed out and delayed, but just trying to get a sense of what we should see going forward, and whether or not any of these perhaps delayed projects pick up into next year.
Glenn Eisenberg: Whit, this is Glenn. Needless to say, when we put together our plan and our guidance in the early part of the year, its with going through a business planning process with the businesses identifying where they feel there are capital investment opportunities in addition to just the normal maintenance and so forth. So we start off with that premise, but as the year unfolds, we continue to look at each of the investments and we look at it relative to others - some new ones will come in, some other ones may get deferred based on timing. But the level of spend that we have, we feel is in line with our averages. Were actually spending less this year than in prior years if you looked at it on a pro forma basis, which is positive, and weve always said we would trend a little bit to that because both companies in fact have made some sizeable investments in systems, facilities and so forth. But were comfortable with the spend, as you can see by our implied guidance. We expect a higher spend in the fourth quarter than we did over the last couple. Hopefully well be below that, but we continue to evaluate each project as a standalone investment and we make the decision whether or not well go forward. But we see a lot of good opportunities to invest that capital.
David King: Whit, its Dave. I would just add parenthetically, we are not under-spending or starving the businesses of capital to reduce the number. Were being very thoughtful about how we invest the capital, but its not that were pushing projects out that are going to come back next year. Its that were looking at every single project rigorously and saying, do we need to spend the capital dollars here or are there better places to deploy it?
Whit Mayo: Yeah, no I was--I mean, the free cash flow is just getting to be a pretty big number, so just trying to make sure people appreciate that. I guess my last question is I think youve got maybe a $250 million senior note due this year, and just curious if those were gone now and do you plan to be in the market to refinance those, or just take them outright altogether? Just thoughts on that would be great.
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure, Whit. This is Glenn. We have $250 million of bonds that are due in December of this year, and our current intention is to use cash on hand to pay down the debt.
Whit Mayo: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from AJ Rice with UBS. Your line is open.
AJ Rice: Hi everybody. Just two quick questions. I appreciate the commentary around PAMA and the frustration with the hospitals not being included. Im just curious - if you take the proposal as is, CMS has put in there an impact analysis of about a 4.5% cut in 2017. Do you have any reaction to that impact as the average cut to the industry would experience, and then is there any commentary on the 2016 proposed rule which has also come out, any opportunities or challenges that creates?
David King: AJ, its Dave. Its hard to size the 4.5% assessment that CMS gave, obviously because were not privy to the data that they used to analyze it; however, it does reinforce something we have been saying all along, which is we dont see a draconian negative outcome here for the industry. So it does reinforce our sense that this is not the doomsday scenario that many people had painted. In terms of the rest of the proposed 2016 rule, we are looking at it carefully. Obviously there are some proposed changes around drugs and abuse testing, there are some proposed changes around next-gen sequencing, there are some proposed changes around panels. None of them appear to be material to us at this early stage, but we will continue to analyze them and obviously file comments as appropriate.
AJ Rice: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Gary Lieberman: Good morning, thanks for taking the question. Maybe if you talk about commercial pricing a little bit, where you are in your contract negotiations, and then is there any potential for any fallout from the PAMA decision sort of working its way through commercial reimbursement?
David King: Gary, its Dave. Ill let Jay comment on the commercial negotiations. I dont see the PAMA rule having an impact on commercial pricing, with the exception of one very small area, which is there are some Medicare Advantage plans that are tied to the Medicare fee schedule. As I say, its a very, very small part of the business. Other than that, our negotiations with commercial payors are based on value, they are based on individual CPT codes. They are not--obviously the Medicare fee schedule is always a frame of reference, but they are not based on that fee schedule. So I always say, when the Medicare fee schedule goes up, that doesnt get us an increase with the commercial payors, and when the Medicare fee schedule goes down, that doesnt get us a decrease.
James Boyle: Gary, the only thing I would add on the commercial pricing is obviously we feel very good about our managed care relationships and our current contract initiatives. There are no major contracts that are coming up through the end of this year. We have great relationships with our managed care partners and we feel great about the opportunity to continue to provide them with the level of service that we have.
Gary Lieberman: Great. Maybe if I could ask a follow-up, Dave, youve talked a lot in the past about how the value proposition is so strong for LabCorp. Were seeing at least some movement towards accountable care models and some bundled payment models. Are you seeing any benefit from that, or do you think were on the cusp of starting to see some benefit from that?
David King: I think its very early days on the accountable care and the bundles. Obviously, I think right now, from my understanding, most of the bundles are just putting all the payments together and then distributing them out pretty much consistent with the status quo for the bundle. I think over time, this is a great opportunity for us. Again, as the highest quality and most efficient provider, and as the bundles start to include more services without more dollars behind them, reference back to my observation about the commercial pricing for hospital laboratory services earlier. People are going to look for the highest quality, highest value service, and were going to be in a position to provide that. So I think were going to continue to see volume shifting and share moving in our direction as a result of that change in the marketplace.
Gary Lieberman: Great, thanks a lot.
David King: Excuse me, Operator. Its right at 10 oclock. We have four questions in the queue, so well do the lightning round here; but lets please try not to ask questions that have previously been answered. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Donald Hooker with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Donald Hooker: Great, good morning. So real quick, I guess maybe the pre-clinical sort of toxicology business. I know its small, but theres a lot of leverage there, I think, over time, so can you talk a little bit about some of the trends in pricing and how much capacity you have there over the next couple years? How long can you grow that business before you need to add capacity?
Deborah Keller: Okay, thanks. This is Deb. Globally, were at about 70s as far as capacity. Utilization in the U.S. is slightly higher and Europe is a little bit lower. Obviously were glad to see our capacity filling. Its a much improved situation versus a few years ago. We do run a global business and thats been to our advantage, because it allows us to move studies around to maximize our capacity globally, and that way we can leverage it. We do monitor our capacity obviously daily. As far as pricing, weve seen some low single digit price increases generally speaking. Its different for different types of studies and in different parts of the world, and again its much better than the price decline wed seen a few years ago. With our global capacity, we do have some flexibility about capacity additions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Francis of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Dave Francis: Hey, good morning and congrats on the quarter. Real quick, bigger picture for either Dave or Deb, given some of the political and median noise around drug pricing and marketing that some of your customers are experiencing right now on the drug development side of the business, are you seeing any change in their behavior or your type of discussions with them relative to some of the things that they are dealing with there real time? Thanks.
Deborah Keller: Yes, this is Deb. Ill start out and then Ill turn it over to Dave. You know, as far as from an early development standpoint, our orders continue to be strong from all segments - emerging, midsize and large pharma, so at least thus far weve not seen it impacting.
David King: And Id just quickly add, the drug development business is about innovation, and innovation is going to continue to be the answer to improved delivery of healthcare. So we dont see any reason why the current controversy should affect the desire over the long term for innovative drugs to market and for Covance being an absolutely essential part of bringing innovative new medicines to patients.
Dave Francis: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Your line is open. Brian, if your line is on mute, can you please un-mute it? He may have pressed the star, one key in error. Well move on to the next question. Our next question comes from Mark Massar with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open.
Mark Massar: Hey guys, thanks. So your large competitor commented that they saw utilization dip. Wanted to ask if you agree with that assessment, if it was anything beyond the customary July-August seasonality from the summer; and secondly, Dave, can you comment on your update--or, can you update your commentary on launching a direct-to-consumer business by the end of this year?
David King: Yes, first of all, we dont comment on other peoples comments, so we commented on our results and, as we said, we had a very strong quarter from a volume perspective and were very pleased with the outcome there. In terms of the direct-to-consumer business, we have always said that when we launch our direct-to-consumer business, its going to be responsible, its going to be compliant, its going to focus on the LabCorp quality and service with the medical and clinical support that we have always provided in our business-to-business, if you will, side of the business with physicians and hospitals, and other customers. So we think the direct-to-consumer opportunity is important, its a market that is growing, and consumers are more and more engaged in healthcare. But as we always do, its going to be done in a clinically, medically and regulatory compliant fashion, and we are excited about the opportunity.
Mark Massar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, that concludes the Q&A session. I will now turn the call back over to Dave King, CEO for closing remarks.
David King: We thank you for joining us this morning, and wish you a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude todays conference. You may all disconnect, and everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Surdez - VP, IR Dave King - Chairman and CEO Glenn Eisenberg - EVP and CFO Jay Boyle - CEO of LabCorp Diagnostics Joe Herring - CEO of Covance Drug Development Deborah Keller - Incoming CEO of Covance Drug Development
Analysts: Robert Willoughby - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Cherny - Evercore Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Amanda Murphy - William Blair A.J. Rice - UBS Francis - RBC Capital Markets Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Reporting For Second Quarter 2015. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Paul Surdez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Paul Surdez: Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's second quarter 2015 conference call. As detailed in todays press release, there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and internet. With me today are, Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jay Boyle, Chief Executive Officer of LabCorp Diagnostics; Joe Herring, Chief Executive Officer of Covance Drug Development, and Deborah Keller, incoming CEO of Covance Drug Development. In addition to our press release we also filed a Form 8-K this morning that includes additional financial information. Both are available in the investor relations section of our website at www.labcorp.com, and include a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. Finally, we are making forward-looking statements during todays call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set-forth in detail in our 2014 10-K and our subsequent filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
Dave King: Thank you, Paul and good morning. We had an outstanding quarter in which we delivered impressive top line growth as well as record revenue, earnings and cash flow. We began to see the power of the combined businesses, which extends far beyond merely combining central lab capabilities. Our results demonstrate the soundness of our decision to acquire Covance and create the worlds leading healthcare diagnostics company, and strengthen our conviction in our ability to create long-term value for patients, customers and shareholders through integrated lab testing, our global drug development capabilities, and technology enabled solutions. Overall I am very pleased with our execution and our results in the quarter. Each of our businesses performed well. LabCorp Diagnostics reported another exceptional quarter. We continue to drive strong revenue growth led by increased organic volume. During the quarter, we observed solid growth in both esoteric and core testing, and revenue per requisition was positive for the first time in over two years. LabCorp Diagnostics strong top line growth converted into attractive profit growth. Adjusted operating income excluding amortization of nearly $350 million, or 22% of net revenue, translated to 130 basis points year-on-year margin improvement. This increase in profitability was driven by strong volume growth and improved productivity founded on Project LaunchPad. Through LaunchPad we continue to progress with multiple initiatives to re-engineer our company to deliver the highest quality services in the most efficient manner.  Covance Drug Development reported revenue growth on a constant currency basis of 1.8% over last years pro forma revenue. Early development had strong growth and margin expansion as the toxicology market continues to improve. Central labs revenue increased nicely on a sequential basis due to higher kit receipts as we predicted on our first quarter call. Central labs also contributed strong new orders in the quarter. Clinical business net orders were lower than expected, which combined with slower than typical revenue conversion resulted in growth below our expectations. We are focused on restoring growth in this important service line and expect to see results from these efforts in future quarters. Looking ahead, we see multiple drivers of future profitable growth. First the trajectory of our central labs business is encouraging. We had very strong levels of [Indiscernible] kit shipments throughout the quarter and our average kit receipts over the last two months have increased. Second, we are encouraged by positive momentum in the early development business fuelled by continuing strength in biotech funding levels. Third, we will benefit over time from investing in growing the clinical business. Fourth, we continue to capture cost synergies from our acquisition. Now I would like to comment on our progress with the development of new business models that leverage our combined capabilities. The integration of our businesses continues to go well. I am enthusiastic about the coordinated efforts of our sales force and scientific leadership teams. We have dedicated teams focused on driving more than $300 million in incremental annual revenue by 2018 through accelerated clinical trial enrolment, end-to-end capabilities in companion diagnostics and broad use of real world evidence in support of clinical trials. Our clinical team is featuring the utility of our patient database as a competitive differentiator to enhance patient enrolment, and this initiative has generated a consistently positive response from our clients. Furthermore, we are deploying our differentiated offering to win business. Earlier this month, we were awarded a life cycle management Phase 3b study for uncommon chronically ill patients that present a difficult population to recruit. Using diagnosis codes in our patient database we obtained unique insights that allowed us to identify eligible patients and their treating physicians, which gave our client confidence in our ability to timely enroll the study. We will next be contracting treating physicians to recruit patients that meet the selection criteria for this important trial. In addition, our joint analytics team is responding to multiple client requests to use de-identified patient data for commercial purposes, usually in combination with other datasets. Examples include market sizing, comparative effectiveness, deploying a personalized approach to therapy administration, assessing safety signals and identifying opportunities to improve patient [entry]. Through the interest generated from our combination we have expanded conversations with existing clients and initiated dialogue with new potential clients. We also continue to speak with drug sponsors that expressed interest in consolidating R&D outsourcing from multiple vendors across multiple areas of development to a preferred partner to improve efficiency and reduce the cost of bringing a new drug to market. We see a growing awareness that we can deliver unique solutions that will further validate our decision to deploy capital through this highly strategic combination. Finally, we continue to develop and commercialize technology enabled solutions that use data to enhance decision making, provide scalable platforms and applications for our customers and change the way care is delivered. We have long been committed to helping achieve better patient outcomes at lower cost and we have two services in flight towards that end, Beacon LBS and Enlighten Health. Beacon LBS is an innovative technology enabled solution that is modernizing delivery and laboratory services. Beacon LBS connects physicians will evidence-based clinical guidelines during the ordering process, providing physicians with access to rich clinical content within existing workflows. The application promotes use of the appropriate test for the appropriate patient at the appropriate time to enhance the delivery of optimal care. Last quarter the Beacon LBS team achieved its goal of full implementation and this quarter Beacon LBS contributed 1.1% to our organic revenue growth. I congratulate the entire Beacon LBS team on achieving an outcome that was little more than a dream when they began work on this project some five years ago. The Beacon LBS team remains engaged in discussions with existing and prospective clients that are expanding Beacon LBS utilization and we look forward to providing updates in the future. Enlighten Health is utilizing the combined companys informatics and analytics tools to develop customer solutions and partnerships, such as data integration and data visualization applications. This business is implementing our data strategy and allows us to capture the value of our database and technological skills. To close, I am profoundly grateful to our 48,000 employees around the globe for their efforts during this quarter as well as to their leadership. We have asked a great deal of our people on multiple fronts and they have responded with energy and enthusiasm. Most of all, they have delivered impressive results and Im proud of each of them and proud to have the honor of leading this great team. As the worlds leading healthcare diagnostics company we are well positioned to drive profitable growth and create long-term patient, customer and shareholder value by delivering world-class diagnostics, bringing innovative new drugs to market and using data to change the way care is delivered. Now I will turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Dave. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our consolidated second quarter results followed by a discussion of our LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development segments and conclude with an update on our 2015 guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $2.2 billion, an increase of 46% over last year. The acquisition of Covance contributed $621 million during the quarter, driving 41% year-over-year revenue growth with the other 5% primarily due to strong organic volumes across both core and esoteric testing, Beacon LBS and tuck-in acquisitions partially offset by currency. Gross profit for the quarter was $775 million or 34.9% of revenue compared to $569 million or 37.5% last year. The increase in gross profit dollars was due primarily to the acquisition of Covance, as well as organic volume and productivity. The decline in gross margin was due to the mix impact from Covance. Excluding Covance gross margin would have been 38.2%, an increase of 70 basis points over last year. SG&A for the quarter was $392 million or 17.7% of revenue compared to $298 million or 19.6% last year. Excluding special charges of $9 million related to the acquisition of Covance and Project LaunchPad, SG&A in the quarter was $384 million or 17.3% of revenue, a 200 basis point reduction versus last years adjusted SG&A. The increase in SG&A was primarily due to Covance and personnel costs, partially offset by Project LaunchPad savings. The favorable reduction in SG&A as a percentage of revenue benefited from Covance and the reduction in our bad debt rate. Excluding Covance and special charges, SG&A as a percentage of revenue would have been 19%, an improvement of 30 basis points over last year. During the quarter, we recorded $23 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily relating to facility closures, severance, Project LaunchPad, and the acquisition of Covance. Amortization expense for the quarter was $47 million, up from $22 million a year ago due to the impact of acquisitions. Operating income for the quarter was $321 million or 14.5% of revenue compared to $247 million or 16.3% last year. Excluding amortization, restructuring and special items of $70 million adjusted operating income was $391 million or 17.6% of revenue compared to $275 million or 18.2% last year. The increase in adjusted operating income is primarily due to the Covance acquisition, organic volume growth and productivity, partially offset by currency. Excluding the mix impact from Covance, the adjusted operating margin would have been 19.2%, an increase of 100 basis points over last year. Interest expense for the quarter was $58 million compared to $26 million last year. The increase was due to higher debt balances following the acquisition of Covance. The expense lower than last years 39.1% rate driven by the mix impact of Covance, the tax rate for the quarter was higher than our expected rate of 35%, as we had a greater percentage of our earnings generated in the US. For the remainder of the year, we expect an effective tax rate of approximately 36%. As a result, net earnings for the quarter were $168 million or $1.64 per diluted share compared to $141 million or $1.64 per diluted share last year. Excluding amortization, restructuring and other special items adjusted EPS were $2.09 in the quarter, up 14% from $1.84 last year. During the quarter operating cash flow was $397 million compared to $207 million last year, with the increase due to the acquisition of Covance, as well as improved earnings and working capital. Capital expenditures totaled $69 million compared to $48 million last year due to Covance. As a result free cash flow was $328 million compared to $159 million last year. At quarter-end our cash balance was $619 million compared to $446 million at the end of the first quarter. Total debt was approximately $6.8 billion. Our liquidity was approximately $1.6 billion consisting of cash and available credit. During the quarter, we invested $62 million in acquisitions and paid down $145 million of debt, reducing the companys leverage to 3.6 times net debt to last 12 months pro forma EBITDA.  Now I will review our segment performance. For comparative purposes, segment results are presented on a pro forma basis for all periods, as of the acquisition of Covance closed on January 1, 2014 and exclude amortization, restructuring, special items and unallocated corporate expenses. Reconciliations of segment results to historically reported results are included in today's press release and the current report filed today on Form 8-K. In addition, during the quarter we substantially completed our fair market value adjustments in accordance with purchase price accounting associated with the acquisition of Covance. This resulted in reduced depreciation expense of approximately $5 million in the quarter. We expect to complete our fair market value adjustments related to the acquisition by the end of the year.  Now I'll review the performance of LabCorp Diagnostics. Revenue for the quarter was $1.6 billion, an increase of 5.4% over last year. The increase in revenue was the result of strong organic volume, measured by requisitions, Beacon LBS, and tuck-in acquisitions, partially offset by currency. The increase in revenue of 5.4% includes the benefit from Beacon LBS of 1.1% and an unfavorable foreign currency translation of 0.7%.Total volume measured by requisitions increased by 4.7% of which organic volume was 4.3% and acquisition volume was 0.4%. Revenue per requisition increased by 0.2%. LabCorp Diagnostics adjusted operating income for the quarter was $347 million or 22% of revenue compared to $309 million or 20.7% last year. The increase was primarily due to strong volume growth and productivity. Improvement in productivity was driven in part by Project LaunchPad, which delivered approximately $15 million in savings in the quarter. We remain on-track to deliver approximately $50 million of LaunchPad savings in 2015. Now I'll discuss the performance of Covance Drug Development. Revenue for the quarter was $644 million, a decrease of 2.7% from last year. The strengthening US dollar negatively impacted revenue growth by approximately 450 basis points. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased 1.8% over last year due to volume growth, partially offset by unfavorable mix. The business experienced broad-based volume growth led by early development. We saw sequential improvement in the central lab business, but demand was lower than expected in our clinical business.  Adjusted operating income was $90 million or 14% of revenue compared to $85 million or 12.8% last year. The increase in profit and margin was primarily due to increased volume, lower depreciation expense, and cost synergies of approximately $10 million, partially offset by currency and mix. We are on track to deliver cost synergies in 2015 of approximately $35 million. Net orders during the quarter were $737 million, representing a net book-to-bill of 1.15, while backlog at quarter-end was $6.6 billion.  Now I'll update our 2015 guidance. We expect revenue growth of 40% to 42% inclusive of Covance as of February 19th after the impact of approximately 190 basis points of negative currency. We've assumed that foreign exchange rates stay at June 30, 2015 levels for the remainder of the year. We expect LabCorp Diagnostics to grow 3.5% to 5.5% in 2015, after the impact of approximately 70 basis points of negative currency. This is an increase from our prior guidance of 3% to 5%, primarily due to better-than-expected organic growth as well as the additional revenue from tuck-in acquisitions. We expect a change in Covance Drug Development net revenue to be in a range of minus 1.5% to 5% versus full year 2014 after the impact of approximately 320 basis points of negative currency. This is a decrease from our previous range of 0% to 2%. The lower guidance for Covance reflects lower-than-expected revenue conversion and orders in the clinical business, partially offset by 120 basis point improvement in currency. We expect 2015 adjusted EPS of $7.75 to $8 compared to prior guidance of $7.55 to $7.90. the increase in our guidance reflect strong second quarter performance and outlook for the year, as well as lower depreciation expense of approximately $0.10 per share due to purchase price accounting that was updated during the quarter. We expect operating cash flow in 2015 to be $990 million to $1.015 billion versus our prior guidance of $1.045 to $1.07 billion. Capital expenditures are expected to be $270 million to $295 million versus prior guidance of $325 million to $350 million. As a result, free cash flow remains unchanged from our prior guidance of $695 million to $745 million. Excluding net non-recurring acquisition items of approximately $120 million, we expect free cash flow of $815 million to $865 million unchanged from our prior guidance. Now I will turn the call back over to Dave before we take questions.
Dave King: Thank you Glenn. At this time I would like to comment on our announcement this morning that Joe Herring will retire at the end of this month and that Deborah Keller will succeed Joe as Chief Executive Officer of Covance. First I would like to thank Joe for his leadership, which helped make Covance the respected drug development organization that it is today, as well as the critical role he played during the merger and integration. During Joes tenure as CEO he successfully steered Covance through periods of strong growth and volatility. He led the expansion of Covances drug development offerings and the informatics capabilities and he remained steadfast in his dedication to the core principles of Covance, people, process, clients and science. I have great personal respect for Joe and I thank him for his many contributions to Covance. We all wish Joe well in his planned retirement. I am very pleased that Deb has accepted our offer to succeed Joe. Deb has been with Covance for 25 years, most recently serving as Executive Vice President and Group President of Covance R&D Laboratories, where she led an organization of more than 6000 employees at 18 facilities across the globe that generated nearly two thirds of Covances revenue. Shes a terrific leader who is well respected by our employees and clients with a clear commitment to bringing innovative new medicines to patients. Deb is absolutely the right candidate for this important role, and she distinguished herself during our succession process, in which we considered both internal and external candidates. Given the strong working relationship that Deb and I have developed I am confident that the leadership transition will be seamless.  This concludes our formal remarks and we are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby of Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert Willoughby: Thank you. Dave or Glenn, why the change in how you are thinking about the volume numbers, I see you break out the BeaconLBS, if I were a Florida United member left the sample prior to Beacon versus now is there a different revenue model here that why you call this out separately?
Dave King: Bob good morning its Dave. So the revenue model for BeaconLBS is that there is a payment who are all lab services that are delivered in the market to BeaconLBS some of that lab services will go through LabCorp some of that will go through the other network labs. The reason that we broke out 1.1% contribution is that is the revenue that BeaconLBS received that essentially as pass through to other network participants whereas the revenue the BeaconLBS receives that is take the LabCorp is reported in the diagnostics volume. So as we included essentially the pass through revenue in the -- in our volume numbers it would have given you with distorted perspective on either volume or price wherever we put it and thats why you see it separately.
Robert Willoughby: I got you, I got you that makes a lot of sense then. Just in [indiscernible] deal pipeline I see you are back to doing talk in so you can comment on the kinds of plans you are working out in the large sector and possibly outside the lab sector?
Dave King: Yes, so in the lab sector that the pipeline is very robust we are looking at wide variety of potential acquisition opportunities always thinking its -- as weve said many times about broadening the esoteric testing menu broadening our geographic footprint and anything else would be important from a strategic perspective. On the Covance side we are looking at a variety of potential acquisitions that could either complement some of the existing businesses, support continued data innovation efforts or otherwise round out the capabilities that we have and that we are committed to continuing to invest to grow.
Robert Willoughby: Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny of Evercore your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Cherny: Good morning guys.
Dave King: Good morning.
Michael Cherny: So first Glenn for you quick question just and clarify the moving pieces on the guidance, I heard you talk about that performance in the quarter and also the adjustment on the depreciation line, by my math if you leave the looks like your expectations for tax rate as well as [indiscernible] the implied share count, I want to just -- can you please confirm those two numbers?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, the share count should still be the -- roughly called 100 million shares outstanding for the year or so no change there. The tax rate we did have an estimate out before of around 35% we moved it up to around 36% consistent with what we saw in the second quarter and that was just based upon a mix of geographic earnings if you will little higher tax rate in the U.S. So those were the only changes there. And then for the guidance obviously weve taken it up weve also narrowed it even with the six months left to go so that the midpoint if you will of our guidance is now around $0.15 higher than what we would have shared in our prior guidance due to that performance we have in the quarter our outlook for the year as well as the benefit that we get for lower depreciation expense with -- doing our purchase priced account.
Michael Cherny: Now appreciate that you are just get to the earnings power and then I guess Dave and maybe Joe, Deborah if you want to pine you obviously I think relative to your expectations youve -- are hoping the clinical business perform a little better you talked about focusing on this scenario to reestablish growth, can you maybe talk about some of the specific focuses that you are putting in place to ensure that you can get a better close and some of those wins and get the order rate at the level that you would prefer?
Dave King: Yes, Michael thanks for the question. First let me say that from an overall order perspective central labs in the first six months of 2015 have all time record orders as you think about the two companies coming together where there is integration and an overlap at central labs and the clients are pouring volume in and kids going out of the door and kids coming back in or even starting to pick up during seasonally saw summer months which is, is how that business generally closed and early development which has been a business that weve been trying to restore those two it was actually the fact just going to be part of the portfolio, we have margin expansion and even during the most recent weeks and months which is seasonally saw orders are very strong.
Joe Herring: Clinical on the other hand had orders ramping to the end of last year but in the first six months of this year orders were softer and the backlog conversion has not been as fast as we would have hoped. One area where we think we can definitely improve its in the small and midsize clients weve recognized that early in the year we have added a dozen sales people and in fact in the second quarter proposals in Phase 2, 3 clinical were actually up a little more than 25% sequentially. So the actions we are taking are already making an impact at least some proposals and hopefully that flows through as to orders and eventually as revenue. The other item is that we have been very aggressively [indiscernible] Dave around the globe and introducing him to our clients, CEOs Head of R&D and the person with the longest relationship whether its me or Dave or a few other folks have been introducing Dave and he has played very, very well, our clients are not accustomed to see and someone who has a database with 17 million patients technology like the BeaconLBS we talked about to bring both to drug development, investigator site selection, patient identification, as well as new tools on the informatics side that we have been working on that Dave is totally up to speed on. So I guess my final comment there Michael is did the Phase 2, 3 clinical market is very strong I think you will see as our competitors continue to release results, the success that our clients are having in their pipeline as of late its a healthy market that we are serving and frankly the combination of Covance and LabCorp bring a tremendous set of tools that will enable us to win and in the recent industry surveys not ours but ones done by so called analyst clients repeatedly say they are actually more willing to work with Covance post merger than before because of similar things that I mentioned. So, we are working on it.
Michael Cherny: Great appreciate the color and Joe good luck on your retirement.
Joe Herring: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill of JP Morgan, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Lisa Gill: Hi, thanks very much and good morning. Joe just a follow up on that, can you maybe just [indiscernible] industry for a month time to just understand your comment around orders sharpening and inflow conversion isnt the market more competitive do you just -- did you expect this to come in overtime how should we think about that?
Joe Herring: Yes Lisa thank you for your question, I mean  give you what maybe sort of the new answered answer but we have a number of large clients who just happen to have portfolios that are a little bit slower as we go right now. For example, in central labs, we have a number of so source clients who plays every stick of their central labs work with us and every year for the last seven years weve had a different largest client and its not because weve lost work or gain work its more competitive its just how the pipeline flows and we have a couple of clients who are spending a tremendous amount in the launches and a little less in Phase 2, 3 clinical but they have a strong early clinical pipeline that will bring new volume hopefully in the coming quarters and into next year. So its sort of the vague reason of how former pipelines go and just been little bit softer for us but again I think the effort in small to mid clients as well as the differentiating tools that we are bringing position us to do well there and again the market is strong.
Dave King: And Lisa its Dave just add a little color to that when we talk about slower than typical revenue conversion this has to deal with the complexity of studies the fact that there maybe other modality such as imaging included in the study that has to be coordinated and patient visit. So it's not that  it's not that the studies aren't starting, it's just that they are taking longer from the placing of the order to the actual beginning of completion of recruitment, beginning of patient visits and that's  I think that's characteristics across all of the clinical businesses that comparable that we are seeing in the market.
Lisa Gill: And so based on what we saw on the first and second quarter Dave or Glenn can you just talk about that the updated guidance around Covance and how conservative you feel that is as we move towards the back half of the year?
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure Lisa. Obviously, while we have taken down the revenue guidance of Covance Drug Development it's still a growth rate I think in the midpoint on constant currency we are still up around 2.7%. As Joe spoke to I believe earlier we have really seen good growth in early development and the central labs and that remains unchanged where we saw the lower expectations for growth was really in the clinical business and again we talked about it or Dave just mentioned that the slower than expected revenue conversion as well as little bit softer on the order side, however, we feel pretty good about the outlook that we have now in part because that one part of the business that generated the lower than expected revenues the new orders that were getting now effectively are going to impact 2016 and beyond. So we do expect and the year what's embedded in our outlook is growth across all the main business lines of Covance year-over-year all be it currently a little bit lower than what we had originally envisioned. I guess on the positive side while we have seen a reduction in the revenue outlook and in the enterprise our top line revenue outlook continues to be roughly where it was actually it's up slightly because of the tuck-in acquisitions and as you saw we have also  obviously also taken up the leverage as we moved up the earnings per share guidance as well.
Lisa Gill: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan of Barclays Capital. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: Hi, thanks and good morning. I just want to start and ask about the genomic testing in the quarter and how much of a contributor that was the better pricing and then just any areas of the growth that you could highlight there?
Jay Boyle: Jack, this is Jay Boyle. Thank you for the question. We have seen growth in both the genomics and esoteric business that has helped drive our revenue per session for the quarter that we are really pleased with. We expect that to continue as we move into the back half of the year. And hope to continue to see that kind of growth and did you ask the second question I am sorry I missed it.
Jack Meehan: Yes, just maybe any areas that you could highlight within that or if you thought it was more broad based across the portfolio there?
Jay Boyle: Yes, you hit the narrow and ahead we have had  we are very pleased with obviously our volume growth and across both the core and the esoteric businesses and we expect that outlook continuing. I do really missed this point in that mentioning that our team has done a terrific job, this is the best of several quarters where we have had significant organic volume growth and volume growth across the board and it is in the esoteric genomic and also in the core area and has helped to give us the price that we have experienced this quarter.
Jack Meehan: Yes, great and then just as a last one on the commentary around M&A just with tuck-in deals there are any different thoughts around the way you think about leverage through your end and then just whether any of this was being driven by some of the regulatory and certainty out there. Thanks.
Dave King: Jack, it's Dave. Good morning. I am not sure what's driving the pipeline and it would be hard to give any kind of reasonable speculation. I will say in terms of our focus and perspective we continue to be focused on the same basic priorities as I mentioned which is the esoteric test menu and this strategic footprint and other potential strategic opportunities [indiscernible]. In terms of the leverage we have not changed our perspective which is we need to de-lever. We paid debts this quarter but at the same time we did a couple of tuck-ins because they were attractive opportunities and you can expect to see the same from us going forward while for paying more debts and we are doing tuck-in acquisitions. We will continue to de-lever and as Glenn said in his prepared comments that debt to EBITDA was 3.6 in the quarter so we have already started de-levering from where we were post close.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Isaac Ro: Good morning guys. Thank you. Dave I wanted to ask another question on Covance if I may, if we look back 90 days ago when you last offered guidance for the year and updated your views on the business, can you walk us through sort of what your assumptions were then and what changed during the quarter because I think in context to your comments around the revenue conversion and the complexity of studies but some more later items I would assume that there were lot of the studies who were working on you knew that they were going to be flat, so I am trying to figure out what led to sort of this [revised] due of 90 days later.
Dave King: Isaac, its Dave. Obviously, it's the time that we updated the Covance revenue guidance. We thought that we had very good visibility in the second half of the year. I would say we did have very good visibility in the second half of the year in early development and in central labs. In the clinical business, certain parts of the clinical business, the orders burn relatively quickly and we came up little short there from what we thought that we were going to accomplish in the quarter, which has an impact for the balance of the year and that's the reason why we've adjusted the guidance. Obviously, from my perspective and for the management team perspective, we're happy about it, but we have made the commitment as Joe said for even earlier in the year to invest in the growth of the clinical business and to take the steps necessary to put it back on track.
Isaac Ro: Great. And if we just sort of think about your guidance for this year at this point in second quarter, is it fair to say that your outlook is perhaps more conservative for the year than it would have been 90 days ago? Thank you.
Dave King: No. I dont think so at all. I think it was $0.15 raised in the low-end of which greater than 10 is the depreciation but the rest is due to be in our fourth projected forecast for the rest of the year. Signals there, we feel that the rest of the year is going to be strong. Obviously, as we have said on many occasions, the guidance encompasses a wide range of outcomes but I wouldnt describe it as either more conservative or more aggressive than what we've previously head out.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Keep in mind, Isaac, that the Covance business is a little more volatile than and less predictable than the historic lab core businesses. But in the second quarter we delivered sequential revenue growth of 20 million, call it, and sequential operating margin of nearly 20 million. So, better than expected. So, we'll fight on from here.
Isaac Ro: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman of Wells Fargo. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Gary Lieberman: Good morning and thanks for taking the question. Maybe on the clinical lab business, your organic volume growth was substantially stronger than some of your competitors. Do you think you're taking share or is something else going on?
Jay Boyle: Yes, Gary, this is Jay. Hard to determine whether we're actually taking share or not, but certainly our results speaks for themselves. It's as I mentioned earlier, it's across the board and they talked about the coordinated effort earlier. It's a credit to our sales leadership and then leadership in our divisions, where they're just totally focused on growth. We have a terrific hospital and manage care team that bring deals onboard which pave the way. So we're really pleased about the share that we are capturing.
Dave King: And Gary, this is Dave. Quick follow-up on that. Obviously, we've talked about the fact that we've won a couple of contracts last year. Those are -- had started to annualize and will fully annualize in the next quarter. So again I think the organic volume growth is very strong. You can reach your own conclusions about taking share but we're continuing to see strong organic volume growth through the beginning of the annualization of the business wins.
Gary Lieberman: Okay. And then maybe just any updated thoughts on the PAMA study and what you're thinking at this point?
Dave King: I think the only thing I can do is refer you to the comments that more cards being made at the CMS clinical lab meeting with respect to the timing. I emphasize again as I said I think on the last call, this is a very complex task for CMS. There are a lot of data points, there is a lot of information that they're trying to gather. They're trying to do it in a responsible way that's fair to the industry and also to the payer. We continue to be optimistic about the outcome and to take a -- we hope a positive and supportive approach to what CMS is trying to do.
Gary Lieberman: But any -- have your thoughts changed on the timing. Do you still expect or do you think it gets pushed off for years on?
Dave King: Well, I think they've said the timing of the rule is uncertain and so what we can do is go by what they said which is the timing of the rule is uncertain and it will be up to them to determine what that means with respect to implementation.
Gary Lieberman: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes, hi. Thank you and good morning. First question is around lab volume. Dave, last quarter I think you sounded a little bit more cautious and just volume trend in second half due to these contracts that are annualizing. Today, you guys grace second half revenue expectations for the diagnostic business. So, when you think about what is done today, what has changed, what is adding to your confidence and what are the dockets that are driving this bit of outlook for the second half?
Glenn Eisenberg: Hi, Ricky. This is Glenn. Maybe, at least I can start just a kind of level set that. One obviously, we have been consistently generating good volume. And as Dave commented the annualization of the revenue from the new contracts, really, you'll see in the second half of the year. So, we've benefitted in the first half. The other thing that will benefit in the second half obviously will be the tuck-in acquisitions that we have been doing as well as the BeaconLBS. That will be on for a full half versus the ACLA partial part of the first half of this year. So, consistent, still strong, good volume growth, but again tougher comps year-over-year when you just take it back to the basic organic diagnostics business.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And Dave, do you have any additional comments on that or should I move on to my Covance questions?
Dave King: No. I think Glenn has summarized it well. Volume has been strong. We have BeaconLBS contributing to revenue, which again is part of the overall volume perspective. I dont think a whole lot has changed in the outlook, Ricky. I think as you get further end of the year you have greater visibility and where you're going to come out. And as we get greater visibility into where we come out, we adjust the expectations accordingly.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. Then on the Covance side. Obviously, you were hearing that early stage is doing better. Lilly contract is a big part I think of that segment. So, can you just help us think through that contract, if I'm not mistaken it was a 10-year contract. So, can you just confirm the term of this contract, when she will be thinking about the end date and what percent of the revenues and what type of trends are we seeing from that business?
Joe Herring: Yes. Ricky, its Joe. I think you're talking about the Lilly agreement and that goes through 2019. The agreement continues to perform well and above the expectations and that's clearly in account that we've had Dave in. It's in really good shape. I think if you just take a step back, the fact that early development continues to see mid-to-higher single-digit revenue growth margin expansion capacity filling as well as our competitors doing well. And biotech funding is very constructive to the story. Obviously, central labs is the largest division of Covance and it's the most profitable. To see record orders and kits out and kits coming in sort of building up tail wins for later in the year and certainly for 2016, is very encouraging. So, Dave who led the recovery of early development, now has the whole enchilada and of course the great business that is central lab has been her baby. So, she can't wait to get her teeth into clinical as well as her arms around the whole thing and bring her years and years of experience to the company, fully to bear.
Ricky Goldwasser: So, Joe, given kind of like the mix that you're seeing in central lab, do you feel comfortable with potential opportunity to even increase margin on that segment because I noticed in the past we thought that maybe we've seen very nice margin expansion where tap it. So, given what you are seeing now coming through, are you more bullish on the margin opportunity there?
Joe Herring: Well let me say this, in my 18 and half years with the company, I have proven one thing for sure and that is that I cannot forecast central lab. Over the longer period of the time, it grows roughly 10%. I am very, very confident that we are in the early stages of accelerated growth in central labs. Our competitive position has improved. I think some -- we got a couple of competitors that are struggling. I think our clients like the incremental benefit of having the esoteric volume from lab core within the portfolio. And as you pointed out Ricky, there is good drop through on additional central lab volume. So, I think as we look towards the end of the year and in 2016, central lab is very constructive and I guess I would say Covance is stronger than ever in central lab.
Dave King: And Ricky, it's Dave. Just one additional comment there what Joe touched on as we add more genomic and esoteric capabilities to the Covance central lab business and particularly as we see great client interest in next gen sequencing exome capabilities that the lab core or central lab business is bringing that will have a natural positive effect on both pricing mix and margin in the central lab business.
Joe Herring: Finally, Ricky, we did add another self-source central lab client in the second quarter as well, which, as they ramp-up will be helpful.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy of William Blair. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Amanda Murphy: Hi, good morning. I had a couple more on Covance if I may? Joe and Dave I think another at your row today had talked about the strong RFP growth that I am wondering in another you've made an improvement. They know its knocking on that wall since last second quarter but have you seen any change there over the past few weeks and also did you talk about cancellation made at all from last quarter?
Joe Herring: Well, I guess proposal volume being up 25% sequentially is a very good factoid. It's early in the quarter to talk about what will translate into orders but we are much more out there and have better coverage. So, in terms of cancellation rates in clinical, keep in mind we were reporting net orders and so they are net of cancellations and we tend to just color cancellations. They were lower than historical run-rate in the first quarter and sort of at the historical run-rate in the second quarter.
Amanda Murphy: Okay, got it. And then I guess it's the longer term question, so you've obviously provided some revenue synergy target at a high level and then you also talked about to your point the RFP, flow, etcetera. So, just thinking about how we should be tracking your progress going forward, is there a certain book-to-bill number that you would consider to be a successful number going forward and to over what timeframe should we be looking for that that is in context of all the demand commentary that you laid out so far?
Dave King: Amanda, its Dave. I don't think it would be reasonable to point to one specific number and say that's a target or that's a goal or that represents success. I think what we'll be able to do over time is point to as we have specific instances of winning business due to the combination of the companion diagnostics in particular which we are very enthusiastic about and tell you how much that's contributed against the $300 million target. So, I think those will be better indicators to look for than one single number like the book-to-bill or a revenue growth rate.
Unidentified Company Representative: I would though, Amanda, remind you that during the really busy time of the acquisition of Covance, we posted two consecutive record order quarters; fourth quarter was an all-time record, the first quarter was an all-time record. In the second quarter we had a couple of large clinical studies that we expected to win that pushed out the second quarter into the third quarter. So, we had a book-to-bill of 1.15, which is respectable. It's not the record that we had in Q3 and Q4. But, also keep in mind that roughly a third of our revenue is in the pre-clinical area where a book-to-bill of 1.0 to 1 is sort of which target. So, 1.15 for us compared to a predominately clinical company, we translate into something much more like maybe 1.25 to 1. So, good orders, not as great as they were the last two quarters but we are out there fighting.
Amanda Murphy: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice of UBS. Your line is open, please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Hello everybody. I guess prior to the merger from the Covance side, I think it was publicly discussed that Sanofi was restructuring it's -- planning to restructure its partnership with Covance. I haven't heard a lot of discussion about that since the merger. Can you just update us, is that restructuring still likely to happen later this year and how would that impact the back half guidance or next year's guidance, is that reflected in there?
Dave King: Yes, thanks for the question. First of all, all of this is in our [S4 dial] filings and it's in all the forecast that we've talked about. There's two parts. The larger part of the agreement at a -- and that is the services agreement, Sanofi volume with Covance's 5x prior to what we had before we did the agreement. The asset agreement were for the two specific sites and our continued expectations is that agreement will not be renewed but every day is sort of something new. That's about roughly about $70 million a year, but again all of that's fully disclosed. It's in all of our forecast and in all the expectations.
A.J. Rice: Okay, and that's presumably in the guidance that the consolidated companies are offering out as well.
Dave King: Yes.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, it is.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Then just on the lab side, maybe just Dave or anyone else want to comment. It's been on the news lately the idea of consumers being able to drive their own test. There's been changes in Arizona to allow at least some consumer making the decision to ask for test directly I don't know if I've ever heard you guys express a view on that. You guys have a position on whether you're supportive of that or not and what you think the implications would be?
Dave King: A. J., its Dave. We agree in the first instance that consumer engagement is extremely important in their own responsibility for healthcare and for years we pushed. When I came to this company and most states it was illegal for consumers to get their own lab results without getting permission from their doctor. We push for years and finally AJ just responded with the regulation to allow that. So, consumer engagement is extremely important. We do need to think about the consequences of consumer self-ordering, one of which is the patient doesn't understand the test result. Two, is the patient decides to start self-treating now that they've got the lab test result. So, we've said and we've been open about, we will have a direct consumer business under the lab core brand by the end of the year. We are not going to do it in a way that disintermediates positions, we are going to do it in a responsible and a compliant way. And we are very sensitive to the importance of physician interpretation of [test] as well as the need to combine individual test results with other signs and symptoms of disease. So, I think we've been clear in that position and again we continue to support consumer engagement but in a responsible and compliant and measured way.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Alright. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dave Francis of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Dave Francis: Hi, good morning. Most of my questions have been answered. Just real quick though with Joe leaving the company, Dave, I was wondering if as you guys get deeper into the integration process for the business is if there is any other contemplated changes to the leadership team or otherwise on either side of the business? Thanks.
Dave King: Obviously, we've had some leadership transition at Covance, already all of which was planned as part of the merger synergies. We feel like we've got a strong leadership team in place. Deb was going to be a terrific leader. I am sure overtime that she will want to make some tweaks to her team as every CEO does, but there is nothing planned in terms of major leadership or major structural changes.
Dave Francis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo of Robert W. Baird. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Whit Mayo: Hey, thanks. I think you guys called out 15 million of synergies with Covance. Was that all realized in the second quarter or is that a year-to-date number?
Glenn Eisenberg: That was realized in the second quarter, at current run rate.
Whit Mayo: Okay, great. Did you realize any in the first quarter or is it fairly immaterial at that point?
Glenn Eisenberg: This is on the -- I guess, on the Covance side we did around five in the first quarter, call it 10 in the second and again with the target this year of 35. So, obviously, we are delivering solidly on our expectations but the longer term over the three years on a cost savings standpoint, it was going to be call it a 100 million and again we are on track for that.
Whit Mayo: Yes, got it. And my last question, Dave, I think I have heard you say in your prepared remarks that Covance is having a number of conversations with various former customers about some preferred partner relationship or something along those lines. Can you just elaborate a little bit more on that and is that something that's actually new?
Dave King: Well, the conversations of that for why the relationships are not new. I think what's new is the range of capabilities that we bring to the table. Now Covance has always had the unique position in the drug development business of having the combination of early clinical and central lab. But I think that the lab core capabilities, the incremental lab capabilities, the data, the companion diagnostics expertise that compliments with Covance has and obviously the scale and infrastructure for some of the priorities around real world evidence, these are very, very interesting to our clients. Glenn and I have in fact done several clients visits over the past two weeks and there is a new level of interest about -- first of all I want to understand the rationale for the merger, then I want to understand how can that lead to a broader scientific collaboration, how can that lead to broader capabilities collaboration, how can that lead to execution of some of their priorities. And so, we're enthusiastic about the opportunity to grow some of these existing relationships and add some new ones.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our question-and-answer period. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Dave King: Thank you very much. We appreciate your time this morning and wish you a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Have a great -- rest of your day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Surdez - VP, IR Dave King - Chairman and CEO Glenn Eisenberg - EVP and CFO Jay Boyle - CEO of LabCorp Diagnostics Joe Herring - CEO of Covance Drug Development
Analysts: Robert Willoughby - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities Bill Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Michael Cherny - Evercore ISI Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse Amanda Murphy - William Blair Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley A.J. Rice - UBS David Clair - Piper Jaffray Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q1 2015 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. My name is Latoya and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. However, to maximize time please limit your questions to one and one follow-up. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Mr. Paul Surdez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Paul Surdez: Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's first quarter 2015 conference call. With me today are, Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jay Boyle, Chief Executive Officer of LabCorp Diagnostics and Joe Herring, Chief Executive Officer of Covance Drug Development. Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, in addition to our press release we filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations, both of which are available on our Web site at www.labcorp.com. Please refer to today's press release, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS, free cash flow and adjusted operating income. Finally, we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect our financial results. Some of these factors are set-forth in detail in our 2014 10-K and in our subsequent filings with the SEC. We have no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
Dave King: Thank you, Paul. When we announced the acquisition of Covance, we said that the timing was excellent because the lab business was showing strength after a couple of very challenging years from a regulatory and reimbursement perspective. The acquisition would provide us with new opportunities in an industry that is closely adjacent to ours and the combined capabilities of our businesses would provide exciting new opportunities for long-term revenue and profit growth. Our operating performance in the first quarter in my judgment demonstrates the wisdom of our decision to make this transformational move. First, LabCorp Diagnostics delivered an exceptional quarter. Pro forma net revenue increased 4.9% over last year to 1.5 billion, despite 30 million lost due to weather during the quarter. Organic volume was a very strong 5.2%. Pricing was relatively stable with revenue per requisition declining a modest 60 basis points, mostly attributable to mix. LabCorp Diagnostic's s strong revenue growth leveraged its operating income growth. Pro forma adjusted operating income now excluding amortization increased 150 basis points over the first quarter of 2014 to 20.2% of net revenue or 18.9% including amortization. The business benefited from excellent expense control and improvement in productivity driven largely by Project LaunchPad, which includes a number of projects that target procurement, bad debt, service delivery at our patient service centers and revenue cycle management to improve the experience of everyone involved in our clinical diagnostics value chain. LaunchPad is progressing well and we are on-track to deliver 50 million of net savings in 2015. Second, the Covance project development segment reported strong full quarter net orders of $855 million generating a very impressive book-to-bill ratio of 1.37. Revenue growth for the full quarter on a constant currency basis increased 2.2% over last year, with strong performance from the early development business, partially offset by unfavorable mix in central labs. Although our growth rate was more than expected we achieved record orders for the quarter positioning us for improved revenue performance overtime. In addition, Covance drug development is on-track to deliver cost synergies in 2015 of approximately 35 million. Third, we continue to see examples of clients coming to LabCorp for the power of our combined businesses. As a reminder, we expect to drive more than $300 million in incremental annual revenue by 2018 through accelerated clinical trial enrollment, end-to-end capabilities and companion diagnostics and combined infrastructure that will improve real world trials. Client continue to express interest in the utility of our unique patient data to deliver fast and efficient patient enrollment, as well as enhanced study and feasibility plans. We have a specific example of the power of our data to help win a clinical study on our fourth quarter call. Since then we've had several examples of using LabCorp data to assist us in winning business. One example I would like to highlight is a request for proposal from a biotechnology company to conduct a late-stage trial with an experimental antibiotic in patients with serious life threatening staph infections including MRSA. These infections are increasingly resistant to establish treatments. If successful the results would be submitted to the U.S. FDA for accelerated approval of the antibiotic under new guidelines designed to strengthen the countries stockpile of affective antibiotic and anti-microbial agents. Using our combined data set we were able to generate a geographic heat map that visually depicted where we had a match to the trial criteria. The client awarded the project to Covance and the trial would be enrolling for the next 18 months. The data will be used to target known areas with an increased prevalence of the underlying infection which can go a long way in speeding study start-up, one of the most time intensive aspects of running a clinical trial. If the study is successful Covance and LabCorp will have helped a client get a new treatment against deadly infections to doctors and patients sooner meeting an important medical need and vividly demonstrating how only months after the merger we are already capitalizing on the promise of our combined company. Furthermore, several customers of LabCorps legacy bio-analytical laboratory Tandem recently awarded multiple components of early R&D projects to us, rather than their past practice of using CROs for bio-analytical toxicology and other chemistry services. The broader more comprehensive platform that we have as a result of the acquisition provides our customers a one-stop-shop in their efforts to improve efficiency and reduce the cost of drug development. These are examples of the opportunities for revenue and profit growth that we are uniquely positioned to deliver as the world's leading healthcare diagnostics company. I would now like to provide an update on recent regulatory and reimbursement developments. First, the passage of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 removes the overhang for potential payment reductions that have been implemented in prior years to pay for the legislated decision to suspend the impact of the sustainable growth rate adjustment to the physician fee schedule, also known as the doc fix. This is a positive development for the clinical laboratory industry and we commend congress and the administration for a constructive solution to a problem that has vexed the Medicare system and those of us who provide care for the Nations elderly patients for many years. Second, we await CMS preliminary rule on its methodology underlying the market-wide survey proposed in the PAMA legislation. The congressional attempt was clear that this analysis should encompass independent and hospital laboratories to appropriately determine market rates. We have met on multiple occasions with CMS to discuss a practical approach to gathering the survey data and we appreciate CMS thoughtful consideration of this extremely complex task. Third, we continue to express our disagreement with FDAs draft guidance on laboratory developed tests. This unnecessary regulatory burden will increase costs and slow innovation in laboratory medicine and will be terribly harmful to patient care. As always, we are engaged in dialogue with CMS, the FDA, members of congress, ACLA and other stakeholders on all of these matters. Our goal is to protect patient interests, secure reimbursement of medically necessary tests and enable innovation in laboratory medicine. Finally, I'm pleased to update you on our progress in expanding our capabilities to change the way care is delivered. We are doing this through the development and commercialization of technology-enabled solutions and we now have two services in play. The BeaconLBS team achieved its goal of full implementation earlier this month. BeaconLBS technology-enabled solutions are modernizing healthcare by conveniently incorporating laboratory decision support into provider workflow and we will continue to enhance LBS overtime to provide broader physician decision support, as well as timely feedback to physicians about their test ordering patterns and patient compliance with the tests they have ordered. This innovation promotes the use of the appropriate test for the appropriate patient at the appropriate time to enhance care and improve outcomes. I want to commend the entire BeaconLBS team on their unstinting efforts to introduce this innovation into clinical practice. Enlighten Health is expanding by combining our informatics and analytics capabilities to support our revenue growth opportunities. Enlighten Health is the second cornerstone of our strategy to create technology-enabled solutions for our customers, which will add to our extensive suite of services in both clinical diagnostics and drug development. We are enthusiastic about the opportunities that lie ahead for both of these businesses. This is an exciting time for our company and our 48,000 employees around the world. I deeply appreciate their hard work in growing the business, executing flawlessly through the closing of the Covance acquisition and fulfilling our mission of improving lives and improving health. We remain confident in the long-term opportunities for our company and expect to continue to deliver profitable growth and create value for shareholders for many years to come. Now I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Dave. I'm going to start my comments with the review of our consolidated first quarter results followed by a discussion of our LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance drug development segments and conclude with an update on our 2015 guidance. The following consolidated results include Covance as of February 19, 2015. Revenue for the quarter was $1.8 billion, an increase of 24% over last year. The acquisition of Covance contributed 267 million from the date of closing, driving 19% year-over-year revenue growth with the other 5% primarily due to strong organic volume across both core and esoteric testing. Gross profit for the quarter was $596 million or 33.6% of revenue. This compares to 517 million or 36.1% last year. Excluding $33 million of one-time acquisition-related costs gross profit was $629 million or 35.5% of revenue. The increase in gross profit dollars was due primarily to the acquisition of Covance, as well as organic volume and productivity. Excluding Covance gross margin would have been 36.9%, an increase of 80 basis points over last year. SG&A for the quarter was $415 million or 23.4% of revenue compared to 285 million or 19.9% last year. Excluding special charges of $87 million related to the acquisition of Covance and Project LaunchPad, SG&A in the quarter was $328 million or 18.5% of revenue, 140 basis point reduction versus last year. The increase in SG&A was due primarily to the acquisition of Covance and labor inflation. The reduction in SG&A as a percentage of revenue was due to the impact of the Covance acquisition, as well as tight expense controls and a reduction in our bad debt rate. Excluding Covance SG&A as a percentage of revenue would have been 19.3% an improvement of 60 basis points over last year. During the quarter, we recorded $139 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily relating to the Covance acquisition. Amortization expense for the quarter was $31 million up from 21 million a year ago due to the acquisition. Operating income for the quarter was $130 million or 7.3% of revenue compared to 203 million or 14.2% last year. Excluding amortization, restructuring and special items of $170 million adjusted operating income was 300 million or 16.9% of revenue compared to 232 million or 16.2% last year. Beginning with this quarter we are excluding amortization from adjusted operating income to be consistent with our calculation of adjusted EPS. The exclusion of amortization benefited operating income margin in the quarter by 1.8% compared to 1.5% last year. Interest expense for the quarter was $104 million compared to 26 million last year. The increase was primarily driven by non-recurring acquisition-related items of $53 million and higher debt balances to fund the acquisition. The tax rate for the quarter was 96.7%, higher than last year's 39.5% rate due to the tax treatment of one-time acquisition-related charges. Excluding these charges the effective tax rate for the quarter was 35.8%. The decline in the tax rate from a year ago was driven by the mix impact of Covance which has a greater percentage of its earnings from lower tax rate foreign jurisdictions than our base business. Net earnings for the quarter were negatively impacted by restructuring and special items of 141 million after tax, as a result net earnings for the quarter were $1 million or $0.01 per diluted share compared to 113 million or $1.31 per diluted share last year. Excluding amortization, restructuring and other special items adjusted EPS were $1.73 in the quarter, up 15% from $1.51 last year. During the quarter operating cash flow was negative $87 million compared to $142 million last year as we incurred approximately $154 million of one-time charges relating to the acquisition of Covance, excluding these items operating cash flow was $67 million. The decline in cash flow was due to Covance's seasonal use of cash, partially offset by improved earnings and working capital in our base business. Capital expenditures totaled $34 million compared to 56 million last year as a result free cash flow was negative $121 million compared to 86 million last year, excluding acquisition-related nonrecurring items, free cash flow for the quarter was $33 million. At quarter-end our cash balance was $446 million during the quarter we raised $3.9 billion in debt to fund the Covance acquisition at a blended interest rate of approximately 3.2% with a weighted average maturity of approximately 12 years. Total debt at quarter-end was approximately $6.9 billion. Our liquidity at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.3 billion consisting of cash in unutilized credit. We now manage and report as two operating segments LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development. Segment results are presented on a pro forma basis for all periods, as of the acquisition of Covance closed on January 1, 2014 and exclude amortization, restructuring, special items and unallocated corporate expenses. Segment definitions and reconciliations of segment results to historically reported results are included in today's press release and the current report filed today on Form 8-K. First I'll review the performance of LabCorp Diagnostics. Pro forma revenue for the quarter was $1.5 billion, an increase of 4.9% over last year. The increase in revenue was the result of volume measured by requisitions and tuck-in acquisitions, partially offset by price mix and currency. The increase in net revenue of 4.9% includes unfavorable foreign currency translation of 0.7% and a decrease in revenue per requisition of 0.6%. Total volume measured by requisitions increased by 6% of which organic volume was 5.2% and acquisition volume was 0.8%. LabCorp Diagnostics pro forma adjusted operating income for the quarter was $300 million or 20.2% of revenue. Compared to 265 million or 18.7% of revenue last year including amortization, margins would have been 18.9% versus 17.3% last year. The increase was primarily due to strong volume growth and productivity, partially offset by pricing mix. Improvement in productivity was driven by labor efficiency and our project LaunchPad initiative which delivered approximately $10 million in savings in the quarter. These benefits included procurement savings, bad debt rate reduction and headcount. We remain on-track to deliver approximately $50 million of LaunchPad savings in 2015. Now I'll discuss the performance of Covance Drug Development. Pro forma revenue for the quarter was $625 million, a decrease of 1.9% from 637 million last year. The strengthening U.S. dollar negatively impacted revenue growth by approximately 410 basis points. On a constant currency basis revenue increased to 2.2% over last year on increased volume partially offset by business mix. Pro forma adjusted operating income was $72 million or 11.6% of revenue compared to 77 million or 12.1% last year. The decline in operating margin reflects the impact of currency and unfavorable mix, partially offset by increased volume. Changes in mix resulted from stronger growth in the early development business and lower revenue per kit in essential lab business. Operating income benefited from approximately $5 million of cost synergies relating to the integration of Covance. We are on-track to deliver cost synergies in 2015 of approximately $35 million. Net orders during the quarter were 155 million, representing a net book-to-bill of 1.37. Backlog at the end of the quarter was $6.4 billion. This figure reflects the change in methodology from how Covance accounted for its backlogs historically. We have excluded committed minimum volume backlog that is not yet associated with specific project awards. In addition we've adjusted the backlog to reflect the segments current configuration. A reconciliation of beginning to ending backlog is included in our current report filed today on Form 8-K. Now I'll comment on our 2015 guidance. We expect revenue growth of 39% to 42% inclusive of Covance as of February 19th after the impact of approximately 230 basis points of negative currency. We've assumed that the foreign exchange rates stay at March 31, 2015 levels for the remainder of the year, resulting in an additional 70 basis points headwind versus our previous guidance which used rates as of January 31st. We expect LabCorp Diagnostics to grow 3% to 5% in 2015, after the impact of approximately 70 basis points of negative currency. Covance Drug Development is expected to grow 0% to 2% versus full year 2014 after the impact of approximately 440 basis points of negative currency. The lower guidance for Covance reflects an additional 110 basis point headwind from currency versus prior guidance, as well as unfavorable mix in the central lab business and lower than expected revenue conversion in the clinical business. We expect 2015 adjusted EPS of $7.55 to $7.90 compared to $6.80 last year. We estimate approximately 100 million total weighted average diluted shares outstanding for 2015. Operating cash flow in 2015 is expected to be 1.045 billion to 1.07 billion. Capital expenditures of 325 million to 350 million and free cash flow of 695 million to 745 million. Operating and free cash flow estimates are reduced by approximately $120 million of net non-recurring items related to the Covance acquisition. These items include advisory fees, the makewhole payment on Covances notes and change in control payments partially offset by paying only one of the semi-annual interest payments on the acquisition debt in 2015. The $30 million reduction in operating and free cash flow from prior guidance is due to a reclassification which increased acquisition-related charges and decreased the acquisition cash purchase price. Excluding the net non-recurring items we expect free cash flow to be 815 million to 855 million unchanged from our prior guidance. This concludes our formal remarks and well now take questions, operator? Operator, well now take some questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Robert Willoughby with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Robert Willoughby: The one-time cash needs for Covance for the year were about 30 million from the initial estimate what drove that?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Robert this is Glenn it's effectively a reclassification, what we had assumed at the time we announced our deal and provided the guidance as you know was kind of the day after closing was we had to assume how much was going to be the purchase price and cash for the value of the business and then the subsequent events of one-time deal-related advisory CIC and so forth. 30 million that we assumed would be part of the purchase price based upon the accounting would now be treated as cash from operating activities so effectively what we've done is weve increased or decreased cash from operating activities by about 30 million, decreased the purchase price cash that we paid for the acquisition so from a cash standpoint there is no change, so when you look at free cash flow though we obviously have to -- and you gave that 30 million but again effectively when you exclude the deal-related our free cash flow excluding one-time deal-related is the same as what weve provided as guidance when we established it back in February.
Robert Willoughby: And we have Project LaunchPad cost and what you are going to spend to achieve the Covance deal synergies, do you have any target for the other restructuring expense for the year that was still tracking a higher level?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes Id say for the most part all of the, Ill call it deal-related charges were done in the first quarter, the only difference will be some additional CIC payments that would be paid out as people would potentially exit the company if they were part of the synergies. The other restructuring if you will, will continue to be as we execute and implement our Project LaunchPad, primarily there is some advisory fees in that but that will start to go away and then it really will be just the cost associated with executing on those programs so whether it would be facility rationalization, headcount reduction and so forth there will be some additional one-time charges as weve told you before what we've also done is when we provide savings from effectively whether it's Covance synergies or LaunchPad savings we do it on a net basis relative to ongoing cost that would be needed to support those savings, so for example if we implement a new systems to support a LaunchPad initiative the ongoing depreciation or additional cost would be netted out of those savings.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Lisa Gill: As I look at the guidance for Covance going forward it looks like the expectation is from here that the trend is going to get better so one Glenn am I looking at that correctly and then secondly Dave when you talk the most recent biotech opportunity, last quarter if I remember correctly Joe had quantified the size of it, are you comfortable quantifying the size of what you talked about today?
Dave King: Lisa, it's Dave. Unfortunately I don't have the size of the opportunity I just got the information shortly before the call this morning, so let us reflect on that and then we can deal with it after the call.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes the only thing Id add Lisa too and ask Joe if he wants to add color to it as that Covance is expected to see continued improvement as it progresses sequentially throughout the year again the only caveat obviously would be the potential impact of currency where were assuming that that's flat and not only do we expect to see improved revenue growth sequentially throughout the year in the business, by what the benefit of the synergy capture that we expect we should be able to leverage those incremental sales very well.
Joe Herring: The revenue opportunity is in the range of 10 million.
Lisa Gill: In the range of $10 million, okay. And then just lastly as we look at this and we look at the results incredibly strong Dave as you talked about in LabCorp but can you give us any more color around that 5% organic I know you said both core and esoteric growing but can you talk about may be what some of the key trends for around that growth in the quarter and substantially better than what we're seeing kind of across the industry?
Dave King: Yes. I'll make a couple of comments and then I'll ask Jay who runs the business if he wants to add anything. First of all, obviously it's a one of the strongest quarters we've had in recent years and so I want to give credit to our senior operating team, our leadership and everyone of the 36,000 up and down from top to bottom who have made it possible, its just a tremendous effort in maintaining the quality of service and the quality of our work as the volume increases, so kudos to the entire leadership team. We won some business last year, we won a couple of significant contracts and those absolutely have helped us in terms of volume growth and just to focus expectations for the latter part of the year those will be annualizing by the end of the second quarter so obviously we will see a once those annualize you will see a little bit different volume growth characteristics but 5.2% organic volume is just an outstanding performance and I am very proud of the team for that. Jay?
Jay Boyle: Thank you, Dave and thank you Lisa for noting that. Dave kind of hit on some of the things that I would have talked about, he talked about our people and I think it really does start there. We have just an outstanding salesforce, we have outstanding senior leadership and the thing that I'm pleased about is as you can imagine there is a lot of excitement around this business right now and the opportunities that we have in front of us with the acquisition of Covance and it was important that our people stayed focused on growing the business which is what they have done. In addition to that we have some outstanding relationships with our managed care partners and were seeing growth across the board in both the esoteric and the core business, but particularly in our managed care sector and our hospital reference business because of the contracts and the awards that we won Dave alluded to earlier so were really pleased and as Dave mentioned were going to continue, we expect to continue to grow our volume well have tougher comps as we head through the back half of this year but we look forward to continued good performances and thank you for noticing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Gary Lieberman: Is it possible for you to quantify the impact of the new business as it annualizes in the second quarter and the rest of the year organic volume growth?
Dave King: Gary. It's Dave. Generally as you know we don't breakout specific contributions to volume and revenue growth other than at a high level as we have with volume growth price impact and currency so I would say the answer to your question is no, it's possible but were not going to do it.
Gary Lieberman: The organic volume growth benefit in any way from Covance I thought you might have mentioned that there were some testing that shifted over to LabCorp?
Glenn Eisenberg: No Id say by definition organic we've excluded all acquisition-related volume from that we have said and as I guess Dave alluded to earlier that the organic growth was 5.2% in the diagnostic side we did share with you that an acquisitions contributed an additional 0.8 from the volume that we would have done from those acquisitions but organic is excluding it.
Gary Lieberman: And then may be going back to the comments on the biotech win you mentioned that you created a heat map to sort of figure out I guess geographically where the patients were, what's the dynamic in terms of reaching the physician who can then reach out to the patient or was that not appropriate in this case?
Dave King: No obviously one of the ways that we support trial recruitment is for patients who have a direct relationship with us we can reach out to them and for patients who we don't have a direct relationship with that is they havent signed up for the patient portal or given us an email address or other ways in which we can contact them directly then we go to the physician and we highlight to the physician the opportunity that they have patients who are trial-eligible and would they like to recruit the patients in the trial. Obviously given the acuity of these types of infections one would expect the physician response rate and the patient response rate to be fairly high.
Joe Herring: Yes. This is Joe. I'd like to just add how unique this asset is in the combined company. Keep in mind that Covance is directly connected to 50% of all clinical trial patients in the world and when you add that to longitudinal database of 75 million of LabCorp when you can query both of those extensive databases and use informatics capabilities and data display to show the sponsors where the patients are and then following the appropriate HIPAA guidelines to be able to either contact them directly or through a physician is really an unmatched asset on this planet. And we have a couple of wins in a very short amount of time and we are highly motivated to automate that capability and use it as a real competitive advantage and ultimately that means sponsors get their drugs to market faster which benefits them and ultimately patients get new life saving medications like the one Dave mentioned that attacks, among other infections most of which is very resistant to current therapy, so it's really a win for everybody.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Bonello with Craig-Hallum. Please proceed.
Bill Bonello: It looks like a very strong quarter. I wanted to just focus on CRO revenue piece and just have you may be give us a little bit more color besides currency what changed in your thinking in terms of the CRO revenue guidance or the Covance revenue guidance and kind of how that relates or contrasts with the very strong book-to-bill and sort of which numbers are more important to read into?
Dave King: Bill, good morning its Dave I am going to make a couple of preliminary comments and then let Joe give you more detail, the first thing I want to highlight is, if you adjust for the impact of currency we are still guiding to 4.4% to 6.4% revenue growth, so that in my view is very strong growth guidance on a year-over-year constant currency basis. As we indicated in the prepared comments, the major impacts were strong growth and early development which mixes us down and reimbursement or price per kit in central labs which also mixes us down from a revenue growth perspective. But the orders and the book-to-bill are extremely impressive and so we feel terrific about the long-term revenue growth opportunity and as has been previously mentioned obviously the guidance implies that revenue growth increases later in the year. So with that, my perspective is we had a lot of currency headwind but the base business, the base Covance business is performing very well and with that I'll turn it over to Joe for further comments.
Joe Herring: Yes first of all for the second consecutive quarter Covance reported record new orders. If you followed us historically we had 12 consecutive quarters where net orders started with a seven and weve pushed through 800 million in the fourth quarter and then 855 million in the first quarter and that is right in the middle of announcing the combination of our companies and trying to keep people on-track and keeping them focused so to have record order quarters is pretty impressive. In fact they were so impressive we did an independent market research project where it was blinded and clients said they were actually more inclined to include Covance in the bid list and to consider Covance as combined with LabCorp than even Covance on its own. When you think about the 855 million in net orders that is overwhelmingly and both central labs and clinical thats where our orders come and those dont start producing revenue generally for six to nine, and more like nine to 12 months so there is a little bit of a delayed reaction. In terms of the revenue softness being softer than what we expected, it is overwhelmingly related to central labs and it's personally frustrating for me and the whole Covance team because record orders in the first quarter we had record kits going out the door and so the engine is stoked but for the vagaries of central lab not as many kits have come in so far and the ones that have come in either have revenue per test or geographic or therapeutic mix which is less than what we were expecting. Keep in mind that for the past 10 years whether you look at a three or five or a 10 year CAGR Covance, central lab grows 10% and thats what weve projected for the year and last year it was much higher than that and this year so far its much lower but we are projecting much stronger kits in the second half of the year and thats what you see in our revenue guidance. Secondary to that was slower than expected conversion of clinical studies, and again that happens from time-to-time but clinical also had greater orders and then that marries off against really strong performances in early development, our market access business and early clinical, so that thrown in the blender with the FX headwind and thats where we are but again we are optimistic looking forward.
Bill Bonello: That was an awesome explanation and makes us feel much better about the lookout, or the outlook I guess. And just if I can ask one completely unrelated question, Dave, can you give us any thoughts on when BeaconLBS will be expanded to either other payers beyond United or to other markets beyond Florida?
Dave King: Bill. It's our goal to expand BeaconLBS both to additional markets and to additional payors and that's -- we had a number of discussions with additional payors. Obviously we've been live for a relatively short period of time, we got to get some experience under our belt and well look forward to updating you on progress and when those expansions will occur overtime.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cherny with Evercore. Please proceed.
Michael Cherny: So I just want to dive in a little bit more. Joe, you mentioned some of the book-to-bill numbers. You've seen the really strong trends last couple of quarters. As you think about how you make those discussions with some of these biotechs, using maybe the one as an example in terms of the trial that you were pleased with, how are you going to get the proof points out? Will you be able to provide interim data in terms of the way that some of these enrollment processes are going on these trials where you can go out and further prove just how successful it has been on an early basis? Or I guess given that you won't have the proof points of how successful these trials are early on, is it still just the promise of what you can deliver verses maybe necessarily having actual results for how successful this will be?
Joe Herring: Well, first of all, all of our relationships with clients as well as specific study data is contractually confidential and if you look at the history of our company, and frankly our competitors you know we really only make specific comments along those lines when the customer wants to publish the data and it would not surprise me, if these first two studies if they perform as we thought, clients may want to say something about that, they could, I think they're very excited about being able to actually see where the patients are which makes them much more confident that a CRO can enroll the trial on-time or faster. But again it's the clients decision on that, not ours.
Michael Cherny: And then just you talked about central lab, you talked a bit about late stage. Can you just give us a little bit more color, as well on early stage and some of the underlying performance there and what you are seeing from both the strengths and potential challenges perspective?
Joe Herring: Well a fundamental sort of canary in the coal mine is biotech funding and you know it's been at a very-very high level and those clients basically help build the capacity for Covance and our major competitors. Secondly, a number of pharma companies are as you well know starting to have better productivity from their pipeline and they're more enthusiastic about investing in R&D and knowing that they're going to get a return on their R&D investments, so some of those are coming back to for. That didn't really happen in the first quarter but the new wins and the forward outlook anticipates pharma at sort of getting back to work I guess I would say. But the strength of the early development business in the industry in total is very encouraging after the last four or five years of less than expected performance.
Operator: The next question comes from Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Glen Santangelo: Just two quick questions, Dave, wanted to follow up on the Covance margins. If I hear what you are saying correctly on the revenue side, it kind of sounds like there was unfavorable mix and the central lab as being one of the big contributors to the lower-than-expected revenues and is that primarily what explains maybe the slightly weaker-than-expected margins? And if we assume that the trend in central labs reverses itself throughout the balance of the year, should we see that positively impact the margin line in the balance of the year as well?
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes Glen, this Glenn Eisenberg, let me take a first cut and Dave and Joe may want to step in. But to your point during the quarter obviously margins came down but principally due to the impact of currency but also the mix of the business so the benefit was obviously we got some volume benefit as well as the synergy savings. As we project out in the business going forward we do have a more positive outlook, volume is going to continue to improve, hopefully the mix will start to improve and we know we're going to get the synergies to continue to grow so our expectation for the business will be again continued top-line growth as we go throughout the year subject to the currency impact obviously but especially leveraging those sales well.
Glen Santangelo: Maybe if I can just follow-up with one question on the diagnostics side. The pricing, the rev per requisition was down 60 basis points, which seems like another small sequential improvement from where we were trending in fiscal 2014. Dave, maybe could you update us what is going on there and sort of your outlook on lab pricing for the balance of the year?
Dave King: Yes, sure Glen. Obviously the 60 basis points is both a sequential improvement and a significant year-over-year improvement and basically the big driver of the 60 basis points and reported decline is just payor mix so we continue to see uninsured patients moving to exchange or manages Medicaid products and that has a downward impact on the revenue per requisition and so I think we're actually looping our way through that as I see a enrollment completes and stabilizes but that to me is kind of the primary reason and as I say we feel pretty good about it because unit price is not going down what we're seeing is mix-driven price impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amanda Murphy with William Blair. Please proceed.
Amanda Murphy: Just had a follow-up on the guidance, I think you said 100 million in share count that you expected -- diluted share count -- for this year and maybe that was a slight reduction in what you had said last quarter. I don't know if I am reading too much into that?
Dave King: No Amanda that's correct. That on a fully dilutive weighted average shares count we expect to and our guidance is predicated on a assumption of 100 million shares for the full year.
Amanda Murphy: So then the right way to think about that is $0.20 of increase roughly, $0.15 of that is the share count and so then the base business maybe added $0.05 or more given the increased currency effect, is that fair?
Dave King: That's correct.
Amanda Murphy: And then just another one on the book-to-bill, so I realize it's early and you have made a few comments on this already, and especially some anecdotal evidence of wins, but is there a way to tease out at this point the strong book-to-bill, how much of that is the legacy Covance business and markets doing better vis--vis any benefits from having the combined company together at this point?
Joe Herring: Ill say its overwhelmingly legacy Covance at this time, but again high client interest in talking with us and exploring the assets of the combined company.
Dave King: And Amanda, Dave just a quick exclamation point of that I mean I think Joe made a very important point which is you are going through an acquisition and integration of closing and you have another quarter of record orders and very strong book-to-bill, so I think the important thing to think about is yes it is we agree I agree its mostly legacy Covance, but we didn't have a distraction factor in either of the businesses and I am very pleased about that.
Amanda Murphy: And did you give a cancellation rate on the backlog?
Dave King: No we did not.
Amanda Murphy: Okay. All right, thanks very much.
Dave King: Keep in mind that we report net orders so its net of cancellations. We normally don't comment on cancellations that's a not a part but I think I would say that they are the lowering of the historical range.
Operator: Your next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Q - Isaac Ro: Just a follow-up on the early-stage business, hoping that you could maybe put a little more color on the specific constant currency growth rate you saw there and maybe give us and apples-to-apples view on how that trended versus 4Q?
Glenn Eisenberg: This is Glenn well let me really start and then Joe may want to provide color. As we've now moved to kind of the new segmentation of the company we are really providing the details if you as the segments. Were glad to provide color as far as the direction that the businesses that comprise those segments, but we are not providing detailed numbers and growth rates and so forth.
Joe Herring: Yes I think generally what you say is that early development was higher than that company average of 2.2, clinical Phase 1 to four was sort of in that average and central labs was basically flat, so ballparkish on a constant currency basis.
Isaac Ro: I appreciate all that incremental, and then just a follow-up on the general environment. I think if we look at the numbers for the biotech industry, first-quarter funding on the equity side was by far a record quarter, a huge amount of money raised. So if we take in context what is going on with the funding side versus what you guys are seeing book-to-bill, maybe help us reconcile the timing around which we might see any of those bolus dollars kind of flowing through to your business. Appreciate it is going to be company-specific and maybe not directly correlated, but I would assume that it's at least a positive correlation between the amount of money being raised and the amount of money being spent on CROs?
Dave King: Yes there is a positive correlation its usually a six to nine month lag between what you see in terms of funding and revenue coming into the CRO industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Jack Meehan: I just wanted to follow up on the PAMA commentary and just see if you had an update in terms of when you -- timing for when you expect we will get a formal update and I know, Dave, you mentioned the complexity of collecting data and just thoughts around the hospital labs submitting the data -- they already submit cost reports, so just what is some of the thinking there?
Dave King: Yes. Jack its Dave good morning. I think this is a it is a quite complex task and I think CMS is making a real good faith effort to listen to the constituencies and try to understand what they should be looking for. It's true that hospital submit cost reports but as you know the hospital, what we're looking at here is not DRG payments, it's not out patient prospective payments, it's just fee-for-service payments and so it's a subset of payments and it's a subset of payors because its non-government payors that the government is interested in looking at to determine market, so it's a pretty complicated task, you don't want to overburden either the hospitals or frankly the independent labs, I mean if you think about the number of acquisitions that we have done and the number of tax ID numbers that we have, you don't want an independent lab to have to report their data with 55 different tax IDs, that would be enormously time consuming and complex, so I think CMS is making an effort to listen to the constituencies and deal with the complexity and come out with a rule and we dont have any update on the timeline but we know they're working hard and we're trying to be constructive and supportive in that effort.
Jack Meehan: And then just trying to tease out between the routine and the esoteric growth in the quarter, is there any -- was there anything noticeable on the esoteric side in terms of individual products that were driving the growth, or do you think it is just more broad-based -- the market is doing better and the segment is doing better?
Dave King: I think it's broad-based, market doing better and segment doing better I wouldn't point to or highlight any specific test or group of tests. Obviously we continue to do nicely with women's health, that's been a strong point for us, we continue to do nicely with genetics, those are couple of good areas within esoteric.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley, please proceed.
Ricky Goldwasser: Dave, you responded to Glen's question that coverage expansion is impacting the price mix and it sounds like it's coming from Medicaid. So are you seeing any pullthrough volume from coverage expansion, excluding Medicaid, and are you factoring in any benefit from expansion or pick up there in your guidance for the second half?
Dave King: The challenge in determining what is ACA driven other than managed Medicaid where it's pretty obvious is that when a patient shows up with an insurance card we don't know if it's an exchange patient or if it's a standard commercial patient. We don't have any way of determining that so it's a little hard to say are we seeing pull through business from coverage expansion or are we not. Again I think we saw very strong organic volume growth which suggests to me that we're seeing the benefit of the business that we won last year and there are clearly some pull through coming from that business. In terms of what's factored in for the second half of the year actually the next three quarters of the year, we haven't finished the first half of the year, we're not factoring in any significant increase in enrolment for the balance of the year, we're simply factoring in the diagnostics business continuing to do a very nice job in the market in terms of selling and execution and that's what drives the top-line revenue growth guidance.
Ricky Goldwasser: And then one follow-up on the Covance business, can you share with us how you think about the Covance portfolio, especially kind of like the early development, but really preclinical within it? Obviously, demand is high and it seems from results that Covance is growing top line, but how does the segment fit with your long-term strategy?
Dave King: Well, Ricky it's Dave, you know one of the reasons that we liked Covance as an acquisition opportunity is the complete platform and the broad scope of services, so I mentioned in the prepared remarks how the bio-analytical business was cross-selling into toxicology, was cross-selling into chemistry. So right now we like the way all the businesses fit together and we're enthusiastic about the opportunity to grow, early development obviously had as Joe mentioned had some challenges for a couple of years but right now the business is growing strongly, it's an integral part of the complete one stop platform that we built and so we're excited about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from A.J. Rice with UBS. Please proceed.
A.J. Rice: Maybe two quick questions here, first of all, I know one area in the lab testing that you have highlighted the last two years has been the molecular diagnostic area and some of the travails of trying to get approval out of some Medicaid programs as well as TRICARE. Any update on that?
Dave King: A.J., it's Dave, we continue to work hard at that. I wouldn't expect any significant impact in the run rate either of the -- where MoPath is not being paid for or of collections, we have collected based on appeals and payor policy changes, we have collected some against the outstanding receivables but the run rate's about the same. Obviously we're looking now at accounts and opportunities to where we know that there is an account where there is a large amount of MoPath business that were not getting paid for it opportunities to manage better with that and Jay if you have any further comments on that you can.
Jay Boyle: I think you have covered it.
A.J. Rice: And then just the other one is you had mentioned in the prepared remarks about the lab-developed tests and the FDA review there and commentary, any sense of how that is going to unfold timing-wise and when we might actually get some resolution on this?
Dave King: I think the FDA comment period closed I think there were a very large number of comments so it's really going to be determined by the FDA in terms of when they respond to the comments and obviously there is some legislative activity going on as well and were doing our best to be engaged in the all of the conversations.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Clair with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
David Clair: I had a couple quick questions on the diagnostics side of the business here. So the first one, just on the recently issued next-generation sequencing, CPT codes, just curious if LabCorp is billing under these new codes currently and is this impacting collections at all. And then can you give us an update on BRCA and NIPT testing?
Dave King: It's Dave I'll start with next-gen and then Jay will talk about the BRCA and NIPT the next-gen sequencing codes I want to be clear that next-gen sequencing is a methodology so it's not like we're doing new testing or different testing it's simply there is a different methodology being used and so at this point the coding has not have an impact first of all its not a significant component of the business at this point, although it will grow but the coding has not had an impact on either revenue or collections and I will turn it over to Jay in terms of the BRCA and the NIPT.
Jay Boyle: Yes on the BRCA David we see it obviously as a growth opportunity however given the size it's not substantial in terms of or it is not material, in terms of our entire book of business and its one of the many tests that we go ahead and offer.
Dave King: And it's Dave on NIPT obviously we are -- we have transitioned to offering our own test in pharmacy and I'm pleased with the volume and revenue there and continue to see it as I mentioned as a growth opportunity around women's health.
David Clair: Thank you.
Dave King: So, we're right at the top of the hour we have a couple of more people in the queue I'll ask you to keep the questions short please so we can get everybody in and also not ask questions that have been previously responded to.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Darren Lehrich: Just a brief question I had about companion diagnostics and just wondering if you can frame at this point the backlog in terms of how the trials are with companion diagnostics as a component of that and where you think that might be going. I think you've laid that out as a strategy, so that's the question?
Dave King: Yes. We don't break down the backlog by type of trial companion diagnostics as you know particularly oncology about 40% of the trials involve some kind of an associated biomarker in companion diagnostic and so it's a very nice long-term opportunity for us as I think we mentioned early on there were 16 companion diagnostics 10 years ago and now there is 116 and that number grows every year. We have a work team that is specifically focused on capitalizing other companion diagnostics opportunity and integrating all of our services to be the desired partner in companion diagnostics and were very pleased with the progress there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Brokmeier with Maxim Group. Please proceed.
Bryan Brokmeier: You talked about providing a heat map of where patients are located to the biotech company whose business you won in the quarter. It sounds a bit more detailed of an analysis than you provided to the customer in the prior quarter. Are you still improving your understanding of how to present your offering to customers and while you have won a few contracts already, which is impressive, should we anticipate an inflection point later this year when customers start to award you with many more contracts?
Joe Herring: Well. Its hard to say what is going to happen in the back half of the year all I can say is that we try to target places where this data would make the biggest impact on the client and so far were very excited about what's going on. We have a lot of work ahead of us in terms of making the process easier and more efficient and having the right display tools and that type of thing, so I would just say we will continue to talk about this in coming quarters but were pleased with the start actually faster than what we would have projected.
Dave King: Yes. I agree with Joe's comments I think that as he said automating this process and making it simple from our perspective and from the client's perspective will only lead to greater opportunity in the long run but as you mentioned Bryan the idea of being able to provide a heat map with potential patients for a condition as acute as this one, I think is a real competitive differentiator and just shows you what the long-term opportunity is here in terms of our first dated priority which is to improve the speed of trial recruitment and reduce the cost of trials.
Operator: I would now turn the call over to Mr. Dave King for closing remarks.
Dave King: Once again we'd like to thank you all for participating in our first quarter conference call. Very pleased with the quarter and with the performance, both from the Diagnostics and the Drug Development business and we look forward to updating you on our performance in the future. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David P. King - Chairman and CEO Glenn A. Eisenberg - EVP, CFO and Treasurer James T. Boyle - CEO of LabCorp Diagnostics Joe Herring - CEO of Covance Drug Development Paul Surdez - VP, IR Stephen Anderson - VP, IR
Analysts: Robert Willoughby - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bill Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Cherny - Evercore ISI Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc. Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Nicholas Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Albert Rice - UBS Investment Bank David C. Clair - Piper Jaffray Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group LLC Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2014 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. My name is Katrina, and Ill be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will facilitate a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Id now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Mr. Stephen Anderson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Stephen Anderson: Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's fourth quarter and full-year 2014 conference call. With me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jay Boyle, Chief Executive Officer of LabCorp Diagnostics; Joe Herring, Chief Executive Officer of Covance Drug Development and Paul Surdez, Vice President of Investor Relations. This morning, we will recap our 2014 performance, discuss our 2015 priorities, provide an update on our Covance acquisition, introduce Project LaunchPad, our enterprise-wide business process improvement initiative and issue our 2015 guidance. Before we get started, Id like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, the Company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our Web site. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our Web site to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our Web site, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS, free cash flow and adjusted operating income. Id also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect the Company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2013 10-K and in our subsequent filings with the SEC and will be included in our 2014 10-K and subsequent filings with the SEC. The Company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
David P. King: Thank you, Steve. Ill start by recapping 2014. We delivered a strong operating performance, exceeding $6 billion in revenue and generating total volume growth including acquisitions of 5.3%. After a challenging first quarter due to extraordinary weather, our performance improved sequentially throughout the year. In the fourth quarter, revenue increased by 5.3% over the fourth quarter of 2013 and we posted year-over-year improvement in adjusted operating income, adjusted operating income margin, and adjusted EPS. We also achieved strong organic growth in the fourth quarter and for the year. We are very pleased with our 2014 performance. Late last year, we made a very important strategic movement, the Covance acquisition. This transaction is the culmination of years of thinking about how to best position our Company for the future and Im very proud of our team for its dedication and tenacity in completing the acquisition. We have made a transformational move for our Company and over time the combined company will enhance drug development, laboratory diagnostics, and healthcare delivery. This merger creates a unique combination of capabilities that positions the new LabCorp to bring innovative and higher value solutions to clients of both predecessor companies. We close the Covance acquisition yesterday and we are off to a strong start on the integration of the businesses. Going forward, we will operate in two segments, LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance Drug Development, which we expect to be closely aligned in furthering our correlation of improving patient's lives by providing world-class diagnostics and knowledge services. Jay Boyle, who has been exceptional Chief Operating Officer of LabCorp over the last five years, is now Chief Executive Officer of LabCorp Diagnostics. Joe Herring, who has successfully led Covance for over a decade, and has been a great partner since we announced the transaction, is now Chief Executive Officer of Covance Drug Development. Joe and Jay will report to me. Although the flawless integration of Covance is of utmost importance, I want to emphasize that it will not cause us to lose focus on the 2015 priorities for LabCorp Diagnostics, which include these three clear initiatives. First, we will continue to focus on opportunities to grow in both core and esoteric testing. We will build on our strong 2014 performance in organic growth, managed care contracting, new test introductions, and strategic acquisitions. We remain optimistic about the long-term prospects of the lab industry and our laboratory business. Second, we will continue to make progress with our innovative products and services. The Beacon LBS team is pushing toward its goal of full implementation. Enlighten Health continues to expand, having launched ExomeReveal, the genome wide interpretation service and recently introduced an innovative patient friendly diabetes report that graphically displays results. Third, to complement our focus on top line growth, weve systematically reviewed our business and operating model to see where we can improve our performance. Project LaunchPad is the Companys enterprise-wide business process improvement initiative. It consists of projects designed to reengineer the Companys systems and processes, leverage technological advancements, and make sustainable reductions in our cost base. LaunchPad is not a short-term cost-cutting measure. It is a long-term structural change in how we deliver our services. We are pursuing projects that will fundamentally improve the experience of everyone involved in the LabCorp diagnostics value chain from provider to customer to payer to our valued employees. We expect this initiative to drive net savings in excess of a $150 million over the next three years. Glenn will provide additional details on LaunchPad in a few minutes. Now let me update you on the Covance acquisition, which will deliver new services to the pharmaceutical industry, drive share gains in both the diagnostics and drug development businesses and benefit healthcare stakeholders and our shareholders. Our new combined company has a strong management team, relationships with nearly every major player in the healthcare industry, a global footprint and a unique wealth of data. With these assets, we expect to win a greater share of clinical trials, enhance and grow our market leading central lab business, deliver on expanded range of diagnostic offerings, and accelerate profitable growth in the years ahead. I'll now discuss three immediate growth opportunities. First, we will use our unique combination of assets and data to deliver faster clinical trial enrollment. Patient recruitment is an inefficient process, combining LabCorps database of more than 70 million unique patient records with Covances investigator database and analytic capabilities, positions us to deliver faster, higher quality clinical trials, significantly reduce clinical trial cycle time, eliminate nonviable sites which can significantly delay recruitment, reduce costs and ultimately enable our Biopharma clients to reach peak revenue for their new products faster. Second, we will become the partner of choice to develop and commercialize companion diagnostics. There are over 100 companion diagnostics on the market today, versus 13 in 2006. More than 20% of 2014 drug approvals were personalized medicines and there are dozens of drugs in Phase 3 development that will require companion diagnostics. Combining Covances strength in central lab and early development with LabCorps strength in assay development and test commercialization will create the only company in the world that can offer comprehensive end-to-end support for companion diagnostics development. Third, we will enhance the Phase IV trial experience and post-market surveillance. Approximately 30% of Phase IV patients drop out due to inconvenient trial procedures and a limited number of trials sites. LabCorps 750 patient service centers approximately 5,000 phlebotomist and physician offices and convenient patient web portal for scheduling can improve the Phase IV patient experience. LabCorps infrastructure will serve another important function, allowing the combined organization to collect post-approval safety data on new drugs. More than 25 approved drugs have been withdrawn from the market in recent years, the vast majority due to toxicity. Our combined analytics capabilities will give us the potential to identify early safety signals, avoid extensive recalls, and find genotypic characteristics of patients who experience adverse drug reactions, so that the drug can be given to patients for whom it is safe. How our organizations will also be able to use these capabilities to assist Biopharma companies through post-market studies in understanding how drugs are being used by physicians and identifying new locations where those new indications where those drugs show efficacy. We expect these three opportunities to generate over $300 million in incremental revenue by 2018. In addition, we see exciting opportunities to expand our Food Safety and Nutritional Chemistry Services and longer term to grow through international expansion and predictive analytics for providers and payers. We are off to a strong start, as evidenced by a biotech client that recently awarded a sizeable clinical study to Covance. This award was based in part on the potential of deploying LabCorp testing data, to identify patients with rare genetic mutations, speeding enrollment in the clinical trial for its personalized oncology drug. There are number of new opportunities where LabCorp testing data is being used to support a Covance bid, and we expect our patient data and connectivity to continue to enhance and further differentiate Covances drug development capabilities. Before we -- I turn the call over to Glenn; I want to express my appreciation to LabCorps 36,000 employees for delivering an outstanding year in 2014, despite difficult circumstances. Our senior leadership team including our operational leadership, our sales and service team, our phlebotomist, our couriers, and our technical staff are the best in our industry and it is a privilege to lead them. I thank each of you for your hard work, your dedication to patient care, and your performance in 2014 and every year. I also want to welcome Covances 12,500 talented employees to our Company, as I know they will join with the LabCorp team in making important contributions to our future successes. This is an exciting time to be at LabCorp and I'm confident that our team will enhance drug development, diagnostic services, and the delivery of healthcare to better address the need to improve patient outcomes at lower costs. Now I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Thank you, Dave. I'm going to start my comments with a review of our fourth quarter results and 2015 guidance, followed by an update on our Covance acquisition and Project LaunchPad initiative. Sales for the quarter were approximately $1.5 billion, an increase of 5.3% over last year. The increase in sales was the result of volume, measured by requisitions and acquisitions, partially offset by price mix and currency. The growth in sales was due to organic volume of 5.3%, partially offset by a decline in revenue for requisitions of 1.1% and negative impact of currency of 0.5%. In addition, acquisitions added 1.6% to sales. Total volume including acquisitions increased 6.4%. The decline in revenue per acquisition was primarily due to core support testing growth, outpacing esoteric testing growth and less revenue generated from uninsured patients. Gross profit for the quarter was $546 million or 36.1% of sales. This compares to gross profit of $526 million or 36.6% of sales last year. The increase in gross profit dollars was due to volume, productivity, and acquisitions, partially offset by price mix, cost inflation and depreciation. The decline in gross margin was primarily due to the changes in test and payer mix that I mentioned earlier. SG&A for the quarter was $310 million or 20.5% of sales compared to $286 million or 19.9% last year. During the quarter, we incurred $13 million of special charges in SG&A relating to Project LaunchPad and the Companys acquisition of Covance. The remainder of the increase was primarily due to personnel costs, acquisitions and an increase in bad debt expense. While bad debt increased due to sales growth, the rate improved 10 basis points over the fourth quarter of 2013. We expect this rate to be lower in 2015. During the quarter, we had $2 million of restructuring and special items, compared to $4 million last year. The decrease was primarily due to reduced severance costs, partially offset by an increase in facility related costs. Operating income for the quarter was $219 million or 14.5% of sales compared to $215 million or 15% of sales last year. Excluding restructuring and special items of $16 million, adjusted operating income was $235 million or 15.5% of sales compared to $219 million or 15.2% of sales last year. Interest expense for the quarter was $32 million compared to $24 million last year. The increase was primarily driven by Covance related financing costs of approximately $6 million. The tax rate for the quarter was 36.1% compared to 34.8% last year. The increase in the tax rate over last year was the result of benefits related to discrete items realized in the fourth quarter of 2013. As a result, net earnings for the quarter were $120 million or $1.39 per diluted share compared to $126 million or $1.43 per diluted share last year. Excluding amortization, restructuring and other special items, adjusted EPS was $1.65 in the fourth quarter, up from $1.61 in the fourth quarter of 2013. During the quarter, operating cash flow was $214 million compared to $249 million last year, as we used working capital to support strong top line growth and incurred cash costs relating to Project LaunchPad and the Covance acquisition. Capital expenditures totaled $46 million, compared to $60 million last year. As a result, free cash flow or operating cash flow after capital expenditures was $167 million compared to $189 million last year. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased $39 million of our stock, bringing our 2014 total share repurchases to $269 million. With the November 3rd announcement of the Covance acquisition, we suspended our share repurchase program until we reach our targeted leverage. Now Ill cover our guidance for 2015. Total revenue was expected to grow 40% to 44% inclusive of Covance as of February 19, and after adjusting for approximately 160 basis points of negative currency impact as weve assumed that foreign exchange rate stay at January 31, 2015 levels. Our LabCorp Diagnostic business is expected to grow 3% to 5%. Covances revenue is expected to increase approximately 4% to 6% versus full-year 2014 after adjusting for approximately 330 basis points of negative currency impact. Given our expected top line growth, Project LaunchPad initiative and the acquisition of Covance, our 2015 adjusted EPS guidance is $7.35 to $7.70, an increase of 8% to 13% versus the prior year. Included in this estimate is expected accretion from Covance of approximately $0.35 to $0.40. We expect to have approximately 102 million weighted average shares outstanding in 2015 after issuing 15.3 million shares for the Covance acquisition. In 2015, we expect the Companys interest and amortization expense to be approximately $220 million and $165 million respectively. In addition, we expect the Companys tax rate to be approximately 35%. 2015 operating cash flow was expected to be between $1.075 billion and $1.1 billion with capital expenditures between $325 million and $350 million. As a result, free cash flow is expected to be between $725 million and $775 million, up from $536 million in 2014. The increased free cash flow reflects higher earnings, the Covance acquisition, and improved working capital. In addition, free cash flow is burdened by approximately $90 million of net nonrecurring items relating to the Covance acquisition. These items include advisory fees, the make whole payment on Covances notes, and changing control payments, partially offset by paying only one of the semiannual interest payments on the acquisition debt in 2015. Now I'll talk about the Covance acquisition. The transaction allows us to bring decades of experience in lab operations and efficiency to Covances global central laboratory network, while unlocking greater economic value from our patient database, customer relationships, and commercial infrastructure. The combination also creates new sources of revenue and earnings and expands our customer base and international presence. This acquisition provides us with both near-term and long-term strategic and financial benefits. At closing, we paid approximately $5.7 billion for Covance, net of cash required. To finance the acquisition, we raised $3.9 billion in long-term debt and issued 15.3 million shares of LabCorp common stock to Covance shareholders. We recently issued $3.9 billion of acquisition related debt at a blended interest rate of approximately 3.2% with a weighted average maturity of approximately 12 years. These attractive terms reflects strong demand for LabCorp credit as well as a favorable interest rate environment. We remain committed to maintaining an investment grade balance sheet. Both S&P and Moody's have rated our debt as investment grade at BBB and BAA2, respectively. We have temporarily suspended our share repurchase program until we reach our targeted leverage of 2.5 times debt to EBITDA and expect to allocate our free cash flow towards the pay down of debt and tuck-in acquisition. The integration of Covance is also well underway. We created numerous functional and business unit teams to foster cross company communication and to facilitate a smooth integration process. We expect to achieve net cost synergies in excess of a $100 million within three years, primarily through central lab consolidation, elimination of redundant public company costs and procurement savings with associated one-time costs to achieve these synergies of approximately $50 million. Net cost synergies in 2015 are expected to be approximately $35 million with associated one-time costs of approximately $20 million. Im going to end my comments on our Project LaunchPad initiative. As Dave discussed, LaunchPad is designed to reengineer our systems and processes, improve productivity, and deliver sustained margin improvement over time. Project LaunchPad savings will favorably impact both gross profit and SG&A through improved customer to cash processes, bad debt reduction, outsourcing, procurement savings, and labor efficiency. We expect this initiative to drive a net savings in excess of $150 million over the next three years with associated one-time cost of approximately $30 million. In 2015, we expect net savings of approximately $50 million with associated one-time cost of approximately $15 million. This ends our formal remarks, and now Ill turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Glenn. I want to announce that after five years of leading LabCorp Investor Relations, Steve Anderson, will transition after this call to an operational role in our Food Safety business, one of the areas where we see great opportunity. Steve has been a terrific IR leader and has worked tirelessly to meet the needs of our analysts and shareholders. I will miss him greatly in this role, but I know he is moving into an area for which he has great and enduring passion. Paul Surdez, who has led Covances Investor Relations program since 2002, will serve as Vice President of Investor Relations for LabCorp. I greatly look forward to working with Paul, who is already recognized as one of the top IR leaders in healthcare services. Now, were ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby representing Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Robert Willoughby: Hi, Dave. I guess Steve Anderson and food safety doesnt really jive with his biscuit bill focus, but I defer to you on that decision. But youve mentioned substantial savings from the Project LaunchPad initiatives. Can you speak to any -- there seemed to be a reference to the bad debt coming down, but what are the working capital opportunities? Can we see receivable balances shrink meaningfully there? And any kind of CapEx savings we might expect over the next few years to add to whatever youre doing from an income statement perspective?
David P. King: Yes. Bob, good morning. From a CapEx perspective, the focus of the LaunchPad initiatives will largely be around improving our systems and operations through technological investments. So although I wouldn't expect to see extraordinary CapEx investments, I would expect to see transitioning some of our ongoing infrastructure CapEx into a more streamlined and efficient processes and systems over time. And some of that will also be reflected as I mentioned in labor efficiency. Id like Glenn to take the working capital part of the question.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Sure. To your point, working capital has been, call it a use of cash for us, but primarily due to the strong growth that we have experienced in the Company. When you reference kind of our receivables on the absolute level, we actually feel weve been managing it quite well. It stayed at roughly 49 days overall. Having said that, a big part of LaunchPad initiative is our working capital improvement, inclusive of a bad debt, but effectively we're looking at really a redesign. So we are going to step back and look at what processes can we put in place that would be preferred, and then as Dave said the put systems to enable that to happen is opposed to just kind of a marginal improvement in that. So from our perspective, we expect to see improved working capital management. We expect to see also a reduction in our bad debt expense, in particularly, our bad debt rate, which we saw some favorable movement already, but we expect to see much greater improvement as we go through the rest of 2015.
Robert Willoughby: But Glenn, you quantified the savings though -- from an income statement, can you quantify any potential free cash flow run rate that we might benefit from or its just too early to put a number around the CapEx and working capital opportunity?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Well again, we wouldnt necessarily do it as part of those programs, its part of -- its embedded in the overall result or the guidance that weve given. So when you look at our cash flow number for 2015, when you take the midpoint of the guidance, were looking at as a combined company of around $750 million and we talked about the fact that, thats already been burdened by around $90 million of one-time costs. So you can see the strong improvement in our free cash flow is in part due to the synergies of the acquisition, in part due to the improvement in working capital because of LaunchPad and because of the improved reduction in bad debt expense relating to that LaunchPad initiative as well. So thats all encompassed in that number.
David P. King: And Bob, its Dave. I would just also say over time, what we like to see is the investments that we make in systems now allowing us to reduce CapEx in the out years. So I do expect some positive benefit to the overall level of CapEx as a result of LaunchPad.
Robert Willoughby: Right. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello representing Craig-Hallum. Please proceed.
Bill Bonello: Hey, good morning guys. Just two quick questions. One is just a simple numbers question. You talked about currency reducing revenue by about a 160 basis points in 2015. How should we think about the hit to EPS?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Obviously, reflected in the guidance that we have as well. The biggest hit -- currency headwinds, if you will, obviously with Covance having over half of their business overseas, that's where we see it. And so, when we provided the guidance range of Covance kind of year-over-year as if we would have them for both years, you can see it was around 3.3 points. So that would get you to call it in the mid $70 million, if you will, of headwind on sales. Historically, Covance is leveraged at around -- call it around a 20% degradational to their mark -- to their earnings. So again, as part of LabCorp, that translates to around call it 1.5% of headwind on the top line and again if you use that roughly 20% margin degradation, you would probably get a good proxy for the earnings impact, which again is reflected in the guidance that we provided.
Bill Bonello: Okay, perfect. Great. And then, just on the recent contract that you talked about being awarded, and Covance talked about this as well. Dave, Im wondering if you can just give us a little bit more color about sort of the process. So you mentioned that you are going to use lab data to identify patients, but maybe you could just elaborate a little bit on how does that actually play out and how beneficial that can be? Because I think it's an area where there is still some skepticism about how that really can drive improvement in patient recruitment?
David P. King: Okay. So I'm going to -- I'll start and then Im going to ask Joe to comment as well. In this specific case, the Biopharma client was looking for a very specific -- a set of patients with a very specific characteristic to test a personalized oncology drug in their trial. We went into our data of the testing that we had done, I believe over the last couple of years and looked at the number of patients that we had seen that met those very specific criteria and we showed the client that this is a built-in recruitment set where we know who these patients are and we know where they are. And I want to be clear, Bill, that that was part of the client's decision. The Covance team had positioned us to be in great shape. At the final stages, I think it was down to two CROs that they were considering. So this was part of the calculation. It was not a last minute Hail Mary pass into the end zone that brought us back from the brink of not being involved. We were very well positioned. This was incrementally something that was considered to be a value. How we would then execute this is, for those patients who we have a direct relationship with, who have consented to be re-contacted for whatever reason, we would be able to re-contact them. For those patients who have not consented to be re-contacted or who we don't have a direct relationship with, we would go to the physician, indicate to the physician that they have X number of patients who they are treating, who would be eligible for this very important study and leave it to the physician to recruit the patients or to seek the patients whether the patients are interested in being recruited. So that's kind of how it works in practice. Joe, further comments?
Joe Herring: Well, I think Dave has done a pretty good job describing that. I was actually met with the CEO of this client during the JP Morgan conference and as Dave said, this is a highly specialized personalized medicine drug in non-small cell lung cancer and the CEO was very concerned about finding patients for the study. And we have talked about the historic sort of Covance approach to this and he seems pretty comfortable, but a competitor have an equally compelling sort of an offer. But when he understood the generic -- genetic marker he was looking for, we said let us see if we can look into the LabCorp database and give you an idea how to find the patients for this study and were looking for about little over a 100 patients, and he said this trial has to be recruited. He said we are going to make a decision next week and Id be happy to hear what you say about the LabCorp data. I had our Chief Medical Officer with us, he worked with LabCorp and 12 hours later we assured the client and said there are over a 1,000 patients in the LabCorp database that fit the inclusion, exclusion and genetic marker for this study. And they call the next day and awarded a $45 million study. I would say there was less than -- roughly 50-50 percent chance we were going to win, and a week later to get it that next morning was pretty awesome. And we have about five other clients right now that we are working with on a similar basis. So I guess as of today we are one for one utilizing the combination of LabCorp data and Covance clinical talents.
Bill Bonello: That was as good of an explanation as I could have possibly hoped for. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill representing JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Lisa Gill: Congrats and good morning. Steve, I really enjoyed working with you and I appreciate all your help over the last few years. So my question really is first, Dave, when you talked about these unique opportunities in the $300 million revenue opportunity by 2018 and clearly Joe just talked about this most recent one at $45 million. Can you maybe give us an indication of how you expect that $300 million over the next couple of years? Are you expecting anything in 2015?
David P. King: Well, Lisa, good morning and thanks for the nice comments about Steve and obviously I know many analysts and shareholders have enjoyed working with him. I have enjoyed working with him and the team as well. He is not disappearing, he is just going over to Food Safety and were thrilled to have Paul to step in. And I think you will really enjoy working with Paul. So with that said, what we anticipate for 2015 is built into the guidance and as you know we don't break the guidance out into specific parts and pieces. I would expect this to be as Joe said, we are one for one. We are going to have to prove the case that not only can we marshal the data, but then it actually increases the speed of recruiting -- of patient recruitment. So I would expect this to start relatively slowly and then if we are right, we would expect it to build in 2016 and 2017 and come out at 2018 as weve identified $300 million as the target for all three of the initiatives combined. But I think that that the opportunity there is real and if we prove the case its significant.
Lisa Gill: And then my second question is really around your core lab business and the guidance that you gave for next year, talking about this year, the offsets was price mix, currency et cetera. But as we think about 2015, can you maybe just talk about what you're seeing right now from reimbursement environment, especially in the commercial market? Do you have anything that was of size [ph] that was up for renewal and generally speaking what are you seeing from a reimbursement perspective?
David P. King: I would say Lisa in terms of year-over-year reimbursement, what we are assuming in the guidance is that MoPath remains about the same that we have some incremental opportunity with BRCA particularly. I think everybody knows that the uncertainty now is around reimbursement for the clinical toxicology, so the Palmetto limited coverage decision which has been delayed until April, but it's still I would -- I think it's fair to say being vigorously debated between the lab industry and the payer community and then how that will ripple through with managed care combined with the impact of new toxicology codes, many of which still have not been loaded into payer system. So generally the reimbursement environment looks better than it has in the last couple of years, but as always we are in a rapidly changing regulatory and reimbursement environment and we need to take that into account and how we think about the business.
Lisa Gill: And just so that I understand that so, should we assume that within the guidance rage there is varying assumptions as to how these things will play out in 2015?
David P. King: Yes, the guidance contemplates a wide range of outcomes and we have attempted to incorporate these various potential outcomes into the range that weve given.
Lisa Gill: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman representing Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Gary Lieberman: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Steve, thank you for all the help over the years, its been great working with you. I guess my first question is around the LaunchPad, $150 million in savings that equals about 175 basis points of margin expansion. So, would you expect to see that margin expansion or should we consider that there might continue to be some headwinds that would offset at least part of that?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Well, this is Glenn, let me take it first, and Dave may want to chime in as well. When we talk about the initiative, we talk about it on a net savings basis. And while we say that theyre onetime costs, if you back that out weve looked at the initiative, weve looked at what it would take to effectively take that kind of cost out of the company net of the cost that we need to support it. So, if you looked at it in isolation obviously thats a benefit that will occlude to the company. So, as we go forward though our goal is to continue to drive our top line, to continue to manage the business to drive operating improvement as we go forward and LaunchPad is clearly one of the initiatives that we have that will help to drive that income and margin improvement.
David P. King: Gary, its Dave, just -- I think the only thing I would add to that is, were very focused on margin improvement. And LaunchPad is a significant opportunity for us to improve margins over time. The thing that obviously we cannot predict is going back to Lisas question, what's the reimbursement environment two years out, three years out? And so all of the things being equal, yes, I would expect LaunchPad to translate to margin improvement, but we can't guide to where we are going to be based on factors that we dont know about yet.
Gary Lieberman: Okay, thats helpful. And then maybe just update us on the reception of the deal, and closing the deal by the Covance employees, you characterized it previously to sort of being almost transparent to them and do you still view it that way?
David P. King: Yes, I have spent a lot of time with both the Covance executive team and with the employees at town halls and in meetings and then getting to know them and, my perception is the reception has been terrific. People are very enthusiastic. They seek the opportunity here. They see the long-term potential for both, for our combined company to excel. And I would say, my sense is thats exactly the same reception on the LabCorp side. People are very enthusiastic about this deal. Joe, any further color?
Joe Herring: Yes, I would characterize it as overwhelmingly for Covance employees, its business as usual certainly in the short-term. But with very exciting strategic prospects, the LabCorp assets made Covance a stronger and more resourceful competitor which makes us a better company. So, if you think about our central lab, now all of a sudden we have more than a $100 million in revenue from LabCorp, and largely esoteric tests that make our business stronger. And the combination makes us the most resourceful, most capable companion diagnostics company in the health care industry. And our employees who want to improve patient care see that as a nice opportunity. For clinical, there is no overlap with LabCorp, so its business as usual, except now you have access to a longitudinal database of $70 million patients, and we already talked about that. In Covance market access, where our number one issue is how to keep post -- patients in post marketing studies on study to achieve the results. The 1,700 centers in the U.S. for LabCorp will make it much easier for those patients to complete their therapy and complete the study. For food service, this is going to be a disruptive offer and just incredibly exciting, and youll hear more about that in the future. And then in early development, we pick up a very nice bioanalytical business in terms of tandem, and make us a much stronger biomarker development company. So, there is not a lot of overlap, so this is not terribly disruptive. But where there is overlap, there is exciting strategic advantage. And I guess, what I would close with is just a comment about Dave. Dave, and I have traveled around the world with Covance, have been in front of 1000s of employees in multiple sites as well as small working groups. And I think I can represent the Covance employees saying that they love to see Daves passion around improving patient care and health care. They are excited to see how comfortable he is in a lab environment. And finally, I think his interpersonal approach has been very well received by Covance employees around the world. I personally held a town hall meeting yesterday in Princeton with about a 1000 employees, and I can tell you the atmosphere was electric.
Gary Lieberman: Great. A final quick question, in the example you gave where you said you could go to the physician and say that they had X number of patients that met their criteria. Can you actually give the physician the name of the specific patients?
David P. King: Im going to differ that to legal consideration. I believe that yes, we can because I believe it fits within the hip a [ph] exception for health care treatment. But obviously before we would do that, and by the way, this has been done in situations in the past before we would do that, we would make sure that we had legal approval to actually provide the patient names.
Gary Lieberman: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Joe Herring: I was just going to say, the good news in this is as I walked away from this exciting win, I keep scratching my head thinking, what other organization on the planet can bring this resources? And its hard to come up with one, and I like our chances.
Gary Lieberman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny representing Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Michael Cherny: Good morning, everyone. Steve, first of all good luck in the new role, and Paul looking forward to continuing to work together, so happy to see that transition. In terms of thinking about the combination, I know this is still early days and then, given that the deal just closed yesterday, but maybe a question for Joe. You talked about the employee reaction, you talked about the new deal you won which is great to see. How has been the rest of the customer reaction to this deal? In terms of have you spend time with them over the last few months as youve gone through some of the renewal or sale processes, obviously Covance delivered very strong 4Q results, a good book to bill. Can you talk a little bit qualitatively about what the pharma sponsors have been telling you guys relative to the power of this deal outside of the one customer that you did win?
Joe Herring: I guess two words comes to mind, the first is intrigued. This is a combination that dirty people had thought of, and initially its where did this come from? But when they think about the combination they start asking us questions. Can you help us with adherence programs? Can you help us with companion diagnostics? It seems like you guys have very unique assets. So, I think intrigued, and I think the second point is comforted. Because what we can say is, theres not a lot of overlap here. So you can have the same project manager. You are going to have the same study director. Its going to be the same bill, its going to still say Covance. And so, theres no disruption here. And if a competitor tries to show up and say, boy this is going to be really disruptive. We pre-trained our clients to say, what do mean disruptive? I have got the same study director, the same sales person, the same everything. And frankly theyve got some pretty exciting new things to talk about. So, I like our chances.
Michael Cherny: Thanks, Joe. And then, one quick question I guess, for Glenn and maybe Dave as well. When you first announced the deal, I think you had talked about the capital deployment. Obviously your focus has been debt pay down, but that wouldnt stop you or preclude you in any way from doing any small tuck-ins that may come across that are a nice fit to either side of the business. Is that correct? I just want to make sure I understand the capital deployment priorities.
David P. King: Yes, Michael, its Dave. I agree as I think we indicated a couple of places in our prepared remarks, we intend to deploy our capital towards pay down of debt and tuck-in acquisitions. So youre exactly right.
Michael Cherny: Probably I missed the tuck-in thing, so thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor representing Citi. Please proceed.
Gary Taylor: I would go to the one question right before I get to go, I see 
David P. King: You got one follow-up.
Gary Taylor: Okay, Ill stretch for the follow-up. I do have a follow-up thats related. I just want to walk through -- kind of walk through the guidance and get your response to something, just see something about it correctly. So, basically the cash earnings guidance $735 million to $770 million, Covance accretion is $0.35 to $0.40 that gets you to kind of $7 or $7.30. LaunchPad is supposed to be 50 million bucks, thats about $0.30. So it kind of put the core lab business to kind of $6.70 to $7 versus $6.80 this year. Obviously there is no share repurchase included in that. So, it feels relatively flattish for the core lab business but obviously volumes -- organic volume and revenue has picked up. And as you said, youre lapping some of the largest Medicare reimbursement cut. So, am I thinking about that correctly and if so, why such a conservative take kind of on the core earnings power in the lab business?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes, Gary, this is Glenn; let me at least start off to your point. When you back out the mid points of the accretion that we expect to get from Covance you kind of get to that 7.15ish number for what would have been our base business compared to $6.80. So kind of growing at around 5% kind of consistent with what we said kind of the top line growth. So from our perspective as we go into 15 with our base business, we are looking at good top line growth organically. We are looking at an improvement in operating income. We are looking at an improvement in our operating margins. And again to your point were driving that 15% or a 5% EPS growth which again is faster growth than just the top line without any capital redeployment. So the significant amount of free cash flow that we have that would normally have gone into our share repurchases obviously have gone into the acquisition of Covance, thats adding that call it 35% to 40% of accretion. So from our perspective LaunchPad is an integral part just of the ongoing continuous improvement initiative of our business, but it should be viewed as part of our base business and we think actually the improvement in our profitability as well as the improvement in our cash flow in 15 on the base business is quite strong.
Gary Taylor: Now, thats fair. I understand its part of the base business, but it is new and fairly material and highlighted and a very material portion of the growth in the lab business year-over-year 
David P. King: Yes, Garry, its Dave. I think the other thing to mention, and I just want to be clear, were not going to break down every bit and piece of the guidance because there are many, many moving pieces. We talked about currency earlier. But also remember that within the $6.80 this year we had $0.11 onetime gain from the share, the sale of some shares of a company that we owned. So, there are many, many things that are incorporate into the number that we turned in and the guidance that we produced. And I just -- I want to be cautious about trying to back out every piece of it and figure out what's up, what's down and what's not changing.
Gary Taylor: Yes, thats fair. I just kind of big picture what you think of lab. My one follow-up would be, when you announced the Covance deal you suggested $100 million in cost synergies over three years. I know you didnt carve that out today. But would you be willing to say, what's kind of embedded for 15 in terms of cost synergies?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Gary, this is Glenn. We actually did break it out. We had talked about in excess of $100 million of synergy savings over the three-year period, so consistent with what weve said when we announced the transaction. When we have added further is that we expect that the 2015 piece of it would generate around $35 million of net savings while incurring around onetime cost of around $20 million. And the main components again consistent with what we would have shared at the time of the announcement was a combination of synergies through the lab consolidation, through the taking out the redundant public company cost as well as leveraging the purchasing power of the combined company.
Gary Taylor: Okay. Im sorry I missed that. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy representing William Blair. Please proceed.
Amanda Murphy: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Just actually a follow-up to Lisas question on the revenue synergy numbers that you guys have put together. Just curious if you can give a little more detail around, I know its early but the methodology you went through to get to those numbers. Im just trying to think through what the risk might be there other than just obviously the ramp, and then also, youre not to get greedy but where we might potentially see some upside to those numbers given the greater the ensign [ph] that you had included there?
David P. King: Amanda, its Dave. The methodology was that we went through the three opportunities we looked at what we thought based on historical trends and how we size the opportunities was an appropriate breakdown. And then we said, we think number one is the largest. We think number two is in the middle, and we think number three is the smallest. And the numbers that approximately around that are 150, 150 and you add those together then they are 300. Obviously we wouldnt have put the greater sign if we didnt feel that there was upside to those 300. But weve given a number that we think is very realistic. We have given a breakdown of how we think those revenue opportunities would materialize, and where we think the greater opportunities are. And we did it all with financial analysis of past results of our company, and Covance and market size and market share and opportunities for gain. So, I dont really know how to break it down in much more detail than that. But I hope that answers the question.
Amanda Murphy: Yes, thank you. And then just one more here, its a little more specific I guess, but obviously LabCorp has had an increased growth in opportunity and through Next-Gen Sequencing based test et cetera. Just curious, I know that there is some efforts to set some reimbursement there via Medicare. Have you guys saw through there what the risk might be just obviously given some of the issues with MoPath codes a year-ago or so, is there a risk to the reimbursement for Next-Gen? I know its early and were setting the infrastructure now, but just curious of your thoughts there.
David P. King: I think its very early to comment on that. There are a lot of discussions going on with Medicare, with Palmetto specifically about Next-Gen Sequencing and appropriate reimbursement for Next-Gen Sequencing, and were very much engaged in those discussions as are, by the way a lot of other companies that have a significant interest in how Next-Gen Sequencing will be reimbursed. Next-Gen Sequencing provides revolutionary opportunities to deliver greater knowledge to physicians and patients and to improve patient care. And it would be a shame if we shortsightedly set reimbursement in such a way that we discourage patients and physicians from using the best tools available to deliver optimal outcomes.
Amanda Murphy: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Nicholas Jansen representing Raymond James & Associates. Please proceed.
Nicholas Jansen: Hey guys, nice quarter and good guidance. I just wanted to get your thoughts on the regulatory outlook. We havent heard anything much on kind of the timing of the 2017 regs coming out also with LDT regulation and with the doc segs [ph] upcoming. I just wanted to get your broader thoughts on the macro from a Medicare perspective. Thanks.
David P. King: Back in my legal days I would have objected to that as a three part question, one question, but Ill answer it. Good morning, Nicholas. How youre doing? Its Dave. Okay, Palma still very much engaged with CMS on how the surveys will be done. I think weve made some constructive progress with them on thinking about how the surveys will be done. The inclusion of hospitals in the survey data dont have any update on the timing of when we might expect that to come out. I think to their credit, CMS is recognized the complexity of the task, and is working very hard to try to device a fair process. Lab Developed Tests, we continue to have the same view that we previously articulated that we do not believe that FDA has legal authority to regulate LDTs as medical devices. We dont believe they are medical devices. We think they are extremely important to the practice of medicine and to meeting patient needs, and we think that what FDA has proposed would be contrary not only to the public interest in the language of the statute, but also to sound public policy. FDA has had a listening meeting. I think there were a wide variety of views expressed about the LDT guidance. And I think it continues to be an area of high interest and high focus for the clinical lab industry. And it continues to be something that we at LabCorp feel very, very strongly about. So, those are the two major regulatory issues that I think we have on the table in front of us, and I hope that responds efficiently to your question.
Nicholas Jansen: Thank you, Dave.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo representing Robert Baird. Please proceed.
Whit Mayo: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to just go back to the synergy topic for a second and looking at Covances filings, it looks like they historically had north of $40 million alone in just stock comp expense before thinking about other public company cost, and then youre guiding to only $35 million and I know that not all of the stock comp goes away as you lock down some of the key Covance employees. So thats not a bucket where everything goes to zero, but nonetheless $35 million sounds a little bit on the conservative side when we look at some of the opportunities out there. So could you maybe give us a sense of where the majority of the $35 million comes from this year?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Sorry, Whit this is Glenn. And I think the key point that you said this year, were looking at synergy savings on the cost side of around in excess of a $100 as we go through the process and that doesnt include any of the revenue synergies that Dave and Joe had already spoke to. When you look at the -- we gave the first year piece of it so, and frankly it will probably trend to be call it roughly around a third year as we get over that $100 million number. But in the current year, as you would imagine that the biggest piece of those cost savings will come from the redundant public company cost that we have, because we can take that out right away. We will get some benefit from leveraging of the purchasing power of our combined company as well as with the lab consolidation well get some. But the later two, the purchasing, the lab consolidation are benefits that will obviously accrue and take a little bit longer to achieve over the nest couple of years. So, we view that overall the synergies of the combination are good on the cost side, the revenue side, let alone the expected growth in both of our businesses.
David P. King: And Whit, its Dave. Just to follow-up on that, I think youre right that the stock comp expense is in area that we continue to look at. Obviously all of the stock comp is not going to go away, but there are likely to be some changes in stock comp issuance for this year. I just want to remind everybody that is a non-cash saving. So, it doesnt translate into cash flow and it doesnt translate into cash flow guidance. But its still a savings in terms of overall expense nonetheless.
Whit Mayo: Is there a number to think about for what the new stock comp expense should be for the entire company?
David P. King: We dont guide the stock comp expense and so, no theres no number to think about there.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Now thats fair. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo representing Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Glen Santangelo: Thanks for the question. Glenn, I just want to follow-up on some of the comments you just made earlier about FX, because if we look at the top line guidance for Covance, you obviously called out specifically how big that was. But sort of given the many moving parts and geographic locations for Covance, could you help us think about the operating profit growth particularly as it relates to any FX, headwinds or tailwinds within that number? And obviously there is a piece of the Sanofi deal thats going away late in the fourth quarter. So Im just trying to directionally think about that operating profit growth relative to the revenue number you provided. Thanks.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Sure, Glen. And again, I think we may have already addressed that in an earlier question. We did give you kind of the top line impact from the currency headwinds, and Covance has three principal areas of currency exposure. Obviously they are in 60 countries, but between the Euro zone, the Swiss and UK if you will its primarily where that exposure comes in. So we talked about it roughly call it 330 basis points of negative impact give or take thats in the mid 70s if you will at the revenue line negatively impacting what we believe Covance will see in sales, is if the currency level stay at basically the current levels today and weve talked about that the impact on operating income at least historically for them would be plus or minus around GP a little bit lower than that. So we saw 20% is probably a good proxy where you would want to model that.
Glen Santangelo: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser representing Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Ricky Goldwasser: Hi, good morning, and Steve congratulations on the new role, its really well deserved, and Paul congratulations for you as well. So the question and Ill have a follow-up as well. Dave, can you just talk to us a little bit about kind of like your -- kind of when you think about kind of like the top line guidance for LabCorp standalone. How do you think about kind of like the utilization environment in 2015, and kind of like that price to volume makes it, thats embedded in the guidance?
David P. King: I think the utilization environment just based on the numbers that we saw sequentially in 2014 Ricky has improved, obviously very pleased with 5% plus top line volume growth in the fourth quarter. How do we think about price volume next year? I think we think about relatively similar volume numbers, maybe to be realistic we obviously had very strong year-over-year performance. So, while we dont guide specifically to price and volume I would think a reasonable assumption is volume growth stays about where it is and pricing is relatively flat and maybe down a little bit just depending on the fact so we can identify which are core testing in the fourth quarter outpacing esoteric and movement from uninsured -- the uninsured patient bucket into insured or exchange bucket. So I dont think next year would look a lot different from this year in summary although there maybe a little bit kind of up and down between volume and price.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And Ill use my follow-up question with a question to, Joe. Joe, when you think about the patient recruitment timeline in the new contract that you signed. How long will it take before you can come back to kind of like, your clients and back to us, with some proof of concept data points that will show how much time you saved your clients in the enrolment process?
Joe Herring: Yes, well I mean, Ricky keep in mind, we just closed yesterday, and we have to be careful -- have been very careful with things like gun jumping and getting ahead of ourselves. But as you know clinical trials from the time you went until it starts to ramp up to revenue is 6 to 9 to 12 to as much as 18 months. So, we will be talking about this in the future and giving you an idea of how were doing. But right now its largely manual again. So it will only get too far ahead of ourselves, but ultimately we want to make this industrial strength and bring this as sort of an unparallel offering and a differentiator for our business. So again, were one for one right now.
Stephen Anderson: We have about -- we have about six more questions in the queue, and we have about 10 more minutes. So lets try -- and were going to try to manage to finish at about 10:15 please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of AJ. Rice representing UBS. Please proceed.
Albert Rice: Sure. Hello everybody. Maybe Ill just focus in on this years layout of numbers. I know you dont guide to the quarters. But as we think about the normal seasonal pattern, can you give us anything we should keep in mind as we lay it out, whether its weather in the first quarter or the progression of synergies over the course of the year, anything along those lines?
David P. King: AJ, its Dave. Yes, weather in the first quarter -- obviously the first quarter from the LabCorp diagnostics perspective tends to be a lower quarter, the second and third quarters being stronger. But we dont guide quarter-by-quarter, and so your best -- your best way you could gain insight into that is to look at prior years and see how the quarters have shaped up.
Albert Rice: Okay. All right. I just was thinking in terms of, I mean because this is a corporate synergy for example, do you think youll -- that $35 million lays out pretty evenly across the year, and you got that pretty much upfront or is there any help on the non-traditional seasonal things that you would give us?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes, this is Glenn, AJ. And I can almost a little bit echo Daves comment. If you look at both companies or the combined company were today inclusive -- if you'd expect to see a ramp up in the savings over time. So it's not going to be necessarily pro rata, but when you look at the totality of our revenue, when you look at the totality of our earnings, you're going to see the same pattern, if you will, which again is the strength more of a -- more or less in the second and third being stronger than the first and the fourth. But even so, it is again not material, but if you want to model that closely obviously you'd go lighter in the first and the fourth and a little heavier in the second and the third to follow historical patterns partially offset maybe by a ramp up in the cost coming in, but again thats Im going to drive the numbers that much from a magnitude standpoint.
Albert Rice: Okay.
David P. King: And clearly the synergies are going to -- the synergies will accelerate as we go through the year. We are not going to have a ton on day one, but they will accelerate as we get into the later quarters.
Paul Surdez: All right. This is Paul. Just real quick on the Covance side, the first quarter does have some seasonality in our early development business, so just make a note of that.
Albert Rice: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Clair representing Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
David Clair: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for letting me in the queue here. Just curious Dave, you mentioned that core testing actually grew faster than esoteric. Just kind of curious what the -- why that happened in the quarter?
David P. King: Well, it's a little bit of tough question why it happened, but 
David Clair: Well, yes, but what slowdown in esoteric I guess?
David P. King: Well, nothing has slowdown in esoteric. Core testing outpaced esoteric is what weve said. So esoteric grew consistent with the overall growth of the business, core testing grew faster than the growth of the business and there are probably many thesis about why that happened, but we have people coming in through the exchanges, we have people coming in through Medicaid, we have patients who are previously been uninsured having coverage. The likelihood is that there are initial encounters with physicians and with being covered lives that they're going to run a hepatic panel or lipid profile, and things that we characterize as being in the core as opposed to being in esoteric. So that would be my best assessment of why the core grew faster, but again I don't want to leave the implication that the esoteric didnt grow. The esoteric grew nicely, the core just outgrew it.
David Clair: Okay, thanks. And just a real quick follow-up in terms of Covance. It sounds like the feedback from the existing customers is pretty solid there, but is there anything baked in the guidance in terms of customer attrition?
David P. King: The guidance incorporates a wide range of outcomes, and so you can assume that we have thought about that and incorporated into our thinking.
David Clair: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro representing Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Isaac Ro: Good morning guys. Thanks. On the guidance for Covance, I think you called for 46% growth this year and if I wind back the clock to when the deal was announced we talked about I think longer-term growth in that 7% to 8% range. I just want to kind of get a sense of what you guys think it will take for that sort of acceleration to happen? Is there a sort of a timeframe here that you think over several years or could it be something that sort of hockey sticks into the year two, year three post the deal? Trying to get a sense of how you look at accelerating growth? Thank you.
David P. King: Isaac, its Dave. 46% burdened by 330 basis points of negative currency, which if I add 3.3 to 4, I get 7.3 to 9.3. So it's exactly what we said at the time that we did the deal in terms of the growth perspective and we think that opportunity is there for the long-term.
Isaac Ro: Okay. And then, in terms of pricing for this year across the Company, could you maybe give us a sense given your context on the core business for lab, the total?
David P. King: No, as we said before, we guide to revenue, we don't guide to volume or price.
Isaac Ro: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich representing Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Darren Lehrich: Thanks. Good morning, everybody and congrats to Steve. I may actually go back to eating chicken now. My question is for Dave, and it just relates to ACA and I just wanted to get a quick thought from you Dave, about how you think reform impacted 2014 and then as you think about the 2015 outlook is reform a tailwind, is it neutral? Can you just give us an updated thought or two there?
David P. King: I think the impact Darren, from -- for 14 was it helped volume and if I think back to what we said when we initially gave guidance, it helped volume by more than we thought it was going to. It was a drag on price, both because of the things that we mentioned, the core testing growing faster than the esoteric, the patients moving from uninsured into covered categories and [technical difficulty] exchanges and the growth which you saw in the first half of managed Medicaid. So net-net positive for volume, slightly negative for price. 2015 I saw the statistics that there has been some growth in enrollment and re-enrollment for health plans. I don't think there is anything that is going to be material in there. There are some states s that are talking about Medicaid expansion that hadnt expanded Medicaid previously, that would likely be net positive to volume and negative to price for the reasons that weve spoken about. There is obviously some overhang with the Supreme Court taking up the King versus Burwell case that if that were decided adversely to the government position, there would be significant impact on patients receiving subsidies and we would hope that there would be a constructive political response to that as opposed to sort of chaos for people who had insurance one day and don't have at the next. But that at a high level it's probably how we think about the ACA for 14 and 15.
Darren Lehrich: Okay. But just to be clear, I can hear what you are saying volume and price, was it more or less a push on EBIT? Is that what you're trying to say?
David P. King: No, I think it was probably slightly positive.
Darren Lehrich: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Brokmeier representing Maxim Group. Please proceed.
Bryan Brokmeier: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. To follow-up on Gary's question from quite a while ago on the core business, you generally drive efficiency improvements and take costs out of the LabCorp business and thats youve normally included in your guidance. Are there other margin expansion opportunities included with -- in the guidance or should we think of those as being lumped in with the LaunchPad, though a much smaller piece in that $0.30?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes, this is -- Bryan, Glenn. To make sure I understand your question, first of all, we will agree that the normal course of operations as we have continuous improvement, so we are always looking at leveraging and managing our cost structure. When we talk about LaunchPad, you have to think about it a little bit more than that. It's just not kind of the annual improvement to drive cost out and the leverage, but how can we reengineer processes and deploy systems to enable that to happen where you can't do that on the margin. So as we think about taking out around a $150 million plus of cost over the next three years, we have the impact of $50 million arguably would be greater than what would have been the normal reductions in our cost focus in a particular one-year period, so were getting the additional benefit of it. But part of what were doing is would be also considered the normal course than more structural changes in what we do obviously will accrue as we go to the out years. But we are looking at taking costs out, we are looking at improving our bad debt experience, collections getting paid for tests that we are performing, that we might not have been in the past, and then the more traditional thing such as outsourcing, labor efficiency, so it's all packed in there, but thats why you see probably a greater impact in 15 than in the normal ordinary course of just our continuous improvement.
David P. King: And Bryan, its Dave. I think if I understood the question, it is -- it was are there other margin opportunities that are outside -- margin improvement opportunities that are outside the guidance mean the guidance contemplates the operation of the business similar to the way the business operated last year. We had significant growth in esoteric over and above the growth in core, obviously thats a margin improvement opportunity. So that's why we give a range of guidance is that there are many things embedded in it that can move one way or another.
Bryan Brokmeier: Right. My question was just on the -- when the question was about the core business being flat, I was looking at as if more, it's not flat though margin expansion opportunities that normally we see every year are what included in that $0.30?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes, that actually -- again, as we think through the $50 million of savings in the first year, thats correct. We are looking at the total program, some initiatives would have been done without calling it LaunchPad, but that is part of our what we are calling a LaunchPad is our -- call it improvement initiative. But the bigger part of it is that as you think through the three-year total, you start to see more of a structural changes, but it's all-inclusive.
David P. King: And we don't agree that the core business is flat. I don't think that's an accurate characterization.
Bryan Brokmeier: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brian Tanquilut representing Jefferies. Please proceed.
Brian Tanquilut: Hey, good morning guys. I promise I will just do one question. So Dave, did volume performance 5% organic, so if you dont mind just giving us your views right on the market share dynamics and how the hospital market share shift is playing out and what your strategy is and what you guys are doing for that, as you look at to the next three to five years?
David P. King: I dont spend a lot of time talking about market share. I think it's a hard thing to characterize. Our operational team has performed exceptionally well in terms of generating organic volume growth whether that's through contract wins, whether that's through sales, whether that's through service improvements, every day I get e-mails from customers, letters from customers about how LabCorp people go above and beyond to do the things that need to be done to serve the customers and for patient care. Thats were going to continue to focus on as part of what LaunchPad is about is, we do a great job today, but there are things that we can do better for the patients, for the physicians, for the payer, so look I think were doing a great job operationally. I'm very proud of what we've done operationally and we are going to continue to execute on the operational opportunities that are ahead of us.
Brian Tanquilut: All right. Thanks.
David P. King: Thank you.
Operator: With no further questions at this time, Id now like to turn the call back to Dave King for any closing remarks. End of Q&A
David P. King: Thank you. In closing, I'd like to say, we appreciate your time and your questions this morning and your interest. And just would sum up by saying, as weve said many times, the healthcare system is demanding better outcomes at lower costs and were now the worlds leading healthcare diagnostics company and we have unmatched capabilities to serve every stakeholder in the healthcare system. We have a unique and complete set of tool to deliver what the system needs. Its an exciting time for LabCorp and we look forward to updating you on our progress as we carryout our key 2015 priorities. Thank you and good day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Anderson -  David P. King - Chairman Glenn A. Eisenberg - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Joshua Kalenderian - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Per Erik Ostlund - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David C. Clair - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2014 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. My name is Shantalle, and I will be your facilitator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Steve Anderson. Please proceed, sir.
Stephen Anderson: Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Third Quarter 2014 Conference Call. I'm Steve Anderson, Vice President of Investor Relations, and with me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. This morning, we will highlight our progress on our 5-pillar strategy, discuss our third quarter 2014 financial results and update our 2014 guidance. Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our website, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS, free cash flow and adjusted operating income. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect the company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2013 10-K and will be included in subsequent filings with the SEC. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now I'll turn the call over to Dave King.
David P. King: Thank you, Steve. Good morning. We are pleased with the strong revenue and volume growth that we have generated this year and believe that the long-term growth prospects for our business and the industry remain great. We employ our 5-pillar strategy to capitalize on these opportunities, and I would now like to highlight our key initiatives within this strategy. With respect to pillar 1, we deploy our capital to investments that enhance our business and return capital to shareholders. Last month, we announced our acquisition of LipoScience, a premier esoteric laboratory focused on personalized diagnostics for cardiovascular and metabolic disorders. The NMR LipoProfile test is the only FDA-cleared test for measuring LDL particle numbers, offering actionable information for physicians and patients in the management of cardiovascular disease. Hence, this acquisition will enhance our innovative clinical decision support programs, allowing us to provide broader, differentiated knowledge services to physicians and patients. Furthermore, the novel application of nuclear magnetic resonance technology furthers our leadership in scientific innovation. This transaction is expected to be accretive to LabCorp's earnings in year 1 and to earn its cost of capital by year 3. Earlier this month, the Federal Trade Commission granted early termination of the HSR waiting period for this acquisition, and we expect it to close during the fourth quarter. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately $66 million of our shares, bringing our year-to-date total to $228 million. Our cash balance at the end of the third quarter was $576 million, but this cash balance does not reflect any change in our capital allocation philosophy. We anticipate reducing this cash balance in future quarters, continuing to make strategic acquisitions, as well as returning capital to our shareholders. Under pillar 2, we aim to enhance our IT capabilities to improve the physician and patient experience. We continue to improve our tools that assist physicians and patients in interpreting test results and optimizing decision-making. To this end, we are partnering with Wolters Kluwer to develop UpToDate adviser for labs, a decision-support resource for clinicians interpreting test results. This partnership equips clinicians with real-time contextual laboratory decision-support content, delivered while the clinician is reviewing results. Similar content will be made available to patients, which will help them to review and understand their lab results. That content will be available through our Patient Portal where registrations now exceed 625,000 patients, and these patients currently review over 120,000 reports via the portal each month. We believe that providing patients with tools that help them understand their health is fundamental to reducing costs and improving outcomes. With respect to pillar 3, we continue to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services. Our Propel robots in our Burlington and Tampa laboratories continue to drive expense reduction through improvements in throughput and accuracy and to enhance service levels. We remain on schedule to begin the installation of Propel in our Dublin, Ohio facility at the end of this year, and we plan to install Propel in 5 additional facilities over the next 2 years. We continue to streamline our operations and reduce expenses through facility rationalization. The consolidations of our facilities at Mitchel Field, New York and Monrovia, California into our Connecticut and Santa Fe laboratories, respectively, are now complete. Also, we continue to consolidate services, expand our test offerings and leverage increased capacity in our center for specialty and clinical testing located in Phoenix, Arizona. We are building significant momentum on our enterprise-wide business process improvement initiative, and we have initiated several projects that will begin to bear fruit in 2015. We are reengineering our business to provide a better operating platform, sustainable long-term savings and a world-class customer experience. We plan to discuss this initiative in detail when we report our year-end results and provide our 2015 guidance in February. Under pillar 4, we continue our scientific innovation at reasonable and appropriate pricing. We recently launched our informaSeq Prenatal Test, an advanced, non-invasive, next-generation prenatal screening assay that assesses risk for multiple fetal chromosomal abnormalities from a single maternal blood draw. There are testing options for several additional common sex-related abnormalities as part of informaSeq. We have also recently launched our BRCA Next-Generation Sequencing assay, which provides complete gene sequence analysis of BRCA1 and 2. In combination with our Care Coordination preauthorization service, LabCorp offers an end-to-end program that includes compliance with insurance requirements, comprehensive testing and expert interpretation from our licensed directors and our team of 123 board-certified genetic counselors and 9 medical geneticists. We also continue to see growth in our companion diagnostic assays that help physicians guide targeted drug therapy. For example, our HCV GenoSure NS3/4A assay is the first commercially available test to provide drug resistance data for new HCV antivirals. With respect to pillar 5, we continue our progress in developing knowledge services. Last month, we announced the launch of Enlighten Health Genomics, and later this quarter, Enlighten Health Genomics will introduce ExomeReveal, a whole Exome sequencing testing service. ExomeReveal will provide genome-wide interpretation for children with serious genetic diseases as well as additional diagnostic information for patients of any age. Because evidence increasingly suggests that early genetic diagnosis can improve clinical outcomes, patients with serious genetic conditions require a thorough interpretation of their genome. We will offer innovative and affordable diagnostic solutions that make genomic testing accessible to support critical clinical diagnoses. We continue to develop all aspects of our Enlighten Health initiative, our decision support programs, our Care Intelligence data analytics programs and our clinical trials business. Our data and analytics tools help physicians understand their metrics of care delivery and improve compliance with pay-for-performance and population health metrics. Our disease-specific expertise in kidney stone, chronic kidney disease, cardiovascular disease and coagulation help physicians tailor specific treatment programs for their patients. Finally, our clinical trials central lab business serves physicians and patients by working with pharmaceutical companies to create vertical alignment from drug design to identification of unique patient populations that will respond to therapy. As discussed on our last earnings call, we invested in BeaconLBS in 2011 because we understood that providers need assistance in selecting the right test for their patients and payers need help at appropriately managing the utilization of laboratory testing. After extensive market analysis and an enormous amount of hard work, we invented a tool that helps physicians choose the right test at the right time and helps payers improve quality of care and thoughtfully address concerns about unit cost and trend. UnitedHealthcare launched the innovative Laboratory Benefit Management Program with BeaconLBS in Florida on October 1, and we are pleased with the rollout thus far. We have positioned LabCorp to grow through the era of health care reform, a time in which quality, efficiency, scale and essential role in improving care delivery and patient outcomes will be the key measures of success. Our 5-pillar strategy will enable us to excel in all of these areas, generating shareholder value for years to come. Now I'll turn the call over to Glenn to review our financial results.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Thank you, Dave. Sales for the quarter were $1.6 billion, an increase of 6.1% over last year. The increase in sales was the result of strong volume, measured by requisitions and acquisitions, which was partially offset by price mix and currency. Total volume increased 6.9% over last year, with most of the growth coming organically. Revenue per requisition decreased 0.7%, of which 0.3% was due to foreign currency translation. Top line growth was spread evenly across our core and esoteric businesses. From a payer perspective, managed care revenue increased the most at roughly 10%, while pricing remained relatively flat. The increase in managed care revenue was driven in part by the Affordable Care Act. Gross profit for the quarter was $571 million or 36.8% of sales. This compares to gross profit of $548 million or 37.5% of sales last year. The increase in gross profit was due to volume and productivity, which was partially offset by price mix, personnel cost and depreciation. SG&A for the quarter was $306 million or 19.7% of sales compared to $279 million or 19.1% last year. During the quarter, we incurred $5 million of special charges, primarily related to our business process improvement initiative. The remainder of the increase was due to personnel costs, acquisitions and an increase in bad debt expense. While the bad debt rate was higher than last year, it was down from last quarter, and we expect to continue to make progress on lowering this rate in the future. During the quarter, we had $6 million of restructuring and special items, primarily due to facility closures and related severance compared to $4 million last year. Operating income was $241 million or 15.6% of sales compared to $245 million or 16.7% of sales last year. Excluding restructuring and special charges totaling $11 million, adjusted operating income was $253 million or 16.3% of sales compared to $248 million or 17% last year. Interest expense for the quarter was $26 million compared to $25 million last year. The increase was driven by higher debt balances as a result of our debt financings in the fourth quarter of last year, partially offset by the benefit of fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps on a portion of our debt. The tax rate for the quarter was 37.2% compared to 35.3% last year. The increase in the tax rate over last year was the result of benefits related to discrete items realized in the third quarter of 2013. As a result, net income for the quarter were $137 million or $1.59 per diluted share. This compares to $148 million or $1.63 per diluted share last year. Excluding amortization, restructuring and other special items, adjusted EPS was $1.80, unchanged from last year. We continue to generate strong cash flow. During the quarter, operating cash flow was $176 million compared to $234 million last year, as we used working capital to support strong top line growth. Capital expenditures totaled $53 million, which was essentially unchanged from last year. As a result, free cash flow or cash from operating activities after capital expenditures was $123 million compared to $182 million last year. As Dave mentioned, during the third quarter, we repurchased $66 million of our stock, bringing our year-to-date share repurchases to $228 million. We ended the quarter with approximately $824 million remaining under our Board-authorized share repurchase program. Our full year guidance for 2014 is for sales growth of approximately 3%. Given our performance in the third quarter and outlook for the year, we have increased our 2014 adjusted EPS guidance to $6.70 to $6.80. Operating cash flow was targeted at $760 million to $780 million, while capital expenditures are projected to be $200 million to $205 million. As a result, free cash flow is now projected at $555 million to $580 million. The lower free cash flow range is reflective of additional working capital needs to support our strong top line growth, as well as investments associated with our business process improvement initiative and restructuring activities. This ends our formal remarks, and now we'll be happy to take any questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby of Bank of America.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dave, can you speak to your expectations for Enlighten Health Genomics and how the money will flow there, what kind of payer support we should see? And also, just what are your plans for the Canadian infrastructure, with some business moving away from you there?
David P. King: Bob, it's Dave. The plans for Enlighten Health Genomics, at least initially, are that the offering will be directed largely toward the self-pay market. So part of the reason that it's under Enlighten Health and part of the reason that it's a broader whole Exome offering than our traditional reproductive genetics business is, as we indicated, is targeting the market for early childhood development, developmental delay and early childhood severe genetic diseases. I'm sure over time, there will involve to be a commercial payer component of that. And our expectations are, given the severity of the disease states that we're looking at that we'll have a successful payment experience even with the commercial payers. With regard to Canada, I'm going to ask Glenn to comment on that, as he is directly involved in the day-to-day handling of that situation, which, as you know, is the Alberta RFP.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes, Robert, this is Glenn. To your point, we currently are servicing the Alberta Health System, and they did an RFP a while ago and have chosen to go with another company, at least at this stage, to now negotiate a new transaction with them. As you know, we're a minority investor in that company, DynaLIFE. And while the results are not material to us, obviously, we're very disappointed with the decision that's been made by AHS. Having said that, we've not been debriefed yet by them as far as why we didn't go ahead and have our business re-upped. And then there's an appeals process that follows that, should we elect to do that. So getting disappointed with it. We feel Canada is a very attractive market. We are already there outside of just this minority joint venture that we have elsewhere in Canada, and we'll continue to pursue all the options we have to continue to perform business out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich of Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Kalenderian - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Josh in for Darren. I'm hoping you can shed some light on your operating leverage and with the increased volume you've been getting, is there any reason why you haven't been getting better operating leverage out of the operating income?
David P. King: Josh, it's Dave. I'll start and then turn it over to Glenn. I mean, I think the obvious answer is that when the difference in operating leverage is the decline in price, so if you look at versus last year, we're down 70 basis points in price. If you add that price differential back in, our operating leverage is basically about the same. When you think about the foundation model, which we've talked about for years, the assumption in the foundation model is that price is flat to slightly up. And you may recall, with the benefit of positive mix, we used to get 50 to 100 basis points of positive price from the -- just from mix-driven price. So when price is flat to increasing, there's great leverage and, obviously, as price is declining, it's more difficult to get leverage because every incremental specimen that comes in the door requires reagents, requires labor, requires infrastructure costs. And in a declining price environment, it's difficult to get leverage. But we are very pleased with the price improvements sequentially from the second quarter to the third quarter and from the beginning of the year through this point in the year, and have every reason to expect that, that would continue. Glenn?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: No it's -- maybe I'll just add just a little bit of color because I think that addresses it pretty well. I think where we're pleased is the amount of organic growth that we're experiencing in the company, pleased with the amount of productivity that we're getting through that as we leverage our lab. But as Dave said, when you have price and mix issues, obviously that falls down to the bottom line. In addition, we've had some bad debt rate increase and expense that, again, we think we peaked that on. So as we go forward, we would expect to see that to start to show favorable comps, which will help. Again, I don't know if you're looking at it on an as-adjusted basis, but we also had some restructuring in special items. And to that point, in recognition of the fact that we are seeing the margin squeeze because of pricing, we're really looking at this business process improvement initiative and restructuring in order to continue to leverage our cost structure, which will continue to benefit the company as we go forward.
Joshua Kalenderian - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And if I could just have one more. Can you guys give us an update on your progress with molecular pathology payment in onset of state Medicaid programs?
David P. King: Yes, it's Dave. We continue to work with the state Medicaid programs we have, and there are some managed Medicaid programs as well that have been challenging for us. While we have made some progress there, the progress has been slower than I would like. So we have now undertaken a review of accounts that are generating a large amount of MoPath volumes and high write-offs and relatively -- other relatively small amounts of other business. And we're starting to shed those accounts because they are generating a large amount of MoPath volumes, high write-offs, so there's a significant amount of expense in performing the MoPath. So we're attacking the problem on both sides, one is continuing to work with the payers and the other is pruning accounts that are basically, in our view, just using the opportunity to send us MoPath with the recognition that we're not going to get reimbursed for it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Per Ostlund of Craig-Hallum.
Per Erik Ostlund - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to ask quickly about the cash balance, it's grown here the last couple of quarters quite nicely. I'm sure some of that here in Q3, you've kind of got that set aside for the LipoScience transaction. But just wondering if we could get your kind of most current thoughts on the appropriate leverage for the company and share repurchase.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes, sure, Per Ostlund. As Dave made a comment, I guess, in his opening remarks, we do recognize that our cash balances have increased. The good news is, obviously, we continue to generate good free cash flow that's providing that while we continue to pursue acquisitions and do share repurchases. We've not changed our, call it, targeted leverage, the 2.5x debt to EBITDA, which we realize that on a net basis, we would be below that level right now given our cash balances. So we continue to look at opportunities, we continue to expect to redeploy our capital and we would continue to at least expect that, that cash balance will decline over future periods.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill of JPMorgan.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Dave, I know I asked about this last quarter around BeaconLBS, but just given the things you've highlighted today around the doctor making the right test decision at the right time, et cetera, I'm just curious, if you compare those doctors that are using this versus a similar doctor, are you seeing them doing more lab tests, less lab tests? And what do you think that, that means for the future if you continue to see this roll out to other physicians?
David P. King: Lisa, it's Dave. I think it's too early to draw any conclusions about more lab tests or fewer lab tests from the population of users of BeaconLBS. I would point you to the slide in our investor deck that talks about 20% overutilization of lab tests in certain circumstances and 45% utilization in other common diseases -- sorry, 45% underutilization in other common disease states. So the point is, BeaconLBS is really less about overutilization/underutilization than it is about choosing the right test for the patient at the right time based on a Q&A that's presented to the physician. So I think as we think about over time and again, refer you to the investor deck, the slide that shows the growth in number of lab tests per patient in the population from 1997 to 2008 and also the increase in lab test per patient per year as patients age, I don't think we're talking about dramatic decreases in volume of laboratory testing as a result of trying to manage cost and trend. I think what we're talking about is exactly what we've always talked about, which is better use of lab testing for diagnostics, better use of the tools to get at the disease state and better use of lab testing in support of precision medicine and personalized care. And that's the goal not only of BeaconLBS, but also of our decision-support programs. It's all about how do we get the right test to the right patient at the right time because we are here for the patient and how do we use lab testing to integrate with other data that will enhance the care that the physician is able to provide to the patient.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just thinking about the right tests, can you maybe just give us any update you have around BRCA, as far as what you're seeing around test volumes there?
David P. King: Sure. We're very pleased with BRCA volumes. We've seen very nice, steady growth since the time that we launched it. Moving to the Next-Gen Sequencing platform has enabled us to significantly increase the speed of performing the test. So most of the "BRCA backlog" that we have is due to the preauthorization requirements and we wait for preauthorization. But volume continues to grow, the throughput in the lab is excellent and we're very, very pleased with where we are in the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Brokmeier of Maxim Group.
Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Last quarter, you mentioned that it was hard to identify the benefit from ACA, but there was a slight benefit. Now about 3 months later, it seems that it may have been a greater impact in the quarter. As we look to people getting more coverage next year, should we think about it taking about 3 months for members to get their benefit cards and start utilizing benefits? Or any sort of thoughts on what benefit you'll get next year?
David P. King: Bryan, it's Dave. I think the benefit from ACA has been greater than we have expected from a volume perspective this year. I think if you go back and look at what we said starting in the fourth quarter of last year, that we expected ACA to be relatively neutral, maybe a slight net positive. I mean, obviously, from a volume perspective, I think ACA has contributed to our growth and particularly to the very strong organic growth. I think it's hard to know next year because there are many factors up in the air. Medicaid -- the potential of Medicaid expansion in some additional states, some of the grandfathered plans or the plans that were allowed to be grandfathered for 1 more year that were noncompliant going away and people moving to the exchanges. Patients -- pre-Medicare patients moving to exchanges and even some managed Medicare moving to the exchanges. So I'm hesitant to forecast what it would be, particularly given the inaccuracy of my earlier forecast. But we do see ACA as a net positive in terms of volume. And again, as we have mentioned, there is somewhat of a drag on price due to test mix and also due to payer mix.
Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: All right. And I know that your guidance does not include future share repurchases or M&A. But could you talk a little bit about what other assumptions are built into your outlook in terms of health care utilization, molecular pathology reimbursement or other key issues that are being built into your outlook?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Bryan, this is Glenn. You're right, for the share repurchases and M&A, we don't after the third quarter, so project that out. But obviously, we continue to be in the market and again, have an acquisition that we announced, albeit would not be material to our fourth quarter results, albeit, hopefully, we do close it in the quarter. The rest of the guidance is based upon just essentially the organic growth that we're seeing. We've given guidance at the top line for the year, so you kind of get an implication of what that means for the fourth quarter. Similarly, we expect to have good operating performance and results in the fourth quarter. I think this was a question earlier with the pressures that we've been having from price and mix, you can see that the comps for the quarter compared to the quarter a year ago, each time the margin differential is narrowing, so we're starting to see that price mix abate a bit. So hopefully, with good volume, we'll start to see good leverage with pricing and mix not impacting as much. We're -- now hopefully, we'll start to see some favorable comps on margins year-over-year.
David P. King: And Bryan, just a thought. Just one other thing. So we're not assuming any improvement in the MoPath, specifically, we're not assuming any improvement in the MoPath payment experience. And we also have not factored in any financial benefit from the enterprise-wide reengineering, although, obviously, the cost side of that is factored in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy of William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just a follow-up on the mix conversation. So just given all of your new tests and directions, specifically the NGS testing, is there -- I guess, what are your expectations longer term around mix? I know, obviously, not expecting guidance commentary, but do you think that possibly, we could see an improvement in the -- at least from a tough mix perspective in 2015?
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. Yes, I think that if you look at the tests that were launched in the informaSEQ, the various NGS methodologies, the -- all of the infectious disease-related tests that follow on the HCV screening, the Exome business, I mean, all of these are high value. We also were pleased to see that, from a mix perspective, we had an increase in pathology volume this quarter, which, as you know, has been a challenging area for us. So all of these things helped mix. And I think over -- again, all other things being equal, we would expect to see mix improve next year. The unknown in that is that the mix component, particularly of the ACA/managed Medicaid, is a mix that is more driven towards the -- or more weighted towards the core testing, and so that offsets some of the benefit. And partly, that's because of payment policies of not paying for molecular pathology and genetic testing, and partly, it's just because of patients new in the system are getting tests that are more weighted toward core testing. So there are a lot of moving parts in there, but we continue to strive to return to that 40% esoteric mix and, obviously, over time, we've said 45%, and we think that's a realistic aspiration for ourselves.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And then just again on the Next-Gen topic. So I'm wondering, how close are you guys or how much visibility do you have into some of the pricing of the new Next-Gen code for 2015? I guess I'm wondering, is there a risk around that side of the business, similar to what we saw with MoPath where you see new test codes come online and maybe payers are less -- more reluctant to pay for them?
David P. King: I don't think we have a lot of visibility into the -- into Next-Gen codes. So far, our experience with payment for Next-Gen methodology has been fine because again, it's a different methodology for performing testing that already has codes assigned. So it's too early to tell at this time, but I will tell you that we're working very hard to avoid a repeat of the MoPath situation in terms of payer policies and utilization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor of Citi.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A couple of questions. Just a follow-up on your ACA volume comments. I just wanted to see, are you suggesting as the year progressed that you've just continued to see more Medicaid volume coming through? Or are you seeing more health care exchange volume? Or is the answer both?
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. The Medicaid volume was a much bigger percentage of growth in the earlier quarters than it is now. So that's actually abated over time, and it's very hard to attribute that with any precision. But you could argue that, that was people who were getting coverage for the first time under the ACA and were going to the doctor at the beginning of the year. That has -- the -- Medicaid, make no mistake, managed Medicaid has grown significantly this year, but the percentage of overall growth that it accounts for has declined from the first quarter to the second quarter and declined again from the second to the third. In terms of the exchanges, we don't have a lot of visibility about who are our exchange patients because again, they just come to us with an insurance card, and that insurance card says that they have XYZ insurance. It doesn't say that they are exchange patients. So we are seeing, as Glenn mentioned, strong revenue growth from the managed care payer set and some of that, undoubtedly, is exchange-based and some of it is growth in commercial lines.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Second question, just looking at the gross profit this quarter, which you guys did touch on. But what's interesting to me is, I think as far back as our model goes, I don't think we've ever had gross profit dollars up sequentially from 2Q to 3Q. And so I just wondered if you could -- I mean, obviously, the revenue growth in the quarter was part of that dynamic, but even the sequential gross profit margin decline was much less than we would typically see. So I just wonder, is there anything else from that dynamic worth discussing? And it doesn't look like much of that was really carried into what's left for the fourth quarter in terms of gross margin assumption, so any extra on that?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Just as a general comment to your point, gross profit is growing because of the benefit of the volume that we're getting. We talked earlier about just the price mix, while it's a little bit of a headwind, it's been mitigating. So the additional volume we're getting is helping the gross margin. As we look forward, again, we got kind of given the implied numbers for the fourth quarter, so we actually expect to see a pretty good comparison year-over-year, still having a bit of a headwinds. But when you look sequentially, the fourth quarter normally would be a lower-volume period for us compared to the third, so from a trend, if you will, expect that. But we're pleased at least with the volume there, with the productivity that we're getting. Gross profit, it's going to be holding into that kind of range and that we should start to see now even better leverage on our cost structure as we go forward, especially that now this is on the S&A side as the bad debt now starts to compare favorably from period-to-period.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. Last question, just kind of big picture from an investment perspective and kind of going back to the foundation model that you talked about. But when you look at overall, operating income margins have declined since 2008. We all know the reasons for that. But as we look into '15, Dave, you talked about an expectation that mix would improve. I don't know if that yet means that revenue per rep actually can grow in a material way in '15 or not. But really, it seems like, with volumes having recovered, that the bulk of the margin outlook from here is really predicated on that pricing outlook. So as we look into '15, you've got a new cost-saving program you're going to talk about, you're expecting mix to improve. Now is it fair to have expectations at this point that operating margin actually grows in 2015?
David P. King: Gary, we obviously are in the process of working through our budget, which leads to our guidance in February, so I'm not going to answer the question directly because I think it would be unfair to do so. But what I will say is, when we think about 2015, at least what we're seeing in the trends, we have no major managed care renewals. We have a trend of volume strengthening through 2014. Now again, some of that could be one time because of ACA, but obviously, we're very pleased with the volume, and particularly the organic volume contribution in this quarter. Price has been moderating and no guarantee that, that continues, but we've lapped some of the major pricing events, the doc fix cut sequestration, the major impact of MoPath. So what I would say is, there aren't any obvious reasons as I think about the performance in 2014 why we shouldn't see operating margin improvement in 2015. There's no obvious headwinds that are blowing on our faces at the moment, but -- and we feel good about that. But things could change, and so I'm not going to kind of put a stake in the ground right now and say, "Yes, you should expect to see operating margins improve." That would be our hope based on the continuation of the -- if we see the continuation of these positive trends.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I have a follow-up question on the growth you're seeing for your managed care business and really how it compares to total. So I think, Dave, you mentioned 10% growth in the managed care business. And if we think about it, it's being about 45% of the revenues, is it fair to assume that it contributed about 4.5% to top line growth, and then maybe the rest of your payers and businesses are growing more in line with the market at the 1.5-ish percent to 2% revenue growth? I mean, is that a fair way to look at it?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Ricky, this is Glenn. Overall, again, we did comment that managed care was the strongest growth of the payer groups that we have, but it is a little bit of a mix. So some of that growth is coming out of other areas as opposed to just natural growth, such as patient, if you will, and third party that may have moved into that. But overall, when we look at, from a test perspective, we saw a pretty broad growth really across both the core and the esoteric parts of our business. But from a shift, to your point, managed care is coming in at roughly around 45% of the business that we have. So from a mix standpoint, it increased greater than our other payer categories. But again, with the exception, I guess, of client, that would have been up a fair amount as well. Others would have come down and moved into those categories.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So just as a follow-up, just to tie it to the margin discussion, because I think this is one of the areas that are a little bit confusing to us. Should we assume that given the moving parts in that managed care bucket with ACA lives, et cetera, that maybe for the time being that managed care payer segment might be lower margin than some of the other payers, and that's why you haven't seen the leverage in the margins yet?
David P. King: Ricky, it's Dave. Again, managed care is a very large -- we have over 2,000, 2,500 managed care relationships and contracts, so it's not accurate to paint managed care as having a particular margin. We don't have margins within our business. As I think we've said on a number of occasions, when a specimen goes through the instrument, the instrument doesn't care if it's a Medicare specimen, a Medicaid specimen or a managed care specimen. We don't have margins by payer. What I would say is, the growth in managed care, particularly what you saw in the first quarter, and to some extent, in the second quarter of the year, was overweighted toward movement of patients who previously were uninsured into managed Medicaid. So that, just from a pure price perspective, accounted for a lot of the drag that you saw. And you saw that starting to abate in the third quarter.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And just also just lastly, I noted in the past you talked about, on average, 2% to 3% top line growth is kind of a base growth. And once you've kind of get past it, you can start seeing the leverage in the margin. Again, not assuming the moving parts around Medicaid population, does that still hold?
David P. King: Yes, as long as price is flat to up, that still holds.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Clair of Piper Jaffray.
David C. Clair - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So first one from me, I'm just curious if maybe you can give us your thoughts on FDA regulation of LDTs and how that might impact your business.
David P. King: David, it's Dave. My perspective on FDA regulation of LDTs is quite clear and I've been pretty vocal about it. Diagnostic testing is not a device, it's a medical service. LDTs, the FDA, in our view, does not have the authority to regulate LDTs as medical devices. They don't have the statutory authority to do that because medical tests are not devices. On top of that, the attempt to make this kind of regulatory change through a guidance document, which on its face says that it's not binding on the FDA and only reflects their current views and yet, in this document, lays out a 10-year regulatory plan with registration requirements and penalties for those who don't register, to me, is just incomprehensible. So my perspective is, this is one of the biggest land grab attempts in the history of regulation. And from my perspective, we intend to vigorously oppose it. What could it do to our business? I mean, first of all, it could dramatically affect the practice of medicine, and it is the practice of medicine when doctors select what test to use. And I don't understand how FDA thinks that somehow, creating this great regulatory system around laboratory developed tests is going to help doctors practice medicine. It interferes with the practice of medicine where doctors make rational choices about the tests that they want to use. Furthermore, there's been no study of the economic impact on our industry, on patients or on the practice of medicine related to this because FDA has not followed the proper administrative procedure for doing what it's trying to do. So I think you can tell that I feel very, very strongly about this, and my perspective is that we, as an industry, need to oppose this attempt at regulation as strongly as we possibly can.
David C. Clair - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then I was hoping to get an update on the noninvasive prenatal testing business. And do you think that right now, we're primarily -- you're seeing primarily high-risk volume? Or do you think we're starting to see some average risk volume there?
David P. King: Well, my understanding is that the test is approved and being offered for high-risk patients. Now there's no question that -- again, let's go back to the last question you asked, which was LDTs and the practice of medicine. Some physicians in the course of the practice of medicine are choosing noninvasive prenatal screening for average-risk patients. That's the physician's choice. We are certainly not marketing the test or presenting the test that way. I will say that most of the payers have policies against payment for noninvasive prenatal testing for average risk. And I think to get a payment -- to get payment in place, the test is going to just need more data to support its use in the average risk population.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to talk a little bit about utilization in the context of fourth quarter. I think we've seen a relatively steady uptick in seasonality into fourth quarter of the last few years, and was wondering if your guidance assumes that we'll see another sort of seasonal uptick versus past years.
David P. King: Isaac, it's Dave. The guidance assumes that the fourth quarter will be much like prior fourth quarters in the sense that major contributors to our performance are holidays, weather, limited -- a fewer number of revenue days because of Thanksgiving and obviously the Christmas and New Year's season. So what we do is, obviously, we build the guidance off the full year model and we look at prior fourth quarter experience and incorporate that in, and I can't say that it does or does not include seasonal upticks in volume or seasonal downticks in volume. It's just the guidance, as we always say, encompasses a wide range of outcomes and it's built on a model based on past experience.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then just secondly, a question on bad debt. I think earlier in your comments, you said that you thought that the bad debt dynamic has peaked here. I was hoping you could help us understand the reasoning for that process.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes, Isaac, this is Glenn. Again, it's just a very proactive approach to doing it. Bad debt, just given the volumes we have, will go up. But what we've seen is that from a rate standpoint, based upon historical performance, we saw our rate rise. We now have seen a trend for -- this current quarter is now down from the prior quarter around 20 basis points. If we maintain that level currently, which is at least our expectation now, that it will start to comp favorably to the rate that we would have the same period a year ago. We continue to be very proactive. Part of our business process improvement initiative as well, encompasses how we go about our efforts to collect, and we're encouraged about the initial progress that we're seeing and we would expect that to continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny of ISI Group.
Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So Glenn, one quick question, and I apologize if I missed this. Did you give the actual contribution from nonorganic revenue in the quarter?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: We did not. We gave that, kind of from a volume standpoint, we were up around 6.9%, with most of that coming from organic. You're looking at a little over, call it, 5.5%, give or take, would come from organic and, call it, 1 point, 1.5 points coming from acquisitions.
Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: That's quite helpful. And then, Dave, a question for you and going back to a topic I know has been one you're focused on from a government perspective. Now that we're a little bit ways past the doc fix and the clinical lab fee schedule review push out, how do you start to think about the positioning ahead of the review that's going to go into place for 2017 adjustments? How are you guys positioning yourselves with CMS and going about again, proving your point as to the value you provide relative to the review that's going to come up in the market-based pricing that will be put in place. I just want to get a sense now that -- we're 6 months past now, so maybe you have a differentiated view versus where you've been before.
David P. King: Sure. So we've actually -- quite recently, the ACLA membership went and met over at CMS, with folks who were working on the -- how the market survey is going to be formulated and how they're going to evaluate market pricing. And I think the good news coming away from that discussion is that, first of all, CMS recognizes it's a complex task that they've been assigned. And I think, second of all, they generally want to do a good job because I think the understanding of the -- of all the parties was -- that what was intended was, yes, market-based pricing, but it had to be based on true market. It's not just independent lab market. It's not just select market pricing or select test pricing. It's the true market, and the true market has to include commercial payer pricing to hospital laboratories that are paid on an average basis or paid off a commercial lab fee schedule. So obviously, there's a lot of work to be done here. And there will be -- my understanding is there'll be a proposed rule on how the surveys will be conducted thats going to be coming out from CMS later this year. We are working collaboratively with them as an industry to try to make this a fair process and to get the outcome that the Senate Finance Committee and the government and we agreed, which was the right outcome, which is a market-based pricing benchmark, but again representative of the true market for laboratory services, including all competitors in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice of UBS.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Real quick, I guess. So if we took your 6% organic growth -- 6% revenue growth this quarter and you maintain your full year guidance at 3%, I think that implies that your fourth quarter year-to-year growth steps back down to 3%. I know -- I understand about the -- that every year, the fourth quarter has some seasonal issues in it, but I guess, is there any reason to think that the pace of year-to-year growth that you've seen in the third quarter would moderate in the fourth quarter?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: A.J., this is Glenn, and then ask Dave if he wants to share in the color. You're right, our expectation for the fourth year-over-year is, call it, the 3.3% based on the implied guidance. So that would take the seasonality out, if you will, from a year-over-year. So clearly, it's a reason why sequentially, our fourth quarter estimate is down from the third quarter for the reasons that Dave alluded to earlier. Again, we still feel that there's good, strong organic growth that's in that. We're still seeing some negative implications from price mix that will affect it, but it's becoming less and less. So, the good news is that while the growth on the volume is now at that 3 plus or minus percent growth, we're starting to now get leverage even off of that level. So that we'll continue to see comparability in our margins and earnings, if you will, year-over-year, at that 3% level of revenue growth and hopefully even -- we'll see even better leverage than that.
David P. King: And -- it's Dave. Just -- the only other comment I'd make is back to an earlier observation about we did see a relative spike in the fourth quarter of last year, so again, it's the year-over-year comp that you're looking at, we think about the sequential comp as being reasonably consistent in terms of the growth rate.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe if I could just ask you, I think you mentioned the Alberta contract, and I think we know how much of volumes that is. But is there any commentary about how much revenues and when would that roll off if you're not successful on your appeals?
David P. King: So just to be clear, A.J., we don't consolidate the revenue, so it does not have any revenue impact. It only has an impact below the line, and it's quite immaterial.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: A.J., the contract that we currently have, I believe, takes us through 2016. And as Dave said, given that we're a minority investor in it, we don't consolidate it, so revenues don't show and the earnings, obviously, we take below the line, which again, we don't want to give up, but it's not material.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the conference over back to Mr. Dave King for closing remarks. Please proceed, sir.
David P. King: Thank you very much. We thank you, all, for joining us on our call this morning, and we hope that you have a great day. Good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Anderson - Vice President, Investor Relations. David P. King - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Glenn A. Eisenberg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ed Dodson - Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Robert Willoughby - Bank of America Bill Bonello - Craig-Hallum Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Amanda Murphy - William Blair A.J. Rice - UBS Issac Ro - Goldman Sachs. Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets Glenn Santangelo - Credit Suisse Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Dave Clair - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2014 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. My name is Glenn and I will be your moderator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. And later, we will facilitate a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Mr. Anderson.
Steve Anderson: Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's second quarter 2014 conference call. I am Steve Anderson, Vice President of Investor Relations and with me today are Dave King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Glenn Eisenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. This morning, we will discuss our competitive and strategic environment, highlight progress on our five pillar strategy, discuss our second quarter 2014 financial results, and update 2014 guidance. Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and internet. Please refer to todays press release for replay information. This morning the Company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to todays press release which is available on our website for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during todays call to GAAP. These non-GAAP include, Adjusted EPS, Free Cash Flow and Adjusted Operating income. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results; the implementation of our business strategy; and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change, based upon various factors that could affect the Company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2013 10-K, and will be included in subsequent filings with the SEC. The Company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now, Ill turn the call over to Dave King.
David P. King: Thank you, Steve and good morning. Before Glenn discusses our second quarter results, I would like to provide an overview of the competitive and strategic environment and of the steps LabCorp is taking to drive in that environment. Although the last three years have been difficult, the lab industry is in an enviable position to grow in the years ahead due to population demographics both in the U.S. and abroad, test menu innovation and the critical role of laboratory medicine in the healthcare system. LabCorp is particularly well positioned as our size; scale and platform provide an anchor for our business and give us great penetration into the broader healthcare system. Our lab and PSC infrastructure, logistics network, EMR connectivity, [interfaces] into physician offices and health systems and reach to consumers through our billing and collection system and our patient portals are unparalled among healthcare services companies. Now we must build off this platform to address the needs of a changing market. Given changes in benefit plan and design, reimbursement reductions and pricing pressure sustained utilization may remain lower than historical trends and price above -- across all of healthcare services will likely continue to be under pressure, particularly driven by mix and payment policies. This dynamic creates opportunities for LabCorp because we believe the consolidation will accelerate lower cost settings will be incentivzed and scale will be rewarded. We are seeing this across healthcare services with transactions designed to increase scale, create vertical integration, expand capabilities and leverage existing assets. Along with opportunity we can reasonably expect that interlopers will try to disrupt our business model. To be among the winners, we know that LabCorp must excel in five ways; improve the quality and reduce the cost of care, help manage the total cost of care, serve as a performance management partner to our customers, serve a broad range of customers in multiple settings and build scalable platforms with replicable processes that can create value at many points along the continuum of care. In recent years LabCorp has taken meaningful steps to address these systemic changes through our five pillar strategy. With respect to our first pillar, we have continued to increase our scale and competencies in clinical laboratory medicine through acquisitions ranging from routine capabilities to highly esoteric testing. We have also focused constant attention on building and growing our managed care base leaving us with a managed care portfolio that is unparalled in the industry. These initiatives give us greater opportunity to deliver value in a $60 billion market where we have approximately 10% share. Under our second pillar we have invested significantly in information technology infrastructure and capabilities to improve the customer experience for providers and patients who order and receive testing from us. Relative to the third pillar, we have relentlessly focused on optimizing our operations to maintain our position as the most efficient provider offering the highest quality and greatest value for the healthcare dollar spent. We have also invested heavily in improving every customers experience with LabCorp. We take great pride in our significant and continuing progress in this area which is due to the efforts of our more than 30,000 dedicated people. Under our fourth pillar, we have actively pursued opportunities to bring significant new test to market through licensing and internal development. We are pleased that our partners have repeatedly expressed how impressed they are with LabCorps science, test development capabilities and innovation. As an example of our innovation, our monogram center of excellence in infectious disease recently two NIH grants to study and develop new approaches for HIV detection. With respect to our fifth pillar we have undertaken two internal strategic initiatives to support our customers at critical points, BeaconLBS and EnlightenHealth. Each of these initiatives was built on the premise that we can use our existing infrastructure as a channel to provide more value to our customers. Like other companies that have used their infrastructure to extend their market reach, we want to use our market penetration to offer new and value added services. We undertook BeaconLBS in 2011 because we understood that providers need assistance in selecting the right test for their patients and payers need help in appropriately managing the utilization of expensive diagnostic testing. After extensive market analysis and the enormous amount of hard work, we invented a tool that helps our clients choose the right test at the right time and helps payers thoughtfully address concerns about both unit cost and trend. In the fall of 2014, this innovative model will be implemented in Florida in partnership with United Healthcare. We started EnlightenHealth as an outgrowth of four initiatives, our Litholink clinical decision support program, our care intelligence data analytics program, our patient portal and our clinical trials business. These tools serve different customers from BeaconLBS. To assist physicians, we have developed a data and analytics tools that help them understand their metrics of care delivery and improved compliance with paper performance and population health metrics. To assist physicians and patients we have developed disease specific expertise in kidney stone, chronic kidney disease, cardiovascular disease and coagulation adding more programs every year. We have also developed a web portal to deliver lab results, decision support and additional content to patients. We have greatly expanded the size and capabilities of our clinical trial central lab business to serve physicians and patients by taking advantage of the opportunity created as bio pharmaceutical companies recognize the need to go deep in specific disease dates and create vertical alignment from drug design to identification of unique patient populations that will respond to therapy. We are focused in EnlightenHealth on four key areas of opportunity, personalized genomics, informatics, new channels to capitalize on our competencies in our clinical trials business. We will provide more detail on these opportunities in the coming quarters. This quarter we continued our progress on all of our five pillars, let me mention several key initiatives. Under pillar three the installation of our propelled robot at our major laboratory in Tampa is complete and is now processing all of the facilities volume. We remain on schedule to install Propel in our Dublin Ohio facility at the end of this year. Propel continues to drive expense reductions, increased throughput and accuracy, and enhance specimen management in our Burlington and Tampa labs. We continue to streamline our operations and reduce expenses through facility rationalization. In addition to our new Phoenix campus which consolidated four LabCorp facilities, we recently announced the consolidation of our facility in Monrovia, California into our Santa Fe laboratory and the consolidation of our facility in Mitchell Field New York in to our Connecticut laboratory. We are reengineering our business to provide a better operating platform, sustainable long term savings and a world class customer experience. To that end we remain focused on our enterprise wide cost structure review and we will discuss this initiative in more detail in the coming quarters. Under pillar four, we launched our BRCA next-generation sequencing assay which provides complete gene sequence analysis of BRCA1 and 2 and better equips us to meet the strong demand for this task. In combination with our care coordination pre-authorization service, LabCorp offers an end-to-end program that includes compliance with insurance requirements comprehensive testing and expert interpretation from our licensed directors and team of 123 board-certified genetic counselors and 9 medical geneticists. LabCorp continues to see robust growth in companion diagnostic assays that help physicians guide targeted drug therapy. For example our HCV GenoSure NS3/4A assay is the first commercially available test to provide drug resistance data from new HCV antivirus. With respect to the drug simeprevir, the assay is required prior to its use as the test for the Q80K polymorphism that impacts the efficacy of the drug. We have positioned LabCorp to grow to the era of healthcare reform. The time into which quality, efficiency, scale and a central role in improving care delivery and patient outcomes will be key measures of success. Our five pillar strategy will enable us to excel in all of these areas generating shareholder value for years to come. We are very pleased to have Glenn Eisenberg, our new Chief Financial Officer in place. Glenn is going to be a terrific contributor to our executive team and our company, and now I will turn the call over to him to review our financial results.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Thank you, Dave. Sales for the quarter were $1.5 billion, an increase of 3.3% over last year. The increase in sales was the result of test volume measured by requisitions and fold-in acquisitions which was partially offset by test and payer mix. Total test volume increased 5.3% over the last year with approximately 3% coming from organic growth. Revenue per requisition decreased 2% but was up slightly versus the first quarter of 2014. Similarly managed care revenue per requisition was also up sequentially. Gross profit for the quarter was $569 million or 37.5% of sales. This compares to gross profit of $577 million or 39.3% last year. The decline in gross profit was due to unfavorable test and payer mix and cost inflation, partially offset by higher volume and productivity. SG&A for the quarter was $298 million or 19.6% of sales compared to $281 million or 19.1% last year. The increase in SG&A resulted primarily from an increase in the bad debt reserve consulting fees and merit increases. The increase in bad debt reflects the increased patient responsibilities for the cost of healthcare services due to higher deductibles and co-insurance. For the remainder of the year, we expect the bad debt rate to be back to approximately 4.5%. Consulting fees were incurred as part of the companys enterprise wide cost structure review that Dave mentioned earlier. During the quarter, the company had $7 million of restructuring in special items which was comparable to last year. The break out of this years amount has $2 million in restructuring and other special charges and approximately $5 million in SG&A. Excluding these items, operating income was $253 million or 16.7% of sales, compared to $276 or 18.8% last year. The Company also sold its remaining shares in an investment realizing an approximate $9 million gain in the quarter that was reported in other income. Interest expense for the quarter was $26 million compared to $23 million last year; the increase was driven by higher debt balances as a result of the companys debt financings in the fourth quarter of last year, partially offset by the benefit of the company utilizing fixed to floating interest rate swaps on a portion of its debt. The tax rate for the quarter was 39.1% unchanged from last year. As a result, net earnings for the quarter were $141 million or $1.64 per diluted share. This compares to $152 million or $1.62 per diluted share last year. The increase in EPS over last year benefited from the $0.06 per share gain on the sale of an investment as well as the companys share repurchase program. Adjusted earnings per share which excludes amortization, restructuring and special items was $1.84 in the second quarter compared to $1.80 a year ago. The company continued to generate strong cash flow. During the quarter, operating cash flow was $207 million compared to $138 million last year as the company benefited from improved working capital including a one day improvement in DSO to 49 days. Capital expenditures totaled $48 million in the quarter which was essentially unchanged from last year. As a result, free cash flow or operating cash flow after capital expenditures was $159 million compared to $89 million last year. During the second quarter, the company repurchased $56 million of its stock bringing its year-to-date share repurchases to $163 million. The company ended the quarter with approximately $890 million remaining under its board authorized share repurchase program. Liquidity at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.5 billion comprised of $480 million in cash and $1 billion of availability under our revolving credit facility. The companys guidance for 2014 is for sales growth of approximately 2% given our performance in the second quarter and outlook for the year we have increased our 2014 adjusted EPS guidance to $6.50 to $6.75. Operating cash flow was targeted at $780 million to $820 million while capital expenditures are projected to be $185 million to $205 million. As a result, free cash flow is projected at $575 million to $635 million. This ends the companys formal remarks and well be now happy to answer any questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby, Bank of America. Please proceed.
Robert Willoughby - Bank of America:  Good morning. Glenn, with the inclusion of the full financial statements of the quarterly results for the first time since we started asking for them in 1996 you are already my favorite LabCorp CFO so congratulations there. Can you build on that momentum and actually speak  do you know what an organic volume number or growth number was in the quarter or is that were still not able to break that out?
Glenn A. Eisenberg:  Well the good news is that one, appreciate your comments. We did break that out actually in our comments if you will. As you know the volume for the company year-over-year was up over 5% and we said around 3% of that was organic and the other 2% were from acquisitions that had been done and were timing related. So the company is continuing to see some very good organic topline growth.
Robert Willoughby - Bank of America: Excellent so I missed that. And yeah Dave, weve [asked] some prior calls you know your portfolio of investments there are there any more good guys in there and it didnt sound like there was a tremendous amount of opportunities left but this was obviously a good one, I guess its a continuation of a prior investment here divesting the last, but are there likely -- are we likely to see more investment gains this year or is it  are we pretty much done for the year there?
David P. King:  Bob, we never know the exact timing of our investments. You are correct that the gain recorded in this quarter was the balance of what you saw in the first quarter, the disposition of that asset. We do have some other good guys in the portfolio, they are not at present as big a good guy as this particular investment and again, we dont  we dont have a good sense of the timing of how these  the investments will liquidate.
Robert Willoughby - Bank of America: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello, Craig-Hallum. Please proceed.
Bill Bonello - Craig-Hallum:  Hey good morning, thanks a lot. So just a couple of questions, I guess the first one is just trying to get a handle on how you guys are thinking about profitability. I mean you had the $48 million growth in revenue with the $22 million decline in operating income not much color at this point on your re-engineering efforts, just what sort of your commitment to returning the operating growth, can you not grow operating income with you know 3% plus revenue growth you know are these re-engineering efforts necessary just to pull the line, how should we think about this?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Let me Bill, take the first part of it. To your point obviously its disappointing to see your topline growing but at the expense of our earnings. We talked about the pricing pressure if you will thats essentially the mix between our test and payers that as we now get through, call it the first half of this year maybe a little bit into the second half youll start to see the year-over-year comps now start to level off, so effectively that our operating margins should effectively be leveling off. Going forward especially were taking up some of the unusual items as we continue to see the good topline growth we would expect to leverage our cost structure better, so if we can hold call it the price mix relatively flat for comparable periods, additional volume we should be able to get the leverage from. I think the recognition that the company is looking at this overall call it cost structure review really speaks to the fact that we know there are pressures, we know there is mix pressures, payer pressures that Dave eluded to in his opening remarks and as a result we believe that given this company we should be able to as any company continue to improve our cost structure improve the way we do our business and that should either help mitigate the pressures that we are seeing or hopefully help improve our operating margins going forward.
David P. King: Yeah Bill, its Dave. I would just add that the challenge here is test and payer mix and payer payment policies, so we see very strong volume growth at the same time we know with MoPath for example that some of that volume is just not getting paid for. So that has a negative impact on price, negative impact on margin, I mean it goes up and down the P&L or infact you could even argue that it has a negative impact on expenses because we are performing molecular testing and not getting paid for, so we are -- theres a double whammy effect. So I agree with Glenn, I think between a combination of continuing to have strong topline growth, looking at the expense side of the ledger and also either resolving through getting paid or resolving through testing process you know the process of not doing testing that we are not going to get paid for. We do have opportunity and weve said, we are strongly commitment to operating income growth in 2015 and we continue to believe that we can accomplish that.
Bill Bonello - Craig-Hallum: Okay, thats helpful. And then just a second follow question, in your prepared remarks Dave you noted interlopers trying to disrupt the business model and lately there has been a lot of press about [indiscernible] a potentially disruptive force in the lab industry, yesterday there was someone even saying you ought to assure the big lab starts because of it. Can you give us your thoughts on sort of that assessment not the shorting but that  will disruptive to the lab industry and if so how at all you might be responding to that threat?
David P. King: Yeah, Bill. Im not going to comment on any specific competitors in anyway. I dont think thats an appropriate thing for me to do. We are always interested in and evaluating potential innovation opportunities for our business. As everybody knows, point of care testing has been extremely challenging over the years from the perspective of the sensitivity and specificity of the testing, the reproducibility of the testing, how the results are delivered particularly in a more electronic era having a test drifted that prints out of an instrument that is not going to be helpful to physicians. And so we continue to evaluate every potential opportunity for changing the model, thats what reengineering, the business is about. I would simply say that if there is going to be any kind of a successful point of care testing model with our 1,700 patient service centers, with our in office for [botanists] with our electronic interfaces into physician and hospital systems to provide results seamlessly into electronic health records. Were going to be extremely well-positioned to capitalize on whatever developments occur in that frame work. So again, Im not going to talk specifically about any one thing or another. A lot of people are working on innovation. Its great, thats part of what our venture fund is designed to do is to invest in those innovations and see how they play out. But we welcome innovation and I think it provides LabCorp with great opportunity over time.
Bill Bonello - Craig-Hallum: All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman, Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe if you could just update us on the some of the payment issues that you mentioned on the molecular pathology front and some of the resolution and where you are on the states and then few comments about at some point youve made these comments in the past that you reached a decision of maybe not doing the test kind of where are you with all that?
David P. King: Gary, its Dave. I think were seeing recognition by payers that they need to address this situation and we have recovered some of the outstanding balances of some states particularly some state Medicaid programs and weve not made progress with others. So, it continues to be a mixed bag. Specifically with TRICARE on June 18, DHA indicated that they were initiating a three-year demonstration program to pay for some molecular testing that they had stopped paying for in 2013, including extended coverage for prenatal and preconception, cystic fibrosis, carrier screening. The complete list of test has not been published. And so, I cant give you any further clarity there. But we are encouraged that TRICARE has recognized that they have a responsibility to their patients and to the physicians who serve those patients to cover that molecular testing. In terms non-performing the testing, obviously thats a complex decision and what I would point to there is, the idea behind BeaconLBS is just to let the physicians know at the point of service, the testing is not going to be covered or is not going to be paid for and to let the labs know at the point of service that testing is not going to be covered or paid for. So, we actually have a tool that will allow payers to implement these policies in appropriate way at the front end as opposed to the lab performing the service and then simply getting a denial and not being paid at the backend. So, there are lot of ideas in-flight as to how we can execute on this, but we remain very much committed to resolving MoPath either consensually with the payers and if not then by explaining to the physician community that we cant continue to do significant amounts of high value testing that were not going to be paid for.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: Any better visibility into the timing of resolving that is it likely this year or we have to wait longer for that?
David P. King: I think it just going to be a long process. Weve recovered money against some of what we were not paid last year. We started getting paid by some payers that were not paying us last year. But weve not seen any material overall improvement in the landscape, and so we continue to work hard to try to accomplish that improvement.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: Is there any dollar amount that youve kept track of what you have not gotten paid for or what you have not accrued that you would have otherwise accrued if there hadnt been these issues?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yeah, the only thing that weve said was that the run rate last year was approximately $52 million in uncollected MoPath payments and to repeat what I said previously, we havent seen any material improvement in that situation.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good morning everybody. Welcome Glenn. I wanted to just follow on actually to the molecular pathology denial question. So I guess, just as it relates to the TRICARE announcement itself, is it fair to say that you are waiting for them to publish their list, so you have certainty around what youll be able to build and collect is that were now waiting for. So its the first question on TRICARE? And then the other part of it is, when we think about the $52 million, Dave, was TRICARE a material part of that?
David P. King: Darren, with respect to the list, yes, we do know that they have agreed to cover cystic fibrosis, which was probably the single largest test that was not being covered. And we dont know what the other tests on that list will be and we are waiting to determine that. In terms of whether they were a material part of the $52 million? They were a significant part of the $52 million. And so, were optimistic that as payment policies are put in place that that will improve on a prospective basis. I dont think weve resolved the question with them, the question of what theyre going to do with respect to the payments that were not made from January of 2013 to April 2014.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. But I thought there it was reported in the press more than anything, but I thought they had made the decision to go back to Jan 1, 2013, so is that not your interpretation?
David P. King: I think if they have made that decision, were still waiting to see the full impact of it.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Got it, okay. So we -- do you think well some resolution to all this related to TRICARE in Q3, is that a reasonable expectation?
David P. King: I would hope so, I mean, they have encourage -- they have said that they are working on the list and through ACLA and directly obviously weve been we have been encouraging them to provide the list as soon as possible so that we and the other laboratories in the industry can take appropriate steps to make sure that were going to get paid for the services.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks for clarifying that. I guess the one other question I had for you is with regard to revenue diversification. And I guess weve noted in your proxy that the incentive comp programs are putting higher weight on diversification. I guess the question here is what qualifies as a diversified revenue source for you guys and can you just talk a little bit about the types of things we should be thinking about in that context?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Sure. Theres a long list of things that could qualify as -- in my view as revenue diversification. Starting with share gain from hospital laboratories, which is an area in which we have a significant amount of revenue, but as everybody knows, theres a lot of revenue going through hospital labs that from an economic perspective could be served at lower cost and at very -- in my opinion at higher quality by going through independent laboratory. So thats one area. Our clinical trials central lab business is an important business for us. Its a business thats grown significantly over time. It doesnt -- we dont get paid there by managed care or by the government. We get paid by different parties and so that certainly is a revenue diversification opportunity. More direction interaction with consumers is a revenue diversification opportunity. International is a revenue diversification opportunity. The BeaconLBS and the EnlightenHealth platforms are revenue diversification opportunities, because within each of those there are ways of generating revenue that are not going to be subject to either direct payment from managed care or direct payment from the government. So as we think about revenue diversification Darren, I would not characterize it as, and I want to be clear that, we dont characterize it as were going to go do something that is vastly outside the scope of our core competencies. I think if revenue diversification of how can we take those core competencies and how can we generate revenue from different payer sets, from the payer sets that are generating the bulk of our revenue today. And if we can do that, we can use our core capabilities, but we can generate different streams of revenue that overtime will allow us to offset some of the pressures that youre seeing in the business today.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Got it, thats helpful. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Lisa Gill, JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Thanks very much, and good morning. Dave, I was wondering if you could talk about anything specific to ACA volumes in the quarter and kind of your expectations as we move throughout the year.
David P. King: Good morning, Lisa. I think we -- I said at the end of last year and in the beginning of this year, that we felt that ACA would probably be a net neutral to us. I think from a volume perspective, its hard to argue that were not getting the benefit. I think, we are getting a volume benefit from ACA just because if you look at the enrollment numbers in Medicaid and managed Medicaid, in private exchanges, the data clearly suggest that enrollment is up, uninsured, the number of uninsured patients coming to see us is down. So I think we are getting a volume benefit obviously from a pricing perspective, one of the consequences of the ACA is, you are seeing very rapid growth in the Medicaid population, youre seeing very rapid growth in the managed Medicaid population that has an impact on price, not so much from a unit price perspective, but from a mix perspective and also from a payment policy perspective. So particularly managed Medicaid payment policies tend to be very restrictive for molecular and high value testing and thats part of why youre seeing the pressure on price. So net-net clearly in my mind ACA is a benefit to our volume growth and it has been somewhat of a weight on price.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: And then just going back to your earlier comments talking about disruptors, talking about your potential shares in the hospital market, can you maybe just give us some indication as to what you think would be the key drivers for example, on the hospital market finally getting that business out of the hospital lab. Is it as hospitals take more risk and a CEO type relationships? Is it managed care driving that? And over what time frame do you think that you can really show meaningful market share movement?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Well, as you know, this has been the biggest opportunity for independent labs, pretty much for the history of the industry and I think it remains the biggest opportunity. Its certainly going to be -- market share moves slowly. I do think that hospitals are re-looking at all of their ancillary services and youre seeing in a number of areas, ambulatory surgery, wound care, youre seeing hospitals forming partnership with other companies to provide those services in a lower cost and less acute side of care. And I think, well see that over time with the hospital labs, but again, it takes times, these are complex transactions and we just have to be aggressive and patient.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy, William Blair. Please proceed.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair: Hey thanks. I just had a question on the legislation that just came out around future Medicare reimbursement. You know there was obviously a meeting earlier and there was a lot of different discussion around sort of how CMS should look the last date in terms of collecting data and who should be involved in that. So Im curious just how are you guys thinking about the puts and takes there? And then, sort of how LabCorp physicians, if you think about Medicare reimbursement 2017 and on?
David P. King: Well, so the legislation requires CMS to engage in a rule making and my understanding is the first rulemaking is about how theyre going to conduct the market surveys and that rule is due to be published at some point next year. Then the market surveys will be conducted in 2016 basically and towards the end of 2016 therell be a Clinical Lab Fee Schedule rule in which they will propose subject to notice on comment that the changes to the fee schedule. So from my perspective, the rule that determines how theyre going to define market is going to be very important. And ACLA and LabCorp and all lab constituencies I think its fair to say are very much engaged with CMS and trying to create a survey that would be fair, but they will accurately represent the market for laboratory testing. Then once the surveys are done and completed, CMS will have the opportunity not kind of the way that the fee schedule has been addressed before which was with the blood instrument of across the board cuts, but CMS will have the opportunity to on a CPT code, by CPT code basis address individual testing that they want to adjust valuations. And I would say that, Im sure CMSs view is that there are some tests on the Clinical Lab Fee Schedule that are -- that should be reduced in price. And the industry feels very strongly that there are lot of tests on the Clinical Lab Fee Schedule particularly complex molecular testing, lot of CPTs that need to increased in price because they dont reflect what the commercial market pays. So, its very hard to predict what will happen in 2017, but I think its -- I think, again its fundamental to highlight that the agreement between the laboratory industry and Congress was that these surveys were to consider the entire marketplace, Senator O. Hatch specifically stated during passage that the intent of the bill was to ensure that Medicaid rate reflect true market rates and that all commercial payment rates to all sectors of the lab market should be represented including independent laboratories and hospital outreach laboratories. So we expect that the industry in CMS will work together to faithfully execute the intension to bring laboratory, Clinical Lab Fee Schedule pricing to market price and we think that that ultimately will lead us to a fair outcome.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair: Got it, thats helpful. And then, just a follow up on some of the discussions around mix, obviously youve launched some new genetic tests and have maybe an increased focus there with BRCA and some of the cancer panels. At what point or is there a point in your mind where mix could eventually become a positive for you to the extent that those testing start to contribute some real growth to volumes?
David P. King: Yeah. I think if you look historically up until probably even 2012 mix was always a positive for us. I mean, you look at the innovations in testing cystic fibrosis, vitamin D, micro arrays, prenatal genetic screening and mix is -- we could pretty much count on about a percent or percent and a half of mix improvement which was reflected in price over the years. Its been in the last couple of years that mix has turned and again there is two parts of mix, there is test mix so what tests are we performing in getting paid for and then there is payer mix, so who is the ultimate entity thats paying for the services. Test mix has been heavily influenced by the growth in toxicology as we said on a number of occasions, and has also been reflected in price by the fact that we are not getting paid for the molecular pathology testing which is at a higher price point. Payer mix is affected by the move from uninsured to the exchanges where people are moving into high deductible plans and its also affected by the move from uninsured to managed Medicaid or from commercial -- from fee for service Medicaid to managed Medicaid and even from commercial into managed Medicaid. So all of those things have been what youve seen in the -- and whats reported as the weight on price particularly in the last couple of quarters. Obviously tests like BRCA and the cancer panels and the ACD testing that I referenced in the prepared remarks, all of these things are  have the potential to be a positive impacts on mix and BRCA has a very strong potential to be a positive impact on mix. So we  as Glenn said earlier, we expect that we will see the leveling off of the price decline and we will start to see improvement in the mix driven price.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair: Okay. And sorry if you said this, but in terms of the MoPath and guidance, are you just assuming then that its just status quo with MoPath payments for 2014?
David P. King: Yes, we are.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair: Okay. Thank you guys.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS. Please proceed.
A.J. Rice - UBS: Thanks, hi everybody. First of all just let me try to make sure I understand. When we are talking about the cost structure review, I know at one point I guess that was a sense that maybe you guys would have a sort of significant announcement where you talk about a restructuring, I guess you mentioned a couple of things and your prepared that are sort of ongoing cost restructure. Are you still thinking that at some point of time you are going to lay out a grand or a cost restructured program or is it going to be sort of incremental from here?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: A.J. this is Glenn. We are currently in the process of looking at all the opportunities in the company to streamline to potentially restructure where we feel we can be more efficient and take out cost, so what we are looking at is a fairly comprehensive program. So at the appropriate time we would expect that we would announce this comprehensive program so which would be all the cost that would incur to achieve it as well as what we believe the long term benefit of the program is. Its just premature to talk about it currently as we are continuing to go through the work ourselves.
A.J. Rice - UBS: Okay. And then on with you coming on board Glenn, the capital deployment thinking regard to capital deployment I know on the share repurchase front, it looks like there was a moderation in the current quarter in the pace of buybacks, are you taking a review of capital deployment strategies as well and is that whats going on and maybe tie that end to relative priorities for capital deployment going forward.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yeah obviously one of the attractive nuances of this company as we intend to generate a fairly significant free cash flow, so obviously we have to use that capital wisely and there are a lot of opportunities to do it. Historically, the company is used a fairly balanced approach of acquisitions as well as share repurchases utilizing our balance sheet we are currently in that call it 2.5 times that the EBITDA targeted range, albeit that will fluctuate a bit. So wouldnt get to focus necessarily on what we are doing quarter-to-quarter. In particular, again the second quarter was probably a little bit later once you have repurchased that historically, but well continue to evaluate where we can put it, again acquisitions and buybacks being the two principle modes outside of just organic needs and so overtime youll continue to see us redeploy it where we feel well get the best return for the share holders.
A.J. Rice - UBS: And your thoughts on the current status you leverage the 2.5 times, is that your sort of comfort zone or do you think you could take on more, I know theres been some talk about taking that off.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes that effectively the 2.5 is just one metric that we would look at. Its really more of the philosophy of the company that we want to maintain an investment grade balance sheet. So 2.5% times is roughly that proxy. Having said that, we have additional liquidity, we are able to go higher than that, we believe and still maintain investment grade with the understanding that going forward we would use the free cash flow and continue to bring it back down to that level. So as an example, should there be an acquisition or a larger buyback that ultimately would take us higher than that level with a commitment that will use the future cash flows to bring it back down. So its you know a proxy for us, it gives us some flexibility, but we do think that its utilizing the balance sheet well and redeploying capital in appropriate fashion.
A.J. Rice - UBS: Okay, alright thanks a lot.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Issac Ro, Goldman Sachs. Please proceed
Issac Ro - Goldman Sachs: Yeah good morning guys, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to spend a minute on bad debt the comments you made there is I think about the sort of the year-on-year comp into the middle part of the year. You know fewer uninsured people in the system, those people obviously tend to drive the majority of your bad debt, so theoretically that should improve. But is sounds like on a year-over-year basis atleast in 3Q you are expecting bad debt to go up, so Ill be just curious if you could talk a little bit about how the rise of ACA coverage is impacting bad debt relative to your expectation.
David P. King: Issac, its Dave. First of all what we said in the prepared remarks is that in 3Q and 4Q we expect bad debt to go back down to 4.5. So we are not expecting bad debt to go up. Second, part of the impact of transition of patients from uninsured or from their prior insurance into exchanges is that although there are premiums set to these in the exchanges, there is very limited deductible subsidies, so you actually have people transitioning in the plans, where although they are getting premium subsidies the average deductible that is before the patient gets $1 of payment in a silver level plan is about $3000. So there is more dollars out to patients as these high deductible plans take effect and in the first and second quarters of the year before patients get through the deductibles you see more dollars of responsibility going out to patients, thats why we topped off the bad debt rate in this quarter. But overtime as Glenn said in his prepared remarks, we expect bad debt to go back to the 4.5% for the balance of this year and to decline with the overall impact of ACA with more patients gaining coverage.
Issac Ro - Goldman Sachs: Got it. I was looking at the bad debt year-on-year but in sequential terms the comment there makes sense, thanks. And then just second on testing categories, I was just wondering if you call out any areas of unusual strength or weakness in 2Q with regards to mix and then how your expectations there maybe shape up for the back half, just trying to make sure I understand any specific dynamics around testing mix that could factor into your margins?
David P. King: Well we had strong growth in core testing, obviously on a year-over-year basis we had strong growth in BRCA, in our new swab testing, in our Hepatitis-C, both the screening and the reflex testing. So theres good solid mix of growth in both the core business and in HSR testing. And then, we did continue to have strong growth in the toxicology pay management and drugs of abuse area as well.
Issac Ro - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan, RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. You just mentioned your commentary about the bad debt outlook in the second half of the year. I was hoping you could just hit on other items that are implied in your updated guidance, what you think for both volume and pricing and do you expect to see any investment gains in the balance of the year is that contemplated in your guidance?
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Frank, this is Glenn let me take a cut of that first with the latter part of the question. No investment gains are forecasted in the second half and obviously to the extent that we would have any, we will break that up for you. As you think its more broadly about the implied guidance for the second half, we are looking at relatively comparable topline growth in the company, so in order to hit kind of that 2% rate, we are going to go close to 3% kind of growth at the topline through the second half of the year and thats obviously seasonality as you look first half to the second half like fourth quarter historically up a low quarter for the company. Similarly we expect from a profitability to be comparable, so again this goes back to the comments that Dave and I mentioned that were kind of leveling off plus or minus on the operating margins with where we are. The big positive though is that the spike kind of second half, first half being comparable we expect to see very improved free cash flow in the business which again it tends to be more seasonal for us as well as we tend to generate cash from working capital in the second half of the year versus the first half, but nothing frankly unusual that we would expect to see in the second half other than against continued topline growth trying to leverage that realizing that we still have some of the headwins from the test and payer mix issue.
David P. King: And Frank its Dave. Just again agree with everything Glenn said, excluded from the guidance is any share repurchase after June 30, any benefit from the enterprise re-engineering that we mentioned and any improvement in the MoPath position, those are all not included.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets: And acquisitions or will acquisitions be included?
David P. King: Theres no significant acquisition that is contemplated in the guidance. As you know we do tuck in acquisitions and we do them regularly and so we might do some of those and that would effect where we come out in the range, but there is no material acquisition contemplated.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets: I got you. One more and Ill hop. Just how do you see the margin profile playing out on these new areas with Beacon and Enlighten and what kind of margin profile will that business have and then how long do you think it will be before we really have some impact? Thanks.
David P. King: I think its early to say what the margin profiles would be for those businesses and we know for example we know what the margin is for the clinical trials business but other parts of  health that were developing it. You know, we have some expectations but I dont think we have and then we are prepared to say. Beacon, we need to get it up in working and then well be able to talk more about the margin profile overtime. So I think it will be premature to make any estimates there.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks.
David P. King: Weve got about five minutes before the hour and so well have time to take a couple more questions. Id encourage you please not to repeat questions that have already been asked and answered.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Glenn Santangelo with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Glenn Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Oh yeah thanks Dave. I apologize in advance, but I do want to follow up on this revenue per requisition you know in the current quarter you are clearly only down 2% which is a little bit better than the 3.3% in the first quarter. So Im wondering if you could dimensionalize a little bit exactly. I think you gave us some of the payer mix changes that may be weighing on that pricing component. Could you give us and if you can give some color on test mix, but as I sort of dimensionalize that 2% could you split it out between whats payer mix and whats test mix?
David P. King: Glenn, we dont split out the payer mix and test mix. We havent historically and I dont think it will be a good practice to start, so we are still resting on our laurels from probably will be in  in putting the full financial statements and thats as far as well go.
Glenn Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then maybe Ill just ask a second quick question. I think in your prepared remarks you suggested that you are not willing to go vastly outside of the scope of your core competency but you did sort of mention from a strategic perspective that international maybe something that could be interesting to you, are there any sort of markets that you sort of keeping an eye on that, that could be interesting for LabCorp?
David P. King: I think that the most interesting markets and we outlined this a little bit in our investor presentation. The most interesting markets are going to be markets where there is growing attention to provision of healthcare in the middle care, there is growing private wells, there is infrastructure to support the kind of business that we run, so roads, airports, transportation infrastructure and there is recognition of the importance of diagnostics. And I think largely those are going to be what I would characterize as developing markets, but higher end developing markets as opposed to mature markets.
Glenn Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Unidentified Participant:  Hey good morning, thanks this is [Zach] for Ricky. I just wanted to check on market growth versus your organic growth and I think in the first quarter your organic was 2.5% this quarter 3%, so do you imply that its [gaining] share or that the market is growing faster?
David P. King: [Zach]  its Dave. You know these numbers were always subject to interpretation. I think from the perspective of looking at our business and looking at the markets around us, and looking at what I think is a really excellent job of execution that we are doing at the operational level. I think its hard to look at these numbers and say that share gain is not a big component of how we are growing. So we are pleased about that and obviously our goal is to continue it.
Unidentified Participant: Okay, thanks. And a quick one just on the tuck ins, is it fair to assume that those are dilutive to price per requisitions to their negative mix impact?
David P. King: No I dont think thats fair to assume
Unidentified Participant: Okay, thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of David Clair with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Dave Clair - Piper Jaffray: Hi, good morning everybody thanks for taking my questions. So I was just hoping you could give us any metrics, the type of cost savings you are seeing after installing Propel in the lab? And how big of an opportunity is this as you kind of roll that out?
David P. King:  In terms of metrics, the only metric I would give you is that we see completion times, significantly improve so when we are getting the results out to the physicians we see reagent cost being reduced as a result of less retesting and more accurate placement of the specimens on the instruments and we do see a reduction in labor cost just because we have automated the front end. We havent specifically spoken to and dont intend to specifically speak to you know the exact impact of any given initiative like this. As we say were always looking at the cost structure or comprehensively reviewing the opportunities to re-engineer Propel as a perfect example of how we would not re-engineer the front end to make it work better and thats all we are going to do with the rest of the company as well.
Dave Clair - Piper Jaffray: Okay and what are your plans to roll out enlightenment and kind of beyond the initial launch here?
David P. King:  I think the answer to that is stay tuned, because well roll out specific, I mean some of those components like the care intelligence platform, the decision support platforms and the clinical trials business are already out and the question is our ability to grow them. Some of the components like the genetic and genomic focus and they are applying our competencies to new areas, well continue to evolve overtime and well talk about them as we get them up in running.
Dave Clair - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  At this time we have no further questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dave King for his closing remarks.
David P. King: Thank you all very much for listening this morning. I like to again reiterate what I said in the prepared comments, which is, we have positioned LabCorp to grow and thrive in this area of healthcare reform. We are confident that quality, efficiency, scale and the role that we are playing in improving fair delivery and patient outcomes through our core business through our specialized testing, through BeaconLBS and through EnglightenHealth will be key measure of success overtime. And we are excited about the opportunities ahead in our ability to excel and in generating shareholder value in the years to come. Thank you and good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great weekend.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  David King  Chairman, President and CEO Steve Anderson  VP, IR Brad Hayes  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Robert Willoughby  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bill Bonello  Craig-Hallum David Clair  Piper Jaffray Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank Gary Taylor  Citi Ryan Halsted  Wells Fargo Amanda Murphy  William Blair AJ Rice  UBS Lisa Gill  JPMorgan Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley Glen Santangelo  Credit Suisse Michael Cherny  ISI Group Bryan Brokmeier  Maxim Group Whit Mayo  Robert Baird 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2014 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. My name is Glenn, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will facilitate a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. David King. Please proceed, sir.
David King: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorps First Quarter 2014 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our first quarter 2014 financial results, update 2014 guidance, highlight our progress on our five-pillar strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. Id now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson who has a few comments before we begin.
Steve Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and internet. Please refer to todays press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to todays press release, which is available on our website, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during todays call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS excluding amortization, free cash flow and adjusted operating income. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect the companys financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2013 10-K and will be included in subsequent filings with the SEC. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
Brad Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On todays call, I will review 4 key measures of our financial performance: Cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. Ill also update our 2014 guidance. First, cash flow. Our cash flow continues to be solid. Operating cash flow for the quarter ended March 31, 2014, was $142.3 million. We estimate that weather had a negative impact on operating income and a corresponding impact on cash flow of $32 million. DSO at the end of March was 52 days, which was up 3 days sequentially and up 2 days year-over-year. We continue to experience claims being subject to higher deductibles and co-insurance. Accordingly, we raised bad debt by 25 basis points in the quarter and continued to focus on initiatives to improve patient collections. Second, revenue growth. Revenue decreased 0.7% year-over-year in the first quarter. Excluding the impact of weather, revenue would have grown approximately 2% compared to last year. During the quarter, total company volume increased 2.6% excluding the impact of weather, volume growth would have been approximately 5% and organic volume would have increased approximately 2.5% year-over-year. Revenue per acquisition decreased 3.3% year-over-year primarily accounted for by Medicare payment reductions, text mix and the Canadian business. It is important to note that managed care revenue per acquisition was flat sequentially. Third, margin. For the first quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 14.7% compared to 18.7% in the first quarter of 2013. During the first quarter, weather reduced the companys margins by approximately 180 basis points. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well-capitalized. At the end of March, we had cash of $338.9 million and no borrowings outstanding under our $1 billion credit facility. During the first quarter, we repurchased $106.2 million of stock, representing 1.1 million shares. At the end of March, approximately $946.3 million of repurchased authorization remained under our share repurchase program. Our share repurchase activity during the first quarter reflects our continued disciplined capital allocation program and commitment to return capital to our shareholders. Despite losing $42 million of revenue and $0.22 of earnings to weather in the first quarter, we raised our 2014 earnings guidance. Our updated guidance is for revenue growth of approximately 2%. Adjusted EPS excluding amortization of $6.40 to $6.70. Operating cash flow of approximately $780 million to $820 million, and capital expenditures of approximately $185 million to $205 million. The guidance excludes the impact of any share repurchase activity after March 31, 2014. Ill now turn the call over to Dave.
David King: Thank you, Brad. We are pleased with our first quarter results. During the quarter, we delivered volume growth of 2.6% excluding the impact of weather, volume growth would have been 5% and organic volume would have increased approximately 2.5% year-over-year. We continue to execute well on our key growth initiatives. Although our revenue per requisition was down 3.3% year-over-year, managed care revenue per requisition was flat sequentially. During the first quarter, inclement weather negatively impacted revenue by an estimated $42 million and EPS by approximately $0.22, yet we raised our full-year 2014 earnings guidance. In addition to our continued development of Beacon LBS, we significantly expanded the fifth pillar of our strategy by introducing Enlightened Health during the first quarter. I would now like to update our progress on each aspect of our five-pillar strategy. The first pillar of our strategy is that we deploy capital to investments to enhance our business and return capital to shareholders. We repurchased $106.2 million of stock during the first quarter, representing 1.1 million shares. Our share repurchase brings us almost to our stated target leverage ratio of 2.5 times debt to EBITDA and demonstrates our continued commitments to return capitals to shareholders. Our acquisition pipeline remains robust and acquisition should continue to provide an attractive way to expand our test menu and geographic footprint for several years. We will maintain a disciplined approach to valuation as we seek optimal strategic opportunities. The second pillar of our strategy is to enhance our IT capabilities to improve the physician and patient experience. We continue to see strong customer adoption of our Enlightened Healthcare Intelligence platform for managing practice and population health data. This platform helps clients unify the multiple components of population health management, providing primary care physicians with complete access to their patients healthcare picture, rules for monitoring gaps and care and reporting that addresses more than 600 quality measures. Enlightened Healthcare Intelligence, helps providers reduce expenses, improve outcomes and enhance patient satisfaction. The robust rules engine is highly customizable and provides compliance with meaningful used requirements as well as ACO, Jaco and PQRS reporting requirements. These industry leading data driven services position LabCorp as a trusted partner to healthcare stakeholders, providing knowledge to optimize decision making, improve health outcomes and reduce treatment costs. We continue to improve tools that assist physicians and patients in understanding test results and optimizing decision making. Were pleased with the recent HHS ruling which provides access to lab results for all patients. Our patient portal, which has over 475,000 patient registrations and is growing daily is well positioned to support this need. And we can also deliver results directly to physician and health system portals where patients can conveniently review them. Looking ahead, we will focus on providing additional content to our patient portal to further assist patients in understanding their lab testing results and needs. We will assist our customers in analyzing their population health and clinical practice data with new tools for hospitals, physician practices and ACOs, supplemented with insights derived from our extensive patient database. We are working with clients to use our data to benchmark ordering patterns and to determine preclinical markers in specific diseases. Insight gains from these efforts help payers and physicians better manage healthcare expenses and optimize patient outcomes. The third pillar of our strategy is to continue to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services. We are in the assessment stage of our comprehensive enterprise-wide cost structure review. It is too early for us to estimate the magnitude of opportunities to further streamline our operations and reduce costs. We will provide additional color on these initiatives on our second quarter earnings call in July. The second installation of our propelled robot is live at our major laboratory in Tampa, and is now processing approximately one third of the facilitys volume. We intend to begin the next installation of Propel in our Dublin Ohio facility early next year. Propel continues to drive expense reduction, increase throughput and accuracy and enhance specimen management at our Burlington lab. We continue to consolidate facilities into our new Phoenix campus, and were now processing more than 23,000 specimens per day at this state of the art facility. As part of our cost structure assessment, we will evaluate our potential to consolidate additional facilities. The fourth pillar of our strategy is to continue scientific innovation at reasonable and appropriate pricing. We introduced new tests and collaborate with leading companies and academic institutions to provide our physicians and patients with the most scientifically advanced testing in our industry. We recently announced the availability of Thermo Scientific ImmunoCAP allergy testing products from Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Allergies effect approximately 60 million individuals in the United States annually and this population is growing. The results of a well documented relationship between allergies and asthma. LabCorp offers an extensive test menu to assist medical practitioners in determining whether patients system support or rule out and allergy diagnosis, thereby suggesting other etiologies. We continue to see strong growth across our suite of BRCA test for the assessment of breast cancer risk. Our BRCA testing menu includes a comprehensive panel of BRCA one and two, complete gene sequence analysis and deletion duplication testing, targeted analysis test for other family members once a mutation is identified and a panel for mutations prevalent among the Ashkenazi Jewish decent. In combination with our care coordination pre-authorization service, LabCorp offers an end-to-end program that includes compliance with insurance requirements, comprehensive testing and expert interpretation from our license directors from our license directors and a team of 123 Board-certified genetic counselors and 9 medical geneticists. In addition to our next-generation sequencing offerings for Familial cardiac diseases and the preclinical and clinical development of new HIB and HTB antiviral drugs, we recently announced the launching of our first multi-gene oncology panel primarily for solid tumors on the NGS platform. Over the next several quarters, we will continue to expand our NGS offerings. To support this growth in the next-generation sequencing opportunities, we recently acquired the former Provance Genomics lab in Seattle, Washington. The capabilities of this leading next-generation sequencing laboratory include whole genome and whole exome sequencing RNA Seq, MIRNA Seq and other specialty NGS sequencing technologies. The fifth pillar of our strategy is to develop knowledge services. We are now just a few months from marching Beacon LBS across United Healthcares physician and patient base in Florida. LBS provides decision support tools to help guide lab and test selection, access to a lab of choice network and clinical and administrative rules engines for claim adjudication. Beacon LBS assist physicians in managing lab ordering leading to better management of patient conditions and lower cost. We are excited about the valuable services that Beacon LBS offers physicians, patients and payers and will provide updates on this important initiative later this year. Last month, we marched in Enlightened Health, which offers multiple capabilities to patients, physicians, health systems and pharmaceutical companies. Enlightened Health will include our patient facing capabilities, including ambulatory monitoring and the patient portal. Physician and health system facing capabilities including clinical decision support, care intelligence and advanced analytics. Pharmaceutical capabilities including our clinical trial, central laboratory and data management businesses and several capabilities that touch, multiple stakeholders such as our genetic counselors. Enlightened Health will continue to build capabilities organically and through acquisition to capitalize on our unique assets, diversify our revenue base and meaningfully differentiate LabCorp from the competition. We look forward to providing updates on these initiatives over the next several quarters. We have positioned LabCorp to grow and excel through healthcare reform, an area in which quality, efficiency, scale and a central role in improving patient outcomes will be the key measures of success. Now, Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Steve Anderson: Thank you, Dave. Can you elaborate on LabCorps capital allocation policy? As we have stated, we are committed to achieving a 2.5 times debt-to-EBITDA ratio. Based on our capital allocation history, we target half of our free cash flow for acquisitions and half for share repurchase. We have a strong history of returning capital to our shareholders. Over the last decade, we have repurchased $5.6 billion of our stock, representing 78.1 million shares, at an average price of approximately $71. Can you provide us with an update on your MoPath payment issues? We are engaged with a number of States and pri-care to receive payments for these tests, most of which have long been covered are standard of care and are included in physician practice guidelines. We are making progress with some States but the process is slow and resolutions are still uncertain. The MoPath code changes, system problems and the complex procedures in some States have led to unconscionable delays in reimbursement. As ACLA noticed, these coverage senile for standard of care test establishes a second class healthcare system for Medicaid and military beneficiaries. The refusal to pay laboratories for these pivotal tests is not sustainable, and patients will ultimately suffer. In addition, we will continue to raise these non-payment issues with members of Congress that have key interests in the healthcare needs for and appropriate treatment of active duty personnel and their families. We are finally starting to see recognition by some payers that they have to constructibly address this situation. We will update you on these important initiatives on future earnings calls until they are resolved. How big of an opportunity is the recently-released Alberta RFP? The size of this opportunity is approximately $200 million annually and the RFP is for a sole-source private provider. DynaLIFE is currently the sole-source private provider in Alberta and we are a minority partner in this business. The performance of this joint venture is captured on the equity method income line item on our P&L and is not consolidated in our revenue line. Can you remind us of how drugs of abuse volume trended over recent quarters? In the first quarter, our organic drugs of abuse volume increased approximately 10% year-over-year. This compares to a year-over-year organic increases of 15% in Q4 of 2013, 14% in Q3 of 2013, 10.6% in Q2 of 2013 and 10.2% in Q1 of 2013. We also delivered strong year-over-year growth this quarter in our wellness and pain management businesses, which fall within our occupational testing services operations. We believe wellness and pain management testing will provide a great growth opportunity for LabCorp over the next several years. Now Id like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David King: Thank you, Steve. And thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Robert Willoughby  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi Dave and Brad, can you comment on specific M&A in the quarter what you may have acquired and perhaps after the quarter what kinds of activity have you participated in?
Brad Hayes: Hi Bob, its Brad. Nothing significant in the quarter to talk about in terms of this contribution specially and we take all of that out when discussing our organic volume growth number. And then on the future and whats in the pipeline Ill defer to Dave.
David King: Yes, good morning, Bob. Obviously, there have been some transactions weve looked at number of things that we  for a variety of reasons including valuations have not been  have not felt good opportunities for us. But the pipeline is quite robust, and were looking at a number of opportunities that we think are both exciting for the long-term and have the potential to continue on the global trend that weve established here.
Robert Willoughby  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Obviously, not a surprise Dave, this magnitude of share buyback wasnt bigger given where the stock was in the absence of many deals, why wouldnt that  youve taken advantage of the stock price at the lower levels?
David King: Our philosophy is we try to be consistent in terms of share repurchase. And yes, the stock was at a lower point throughout much of the quarter. I will say however that also for much of the quarter there were  there was quite a bit of overhang from the potential for significant government reductions, the CMS administrative proposal to be able to cut the fee schedule, the looming SGR fix. So, I think there was a lot of concern about what  how the share price is going to perform. And we dont try to be market timer, we try to take a very consistent approach to  we buy more when the price is down. And we did buy more this quarter given that the price is down. And we wouldnt have bought it if the price was higher.
Robert Willoughby  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And just a last one Brad, can you just remind us whats in the guidance and whats excluded from the guidance, there is no incremental share repurchase or incremental acquisitions. But do you have the back analysis in there now in the oncology P&Ls in the guidance?
Brad Hayes: Yes. And youre right on share repurchase and it excludes anything after March 31 working.
Robert Willoughby  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Any other items out there that your store excluding?
Brad Hayes: Well, I think, some of our stance on some of the items that we said in the past is similar so MoPath for example, no assumption of any recovery there. Steve, went through a laundry list of things we went over but I cant think of a significant change from the last time we updated on any of those items.
David King: Correct.
Robert Willoughby  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello, Craig-Hallum. Please proceed.
Bill Bonello  Craig-Hallum: Good morning, guys. Dave, I have a question, you spent a lot of time talking about Beacon Health and especially and Enlightened Health. Im just wondering if you can give us a little bit more color on how those programs actually generate revenue and maybe some sense of the magnitude of the opportunity with those programs to kind of profit margin that they have, just anything that lets us get our arms around what business is significant new driver of revenue and profit for you? And then I have a follow-up.
David King: Sure. So, the answer to the question is today theyre not significant drivers of revenue and profit. Other than the clinical trial, central lab business will reside within Enlightened Health. And as weve said, I think a number of times, thats approximately $150 million revenue business. And that business that as evidenced by our acquisition of the genomic slab in Seattle which were very, very pleased about that opportunity. We continue to grow. The other aspects of Enlightened Health, I would describe them as internal startups. So there are businesses that we are starting to capitalize on for example, our genetic counselors. And the asset we have with genetic counseling, in ways in which those genetic counseling capabilities can be independent revenue generators, for example with interpretations of genetic testing results with interpretations of sequencing. So, obviously, well continue to give you more color around this Bill, as these turn into revenue generating businesses. But I think this is a terrific opportunity for us from a strategy perspective, putting all the data analytics capabilities, all of the assets that we already have into a business thats focused on capitalizing them, facing the patient, facing the physician and health system and facing the pharmaceutical sponsors is a great long-term opportunity for us.
Bill Bonello  Craig-Hallum: And on the Beacon LBS side?
David King: Yes, I mean, I think Beacon LBS is again in the long-term is a terrific opportunity because as I think is fairly well recognized, lab is one of the last aspects of ancillary services in healthcare that basically has very, very limited management. And the management tool over there such as blanket preauthorization policies for all molecular testing that were seeing from some players are the proverbial blunt instrument using the sledge hammer to address a much more targeted concern. So, I think Beacon LBS would be a significant tool that will not only help a trend management but will also help with selecting the correct test for the patient at the correct time. I will say parenthetically with regard to Beacon LBS  there is no question that the margin in that business would be a lot different from the margin in our Corp testing business, because its not a testing business. Its more of an administrative decision support and management business. So, we need to think about that as we roll it out over time. But I think in terms of generating revenue and enhanced opportunities for the company, its a terrific long-term opportunity.
Bill Bonello  Craig-Hallum: And at this point, are you prepared to give us anymore specifics about how you actually generate revenue, what is the source of that revenue is?
David King: Let us get it up and running and then well give you more detail around exactly how the revenue is generated. But we will be prepared to address that once we get to pile up and running.
Bill Bonello  Craig-Hallum: Okay. Thanks, thanks a lot.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Clair, Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
David Clair  Piper Jaffray: Hi, I was hoping just to get some additional color on the MoPath reimbursement issues weve seen. So, what was the impact in the quarter and when you say youre making progress, are you getting paid on the backlog in some of these States?
David King: David, its Dave. The impact on the quarter was not terribly significant, it was probably a little bigger than the impact on the quarter last year, just because in the first quarter of last year we didnt see a huge denial rate. When we say were making progress, were engaged with some of the key States where we have been experiencing difficulties. And of course weve been heavily engaged with Tri-Care, which is one of the real pain points for us. I think there is increased receptiveness from their perspective, there have been some commitments made about payments going forward and retrospective payments. But commitments made and dollars delivered are two different things and we havent seen the dollars delivered. So, this is a high priority issue for us. And again, unfortunately this is an issue where at some point, I think the industry and ACLA has been very much engaged in this. At some, the industry is going to have to make a decision about providing free services to these beneficiaries given that the payers are simply indicating that theyve decided not to pay for tested or standard of care that have always been covered. And that are critical to delivering appropriate and proper healthcare to the patient population.
David Clair  Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thank you. And just a quick question on BRCA and your NIPT business, maybe you can give us an update on how these are performing compared to your original expectations?
David King: I would say BRCA is performing in terms of buying very well and probably better than our original expectations. NIPT, at this point is  has been in the mix for quite some time. And were continuing to see  were continuing to see strong growth there in terms of volumes. So, were pleased with both of those businesses.
David Clair  Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich, Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. So, my question really is about the guidance you absorbed a little over $0.20 of weather impact which wasnt in the original outlook. And youre adding a nickel back in. So, Dave, if you could just maybe sit back and help us think about what is in the outlook thats changed versus where we were. And if there is any things that you feel like need to be called out around what were in your original assumption to be helpful just to kind of square that over $0.25 differential?
David King: Darren, good morning, its Dave. So, obviously there were a couple of positives during the quarter. The SGR fix was resolved in a way that did not have any near term impact. ICG-10 was postponed for a year so some expenses that we expected that we were going to have to absorb this year, we dont have to absorb. And then, obviously we had a pretty significant weather impact. The positives, we have some expectation that BRCA is going to be positive from a volume enterprise perspective. We have not changed our assumptions on MoPath that is we assume it will be about the same. We continue to exclude the impact of any significant M&A transaction that might occur. We continue to exclude the impact of share repurchase. And we havent factored anything in for the cost reduction program. There was, in the quarter, a gain on an investment that we made in a publicly traded company that benefited us. And so, all of those things and we still own some shares in that company. So, there is the potential for us to realize additional gain if we sell those shares during the balance of the year. And obviously, the full year impact of the repurchase that we did in the quarter also is in whatever were going to do, even if we didnt do any more share repurchase and Im not saying were not going to do any more share repurchase. But the full year impact of that share repurchase is something that we take account of. Although, again, we dont assume any further share repurchase in the numbers. So, if you just look at our reported EPS which is $1.51, net of the $0.22 of weather. And you look at what the expectation was, which is $1.60, were $0.09 under. What were saying is that we feel given the strength of the business in the quarter and given what we see unfolding for the rest of the year that we will be able to make up that $0.09 differential. And add an additional $0.05 of earnings. So, thats how we come up with the revised guidance which basically raised the top and bottom end by $0.05 and I hope thats a sufficiently thorough accounting of kind of how we get there. Again, the guidance is a range, its not a point. The guidance is a range. And were looking at the entire range of outcomes that might occur during the year and try and provide you with an accurate expectation of where we think were going to come in.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank: Yes, thats very helpful. So, and just so my math is closed on the gain, it looks like it comes out to about $0.05 gain in the period. Is that about right?
David King: Thats right.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, just maybe just to follow-up and Ill jump off after this. But just to clarify, in your mind the biggest sort of swing factor now in the guidance, I mean, aside from M&A and buyback which we generally are used to seeing, but the biggest swing factor would just be some resolution and its more like your pathology issue. Is that the right way to think about it?
David King: Well, I dont really think about it that way. I think the biggest factor in the  in where we come out in the guidance range is the underlying growth of the business and the price. So, we had a terrific, from a volume perspective, I think we had a very, very strong quarter. The pricing, a combination of  we had the impact of sequestration, which we didnt have in the first quarter of last year, we had a little bit of MoPath, we have a small where we have a reduction in the physician fee schedule based on some code revaluation and the reduction in the clinical lab fee schedule which is part of the original ACA, we still have the 1.75% reduction. We had some test mix issues with big growth and toxicology, which depressed this price. And we had the impact of the Canadian business, which both the government price cut increasing utilization and the exchange rate, all dragged on price. So, certainly if we get paid for MoPath that will help us in terms of the guidance. But what will also help us is, continuing to grow the business and seeing some positive movement in the pricing.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank: Got it, okay. Great. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor, Citi. Please proceed.
Gary Taylor  Citi: Hi, good morning guys. Not to be redundant, I just want to go back to the guidance for a second. I certainly understand all the mechanics and the pluses and minus. I guess, just broadly when you think about, you gave guidance. Weather was certainly much worse than the guidance had anticipated, you had a gain and some repurchase of couple of other things. But still, generally the raise of guidance in the phase of that weather headwind, you just generally have to feel better about something? And I guess, it just sounds like there wasnt any explicit singular item but just in general when you look at the total range, you feel good about where youre at? Is that fair?
David King: I think thats fair. I think weve answered the question in great detail in terms of what the components are. And obviously we wouldnt be raising guidance if we didnt feel that there was a reason why we would do better than the initial guidance that we put out.
Gary Taylor  Citi: Yes, I couldnt understand in that what isolated got better. But I know it was a very detailed answer. On the gain and the public company, could you share with us what that was or is that private?
David King: Yes, its foundation medicine and we were an original investor in the company. And when it went public, our shares obviously became public shares. And when the lock-up expired, we had the ability to sell them.
Gary Taylor  Citi: Okay, great. One more small question. I just want to make sure, on the 2.5% organic growth adjusted for weather and so forth, thats pretty close to our number. But, I think Brad had said that that excludes all tuck-in acquisitions and I apologize I know this has been asked in prior quarters. But I was under the impression that some of the small tuck-ins were kind of captured in that number, so I just want to make clear that 2.5% excludes any of even the small tuck-ins you do?
Brad Hayes: Well Gary, its Brad. And thats probably back to Bobs cash flow question. The small, small tuck-ins, we dont go through the exercise of excluding those. So those, whats excluded from that number are the  are larger type acquisitions where they have an impact on the  especially on the volume.
Gary Taylor  Citi: Great. And last question for Dave, just going back to the new lab pricing methodology that was in the doc fix legislation. I know the ACLA was in favor of that, a couple of the other lab lobbies with some opposition to kind of have a final rule came down. And its very clear that the new price med would be developed would apply to any hospital billings and our clinical lab fee schedule. But what is a little less clear is if the legislation explicitly mandates the hospital pricing information be captured in that. I just wondered, do you agree that latter part is less clear and kind of whats your view CMS develops the rights around that?
David King: No, I dont agree, it is less clear. I think it was explicitly stated in many discussions that we had with Congress and with congressional staff that market pricing has to include the entire market. So, market  what you want to do is make sure that Medicare laboratory testing is priced at market, then you cant look it through for examples as the flood OIG study did. And say that that is market, market is market. And that includes large independent labs, it includes small independent labs, it includes hospital outreach labs. And so, I think the intent of Congress is very clear. I think obviously the devil would be in the details from the rule is propagated. But I think the rule should be very clear that the market has to include the determination of market pricing has to include all components of the laboratory services market, not selected or cherry picked components. And that certainly includes hospital outreach pricing.
Gary Taylor  Citi: Okay, I appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman, Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Ryan Halsted  Wells Fargo: Good morning, this is Ryan Halsted on for Gary. I guess, I appreciate all the detail on the guidance. But I was hoping you could speak specifically to any change on your views on, impact from healthcare reform, especially considering the better than expected enrollment?
David King: Its Dave. I think our view on healthcare reform is that its still basically not material to 2014 that is basically a net neutral. So were not counting healthcare reform as a positive as we think about the guidance. Well  obviously if our views change, well update that perspective but thats where we are today.
Ryan Halsted  Wells Fargo: Okay, thanks. And on your cost structure, I realized youre not prepared to provide any guidance on that. But just curious if any improved visibility on your reimbursement outlook, does that potentially change how youre thinking about your cost structure and timing on as youre reevaluating your cost structure?
David King: No.
Ryan Halsted  Wells Fargo: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy, William Blair. Please proceed.
Amanda Murphy  William Blair: Hi, thanks. I just had a quick question on M&A. So, I think you guys have been pretty consistent in terms of the types of assets that you pursued over the years. So, Im just curious going forward, should we expect you to pursue a similar strategy? And then also, have you seen a change at all in maybe the types of assets that are coming to market just given all the reimbursement pressure over the past few years here?
David King: Amanda, its Dave. I dont think you should expect us  you should expect to see us do anything dramatically different. Obviously with Enlightened Health, there are some aspects of those businesses as we start them up that there may be acquisitions that are  there are a little bit different from kind of core diagnostic testing. However, those would be small exploratory type transactions, theyre not going to be anything significant in there. In terms of assets coming to market, I think the mix is pretty much the same as what weve historically seen, its nothing  there is nothing in my mind that looks very different from what weve seen over the last several years. Again I think its one of the right assets from a strategic perspective for us and whats the right valuation.
Amanda Murphy  William Blair: Got it. And then, a question on Nex-Gen sequencing. So youre bringing up the number of test to market now. Just curious, what are your  do you have any insights and how payers may look at paying for those tests. And it doesnt seem like there is  well there isnt really an infrastructure in place for payment around those tests for the most part. So, any insights as to how that might evolve over time?
David King: No, I think its  I think your question has exactly the right premise, which there isnt really an infrastructure for payment that  of the testing using that methodology. And there isnt an established payment system, you cant just send somebody a bill and say we perform next generation sequencing. So, currently, obviously well continue to build using the procedure codes that apply to the testing that were doing. I think there are very robust discussions going on with some of the payer community right now about how they might think about paying for those tests in the future. And well continue to keep you updated on the developments there.
Amanda Murphy  William Blair: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of AJ Rice, UBS. Please proceed.
AJ Rice  UBS: AJ Rice actually. But thanks, hello everybody. Two quick questions, first of all, just kind of on Hep-C testing, how big that is for you, if youre seeing any change because of the new drug capabilities here. And people want to get tested even more now. So, they have an option that could potentially cure them. Any thoughts on that?
David King: Yes, AJ, its Dave. Weve highlighted Hep-C for the last  it is really since the CDC put out the screening guidelines as a growth opportunity. And we have seen nice growth there. I think the  and thats been probably for 12 to 18 months. I think these targeted drugs do give us additional opportunities both in our clinical trials business because of the expertise that we have at monogram which is probably the leader in development of Hepatitis-C testing. As well as, as well as the cost of these drugs means that efficacy really needs to be demonstrated and we think that diagnostic test is an excellent way to show which patients are going to benefit from the drugs and which patients are probably not going to gain as much benefit. So, we like Hepatitis-C is the long-term opportunity and we think we have the right assets in place to build that.
AJ Rice  UBS: Okay. And then, I was just going to ask a little bigger picture question. I dont know if Ive heard you guys comment in a while about the nature of the competitive landscape and whether you see it having changed much between the competition for hospital outreach labs, small labs and then competition among you and your biggest competitor. I did notice, I think I saw pressure forth, maybe one of the exclusive contract with independent Blue Cross Blue Shield this quarter. I wonder wrapping that in to the comments about broader competitive landscape, is there any update offer there?
David King: Well, I think the industry remains extremely competitive. It remains highly fragmented. There are still many thousand clinical labs that are  that we compete with on a daily basis. So, I dont think that there is a lot that has changed. We have a lot of respect for our competitors, large and small. And we do some things better than some of them and they do some things better than we do. So, were always trying to improve our levels of service. Were always fanatical about our commitment to quality. Its a  but its a tough industry. And obviously there is a lot of competition. And our job is to go out there and grow the business and excel in what we do. And I think our front-line people and our operational people have done a terrific job in doing that.
AJ Rice  UBS: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill, JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Lisa Gill  JPMorgan: Hi Dave, I noted in your comments that you talked about managed care, pricing was flat sequentially. But can you give us an update of what it looks like year-over-year would be my first question. And then secondly, do you have any major managed care contracts that are up for you now this year?
David King: Lisa, its Dave. We dont have any major contracts that are up for renewal this year. And year-over-year the managed care pricing was down very slightly, not materially at all.
Lisa Gill  JPMorgan: Okay, great. And then, I guess, my second question would be, I know a lot of people were asking about acquisitions and I know in the past youve talked about not having as much interest in some of these outsourcing deals with hospitals or outreach programs. Im just wondering if thats changed at all, especially if we think forward and think of you as being a lower cost provider than some of these hospitals if you move towards ACA. Are they looking more enticing?
David King: Its Dave again. So, I think that all those things are being equal, we would prefer to do a more comprehensive deal with a hospital than with a health system than just buy an outreach program. I mean, we would like to work with them on their internal lab, wed like to work with them on rationalizing where the testing is performed and the utilization. Wed like to work with them on population health management on delivering the tools that we deliver in terms of analytics and decision support. So, that has been our preference in most of the hospital deals that we have done recently, we have focused on more comprehensive, a more comprehensive global approach. Part of the challenge in acquiring a hospital outreach program is because of the pricing that the hospital outreach labs typically command from the managed care payers. When that pricing moves to RP schedule, there is significant revenue compression which also leads to significant profitability compression which makes it hard to pay the multiple but those outreach programs are looking for  because of how those businesses look when they move over to our pricing structure. So, again thats why our focus Lisa, is more on the comprehensive partnership with the health systems than it is on individual hospital outreach lab acquisitions.
Lisa Gill  JPMorgan: All right, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro, Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: .and clearly an area of focus for the business, at a high level, can you just walk us through your marketing and pricing strategy versus competition for these tests? Im just trying to frame how youre thinking about pricing scheme, either versus trends player in BRCA testing or a new developing market for example like Tumor profiling, where formal reimbursement hasnt been established yet?
David King: Isaac, Im sorry, but the first probably 15 seconds of your question got cut off, so maybe you could just recapitulate.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, probably its actually Jo in for Isaac this morning. Just genetic testing, just trying to get an idea of your overall pricing and go to market strategy versus the competition. Just trying to frame how youre thinking about going in entrenched player for example in BRCA or new developing market like tumor profiling, where we just havent seen for more reimbursement?
David King: Well, I think its hard to comment in a lot of detail on those areas because obviously they are strategic and we assume there is competitors who listen to our calls. So, I think generally our go-to-market approach is that we try to come to market with a high quality reasonably priced comprehensive test offering with BRCA. Were especially proud of the capabilities that weve been able to build around the database and around the preauthorization. So that we can help to make sure that patients are getting the services and that the services are going to be paid for. I dont know that there is much more say then that is our consistent philosophy in terms of go-to-market, it fits exactly within the fourth pillar of our strategy. And were going to continue to follow that.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. And then just a quick one on capital allocation. Any updates from the board regarding the dividend?
David King: Well, the decision about our allocated capital is managements decision. Obviously, we speak to our board about it quite a bit. And but its managements decision. And our view continues to be at this point that acquisitions and share repurchase are appropriate deployments of capital and were going to continue to deploy them that way.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks.
David King: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser, Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning. I have two follow-up questions here. Firstly, on the volumes, I might have missed it. But when you talked about same-store volume growth of 2.5%. Can you just help us understand what was the contribution for that for drug of abuse, I know you talked about the year-over-year growth rate. But off that 2.5%, what was drug of abuse testing?
Brad Hayes: Ricky, its Brad. I dont think were going to get into that much detail. But we did have an acquisition that contributed but that was stripped out of the organic. And our regular drugs of abuse testing business, I think Steve, went over earlier was 10% growth in that business.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Right, no, no, I understand that. But Im just trying to understand is it half of the 2.5%, is that very clear?
Brad Hayes: No, no, no. Small contributor but not close to half.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then, Dave, going back to the healthcare system question. You talked about more (inaudible) type of relationship with the hospital is kind of like  its a preferred partnership. What do you think is the episode of the healthcare systems given the fact that  over time we are moving or we will be moving toward episode of care type reimbursement and were hearing kind of like the non-for-profit hospitals talking about that? So, are you being involved in these types of conversations because I think thats kind of like changes the whole kind of like approach towards reimbursement?
David King: Yes, Ricky, I know its been you thesis that were rapidly moving into a bundled payment world. And I would simply say that eve within payment bundles there are clear fee-for-service components. And the movement towards payment bundles is going to be incremental and evolutionary, its not  were not going to be in two years, and 100% bundled payment environment. Its just  it is not going to work that way. So, certainly were involved in many conversations with health systems with large physician practices about how they think the payment system is going to evolve and how the diagnostic testing is going to play into that. And we welcome those conversations because again, given the  given our cost  our cost position, I think were in a great position to be a huge contributor of value there and to show integrated delivery networks and large health systems that we can really help them move the needle. Not only on the cost of their lab services, but on the quality of the results they are delivering and on the analytics and the data and all of the things that we can do that will make them winners in the  in whatever the new models are. So, one, I think bundled payments will go slowly and incrementally because there are lot of questions about how those payment systems are going to work and whether they are going to work and how providers are going to be rewarded. And two, yes, were very much engaged in those conversations and look forward to the opportunity to demonstrate our value.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Glen Santangelo  Credit Suisse: Yes, thanks, and good morning. Hi, Dave and Brad, I just want to follow-up on the revenue per acquisition. I mean, down another 3.3% this quarter, I dont think thats really surprising. But if you look at the different components, I think decided Medicare test mix and the Canadian business. Im wondering if you could sort of break down those different factors and maybe give us a sense of whats really driving that revenue per requisition the most? And ultimately I should think about that in a little bit longer term basis, I mean, obviously we have greater clarity on the Medicare side. But how do you think about the other factors driving revenue per requisition throughout the balance of the year and into next year?
Brad Hayes: Glen, its Brad. Ill start with the 3.3% that we reported. We talked about the impact there as being mix, our Canadian business in the government. Were not going to break that down any more specifically. But if you think back to the mix, the drugs of abuse testing businesses, having an impact there as well as an acquisition in that space. Then also we have the Canadian business that we speak of, where the exchange rate is about 8% lower this Q1 than last Q1, so weve had some erosion there. Plus, there is volume growth in that business which is essentially a capitative model so that drives down the price per. And then, the government reductions that weve already talked about, the physician fee schedule, the clinical fee schedule and sequestration are all year-over-year impact to that number that we see. Our goal is to have that number be more positive than 3.3% negative. And I think we look at that by focusing on the test mix in our business and trying to grow the higher value test that weve spoken about several of those on this call. We certainly know with a little more clarity whats ahead in the government reimbursement world. But we realize that to be successful, we need to have solid and growing revenue per requisition as well as a volume of requisitions.
Glen Santangelo  Credit Suisse: Thanks to that comment. Maybe, if I could just follow-up Brad on the margin side. I think if I heard you correctly, you seem to suggest that margins were impacted by about 180 basis points due to weather, which would kind of imply an incremental margin of about 70% on that weather related lost revenues. Im kind of curious, is that the right number and then as we think about the margins throughout the balance of the year within the context of your full year guidance, it kind of sounds like to get to that midpoint of the range, based on what youve talked about in terms of revenues, were assuming margins are down about 150 basis points, year-over-year. And how should we think about that ramp throughout the balance of the year?
Brad Hayes: Yes, youre right on the weather. Its probably a little higher drop down that you imputed. We take out the cost of our supplies and our bad debt to get there. So, yes, and if you think about our original guidance for the year, it would imply some margin compression as well. So, I dont think of any besides not having a negative weather impact, I dont think of any ramping of the margin performance over the course of the year. Well get better as we lack some things and we have growth, continued growth in our business. And then, some of the cost items and opportunities potentially start to contribute, that will help as well. But nothing significant counted on and guidance work for that. So, I think youve got it about right, generally speaking on the margins. And again, given our guidance for the year, that we initially gave, we expect those margins to be under pressure.
Glen Santangelo  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny, ISI Group. Please proceed.
Michael Cherny  ISI Group: Hi, good morning guys. So, just one last quick question from my end. When you think about the increase in the market, I know you talked about little bit of it over the course of the day. But seeing a big rise in the plus consumer direct health plans, how does that factor into the way you see your business performing and what impact has that had, at least both recently as well as in your expectations for next maybe few quarters or couple of years?
David King: Michael, its Dave. The plus consumer direct health plans is that with greater consumer responsibility and well create our pricing transparency. Our price point would be much more attractive. The minus is, it puts pressure on patient collections because we have to collect more and more dollars from the patient. And thats the reason that you saw the bad debt increase in the quarter.
Michael Cherny  ISI Group: Got it, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Brokmeier, Maxim Group. Please proceed.
Bryan Brokmeier  Maxim Group: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. You previously stated that the ICG-10 expenses this year would probably be in the $5 million to $10 million range. Are those expenses that youre now pushing off to 2015 or were some of them already spent this year?
David King: Bryan, its Dave. Some of them were already committed and some of them were able to defer.
Bryan Brokmeier  Maxim Group: And given the longer timeframe, wed be able to better work that was caused into the regular workflow or should we not expect all of those, I guess, looks like you spent a couple of million, should we not expect all of those $5 million to $10 million to be additive to 2015 expenses?
David King: I think its too early to tell with certainty. It gives us more time to work on some of the things that wed like to do in a more automated and less manual fashion. So well know about that as we get closer to the compliance.
Bryan Brokmeier  Maxim Group: All right. And you discussed the possibility previously as some significant expense reductions that youre currently evaluating which were also excluded or continue to be excluded from guidance. Has that decision progressed at all?
David King: I think weve answered the question three times that well value  well update it on the July call.
Bryan Brokmeier  Maxim Group: All right. And just last quick one, you said that volume ex weather, would have been 5%. So, weather negatively impacted volume by about 2.4%. Can you remind us what the weather impact in the fourth quarter was?
Brad Hayes: Fourth quarter weather was actually on a year-over-year basis to the fourth quarter of the previous year a better comp, an easier comp. I dont remember the specific weather number in Q4.
Bryan Brokmeier  Maxim Group: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo, Robert Baird. Please proceed.
Whit Mayo  Robert Baird: Thanks for squeezing me in. I just wanted to go back for a second to the fee schedule reprising. Aqua has been very supportive of the doc fix legislation, it seems like you guys concur. And one thing today have highlighted as the study that was performed by Avalere of the year that attempts to illustrate that average Medicare pricing is probably not too just similar from commercial pricing when you actually do include hospitals. And they also seem to suggest that when CMS establishes these private payer rates in some instances, some of the non-hospital lab test rates could actually increase. And so, I just wanted to get your broad perspective on that study and whether or not you agree or disagree with their inclusions?
David King: With the Avalere studys conclusions?
Whit Mayo  Robert Baird: Yes.
David King: Yes, its Dave. Yes, I think the Avalere study was a very comprehensive look at a large number of data points and multiple MSAs, as big as New York City, as small as I think Boise Idaho. And what Avalere did was look at paid claims data, look at pricing data, look at a variety of sites of service, independent labs, small labs, nursing home labs that are  that were paid under the fee schedule, and hospital labs, commercial pricing, Medicare pricing. And I think what the study demonstrated quite clearly is that Medicare is at or below market for almost all the test that weve reviewed whether routine testing or a high complexity or low complexity testing. So, I think the Avalere study was a very detailed and comprehensive approach to determining what is market, and I think it  we bought it this notion thats been going on for a long time. And somehow Medicare is above market in the way that it pays for lab test. Obviously, how CMS implements this rule is going to be significant and we at LabCorp, and I trust ACLA are going to be very significantly engaged in the rule-making process. But I do think that the way that the  there was a very strong policy view in Congress that they wanted Medicare pricing to be compared to and based off of market pricing. There was a very strong policy view from the ACLA, from the LabCorp and the constituents that the market had to be a true market, not a manufactured market to make it look like Medicare was overpaying. And the Avalere study shows that in the true market, Medicares pricing is very, very competitive. So, I think that in the long-term this was a policy driven decision by Congress. And they can scrape that we have policy driven decisions as opposed to financially driven decisions. And were going to be very much involved in making sure that policies are implemented in accordance with the way that Congress wanted them to be carried out.
Whit Mayo  Robert Baird: Great, very helpful.
Operator: We have no further questions. I will now turn the call over to Mr. David King for closing remarks.
David King: Thank you all very much for listening this morning and good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. And have a great day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David P. King - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Stephen Anderson William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division William B. Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Thomas Gallucci - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jose T. Haresco - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2013 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. My name is Glenn, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. David King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed, Mr. King.
David P. King: Thank you, Glenn. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Fourth Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; Adam Feinstein, Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2013 financial results, update 2014 guidance, highlight our progress on our five pillar strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson who has a few comments before we begin.
Stephen Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our website, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS excluding amortization, free cash flow and adjusted operating income. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect the company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2012 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I will review 4 key measures of our financial performance: Cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. I'll also update our 2014 guidance. First, cash flow. Our cash flow continues to be solid. Free cash flow for the 12 months ended December 31, 2013, was $616.5 million. DSO at the end of December was 49 days, which was down 1 day sequentially. In addition to our run rate bad debt expense during the fourth quarter, we increased our allowance for doubtful accounts by $5 million due to an increase in patient responsibility. For the year, our bad debt expense was 4.4% of revenue compared with 4.3% in 2012. As we've previously discussed, our 2014 guidance assumes a slight increase in our bad debt rate. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 2.3% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. During the quarter, total company volume increased 5%. Organic volume increased approximately 2% year-over-year. Revenue per requisition was flat sequentially but decreased 2.6% year-over-year. It is important to note that managed care revenue per requisition increased year-over-year and was flat sequentially. Third, margin. For the fourth quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 15.2% compared to 17.2% in the fourth quarter of 2012. During the fourth quarter, government payment reductions and molecular pathology payment issues reduced our year-over-year margins by approximately 170 basis points, reduced year-over-year revenue per requisition by approximately 2% and reduced year-over-year operating cash flow by more than $30 million. Also, growth in our toxicology business reduced year-over-year revenue per requisition by approximately 2% in the fourth quarter. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well-capitalized. At the end of December, we had cash of $404 million and no borrowings outstanding under our $1 billion credit facility. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased $251.6 million of stock, representing 2.5 million shares. For the full year of 2013, the company repurchased approximately $1 billion of stock representing 10.4 million shares. At the end of December, approximately $1.1 billion of repurchased authorization remained under our share repurchase program. Our share repurchase activity reflects our continued disciplined capital allocation program and commitment to return capital to our shareholders. This morning, we updated our 2014 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of approximately 2%; adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, of $6.35 to $6.65; operating cash flow of approximately $780 million to $820 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $185 million to $205 million. The guidance excludes the impact of any share repurchase activity after December 31, 2013. There's already been an unusual amount of inclement weather in the first quarter of 2014. Our guidance does not take into account business losses due to weather. Consistent with our past practice, we will comment on the impact of weather to our performance during our earnings releases. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Brad. We are pleased with our fourth quarter results. During the quarter, we grew volume 5% on organic volume by approximately 2% and we continue to execute well on our key growth initiatives. Although our nominal revenue per requisition was down 2.6% year-over-year, managed care revenue per requisition increased year-over-year and was flat versus last quarter. The drag on year-over-year revenue per requisition was due to government reimbursement reductions, molecular pathology payment issues and test mix. We repurchased $251.6 million of our shares, demonstrating our commitment to our stated capital allocation objective to return capital to shareholders. We are also pleased with our full year 2013 results, particularly when we take into account the significant government payment reductions and the unexpected reimbursement issues related to new molecular pathology codes that we faced through the year. As a reminder, our reported results for the year were negatively impacted by Medicare payment reductions and molecular pathology payment issues that lowered revenue by approximately $100 million and adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, by $0.68. Finally, during 2013, we repurchased approximately $1 billion of our stock representing 10.4 million shares. I would now like to update our progress on each aspect of our five-pillar strategy. The first pillar of our strategy is that we deploy capital to investments that enhance our business and return capital to shareholders. I have just reviewed our share repurchase activity during the fourth quarter and the year. Our share repurchase to date brings us closer to our target leverage ratio of 2.5x debt to EBITDA. In addition, our acquisition pipeline remains attractive and we believe that components of health care reform will drive consolidation in our industry. Thus, acquisition should provide an attractive way to expand our test menu and geographic footprint for the next several years. We will maintain a disciplined approach to valuation as we look for the best strategic opportunities. The second pillar of our strategy is to enhance our IT capabilities to improve the physician and patient experience. We continue to enhance our Beacon analytics platform for managing practice and population health data as we add new clients and plans to the platform. This platform helps clients unify the multiple components of population health management, providing primary care physicians with complete access to their patients' health care picture, rules for monitoring gaps and care and reporting that addresses more than 600 quality measures. Beacon Analytics helps providers reduce expenses, improve outcomes and enhance patient satisfaction. The robust rules engine is highly-customizable and provides compliance with meaningful use requirements, as well as ACO, Joint Commission on accreditation of health care organizations, and physician quality reporting system reporting requirements. These industry-leading data-driven services position LabCorp as a trusted partner to health care stakeholders, providing knowledge to optimize decision-making, improve health outcomes and reduce treatment costs. We also continue to improve our tools to assist physicians and patients in understanding test results and optimizing decision-making. We introduced a new report format for Pap results, which provides a result history chart and improves clarity of results delivery. In addition, we now have more than 400,000 registrations on our patient portal and this figure continues to grow every day. Looking ahead, we will expand the conditions covered by our comprehensive clinical reports that integrate and track test results for at-risk patients. We will continue help customers analyze their population health and clinical practice data with new tools for hospitals, physician practices and ACOs, supplemented with insights derived from our extensive patient database. We are working with clients to use our data to benchmark ordering patterns and to determine preclinical markers in specific diseases. Insights gained from these efforts help payors and physicians better manage health care expenses and patient outcomes. The third pillar of our strategy is to continue to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services. The second installation of our Propel robot is underway at our major laboratory in Tampa. Propel has begun to drive expense reductions, increase throughput and accuracy and enhance specimen management at our Burlington lab. We continue to consolidate facilities into our new Phoenix campus and we are now processing more than 23,000 specimens per day at this state-of-the-art facility. We have continued the installation of our new automated chemistry platform and upgrades have now been completed in our Burlington, Phoenix, San Diego and Seattle labs. Our Raritan, New Jersey lab will be converted later this quarter. These instruments, enabled by advanced software systems, are expected to increase testing throughput and reduce labor and supply expenses. Finally, as part of our ongoing commitment to efficiency, we have begun a comprehensive enterprise-wide review of our cost structure. The fourth pillar of our strategy is to continue scientific innovation at reasonable and appropriate pricing. We introduced new tests and collaborate with leading companies and academic institutions to provide our physicians and patients with the most scientifically-advanced testing in our industry. We launched 152 new tests in 2013, many of which we expect to drive growth in our genomic and oncology testing businesses. This reflects our commitment to offer products and services on the cutting-edge of science, as well as our strategy to develop real revenue growth opportunities. One such growth opportunity relates to our recent entry into the sizable bracket testing market, which is composed of a suite of test for the assessment of breast cancer risk that the payor community values and reimburses. Our bracket test menu now includes a comprehensive panel of BRCA 1 and 2 complete gene sequence analysis and deletion duplication testing, targeted analysis test for other family members once a mutation is identified and a panel for mutations prevalent among the Ashkenazi Jewish population. Our BRCA testing capabilities and services give physicians and patients powerful tools to better comprehend and predict breast cancer risk. In combination with our care coordination pre-authorization service, LabCorp offers an end-to-end program that includes compliance with insurance requirements, comprehensive testing and expert interpretation from our license directors and a team of 122 Board-certified genetic counselors and 9 medical geneticists. We expanded our next-generation sequencing test menu by launching our first multi-gene oncology panel. The intelligent assay provides an assessment of targetable mutations with a panel profile of 50 cancer genes known to be involved in the development, progression and treatment of cancers. IntelliGEN will be useful tool to multiple clinical settings, including when guideline-recommended biomarker evaluations yield no targeted therapeutic option, when relapse or disease progression occurs or when a tumor is poorly differentiated and have a uncertain origin. We continue to expand our oncology offerings to enhance our women's health initiatives. We recently lost the Prosigna Breast Cancer Prognostic Gene Signature Assay, an FDA-cleared assay developed by NanoString Technologies, Inc. This test enters a large existing market and is routinely by the payor community. Studies showed that Prosigna is able to better categorize high-risk patients, providing more prognostic clarity than other predictive breast cancer assays. The fifth pillar of our strategy is the development of knowledge services. LabCorp recently performed a comprehensive retrospective study involving over 55,000 patients comparing the treatment of patients enrolled in our innovative chronic kidney disease management program with those patients diagnosed with CKD who were not in the program. The study showed that patients who were enrolled in LabCorp's CKD program showed an approximate 10 percentage points increase in compliance with guideline-recommended testing, meaning that their physicians were more closely monitoring their disease state and progression. The study concluded that the use of a laboratory-based point-of-care CKD clinical decision support program is associated with increased compliance with guideline-recommended disease monitoring, particularly among primary care physicians. LabCorp leads the industry in the development of decision-support tools for kidney stones, CKD and coagulation, as well as for cardiovascular risk assessment. These tools are an important differentiator and we will continue to develop them and integrate them into the fifth pillar of our strategy. We have also begun work with United Healthcare to implement BeaconLBS across its physician and patient base in Florida. We remain on schedule to launch the program in the latter half of 2014 and we are excited about the valuable services that BeaconLBS will provide physicians, patients and payors. Health care reform is upon us and delivery systems continues to change. The critical components of success will be quality, efficiency, scale and a central role in improving patient outcomes. LabCorp is uniquely-positioned to achieve these goals in the years to come. Now, Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Stephen Anderson: Thank you, Dave. Can you elaborate on LabCorp's capital allocation policy? As we have stated, we are committed to achieving a 2.5x debt-to-EBITDA ratio and we have taken steps toward this goal over the last year. Based on our capital allocation history, we target half of our free cash flow for acquisitions and half for share repurchase. In the absence of a large acquisition over the next year, we would anticipate using additional leverage to repurchase shares. We have a strong history of returning capital to our shareholders. Over the last decade, we have repurchased $5.4 billion of our stock, representing 76.9 million shares, at a price of approximately $71. How big of an opportunity is the recently-released Alberta RFP? The size of this opportunity is approximately $200 million annually and the RFP is for a sole-source private provider. DynaLIFE is currently the sole-source private provider in Alberta and we are a minority partner in this business. The performance of this strength venture is captured on the equity method income line item on our P&L and is not consolidated into a revenue line. Can you remind us of how drugs of abuse volume trended during the year? In the fourth quarter, our drugs of abuse volume increased approximately 15% year-over-year. This compares to a year-over-year increase of 14% in Q3 of 2013, 10.6% in Q2 of 2013, 10.2% in Q1 of 2013. We also delivered strong year-over-year growth this quarter in our wellness and pain management businesses, which fall within our occupational testing services operation. We believe wellness and pain management testing will provide a great growth opportunity for LabCorp over the next several years. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Steve. And thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Bob Willoughby with Bank of America.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dave, has anything changed since you gave your preliminary guidance of 6 54 back in December? What -- and into the positive or negative on that front?
David P. King: Bob, nothing has changed to the positive or negative in terms of how we think about the guidance. Obviously, we provide a range because there's a range of outcomes within the guidance. I guess, the one factor I would point to that we know is different is, as Brad mentioned, we have had a pretty significant amount of weather in the first quarter, which is going to have an impact. But maybe if I just can expand a little bit on the thrust to your question, there are some things that are not included in the guidance and that would be, as we've mentioned, share repurchase. The second thing would be improvement in test mix, so specifically, there's nothing material in the guidance for growth in bracket testing, allergy or some of our other new tests. The guidance assumes that the MoPath situation remains the same going forward. So if we start getting paid for MoPath by some of the payors, which we're optimistic that we will, and, obviously, if we were to receive retro payments for what we did not get paid for in 2013, none of that is included in the guidance. The guidance also does not include any future acquisitions and the guidance does not include any significant expense reduction activity. On the other side, the guidance also does not include whatever may occur as a result of congress' decision to round the SGR fix. I mentioned weather and the guidance doesn't include any potential disruption if, in fact, ICD-10 is implemented in October. So hopefully, that gives you a good sense of how we're thinking about the guidance today and how it looks versus December.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But I guess, Dave, you have stated goals of half the cash flow going into share repurchases, why wouldn't it assume $400 million in buybacks at a bare minimum? And we know you've done some deals in the first quarter. Covance kind of spoke to one of them. Does the guidance contemplate activity in the first quarter as yet?
David P. King: The Covance deal is not going to be material from a revenue or an earnings perspective. It's a strategic deal, it's not a -- but it's not a large deal. And the reason that we don't incorporate share repurchases in the guidance is that we have never incorporated share repurchase in the guidance. And so it just -- that's been our long-standing way of approaching guidance and we felt that the change at this year would, number one, assume that you're going to do that amount of share repurchase, which could inflate the number that we put out; and two, just be a major change in the way we think about how we guide.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. But it just seems, Dave, you've got a stated rule but then did not put it in. There's a bit of disconnect there. But, okay, that's the policy, I guess, going forward or what it's been. Any update on the CFO search?
David P. King: We continue to speak to candidates. I feel confident that we will -- and we have terrific candidates, by the way. And I feel confident that within this upcoming quarter, we will have a candidate identified and in place and start the transition.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello with Craig-Hallum.
William B. Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: As we look at sort of longer term here and think about how you might position for the future, Dave, just 2 questions on that. First of all, on the cost side. Can you give us a sense, I mean, is there on opportunity here in this environment to maybe streamline the infrastructure and substantially reduce the number of labs that you have, maybe even the number of Patient Service Centers, phlebotomists and couriers? I don't mean just head -- little headcount reductions, but is there something on a more significant scale that you might be able to do here? And then I'll have a follow-up.
David P. King: Bill, obviously given the environment and as I think you know, we always had been attentive to how we can reduce cost by incremental amounts, $20 million, $30 million a year and I think we've done that very consistently. I think, given the environment, we're going to look at whether there are bigger cost opportunities. And that would include lab infrastructure, that would include patient service centers, that would include G&A and the corporate infrastructure. So I don't think we're ready to talk about scale or numbers at this point but we are looking at that. And if there are significant opportunities, we will tell you what they are and we'll do the very best we can to quantify them as soon as they become more certain.
William B. Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then the second piece is just sort of on the price/business mix side of the equation. It seems like for the last 5 years or so, this industry, the large players had pretty much been price-takers. And I know you have no choice with the government. But is there on opportunity here to sort of look at your customer base and maybe walk away from some less profitable payors, some less profitable physician practices, some less profitable regions? Is that a process you're going to go through to try and really determine where you're getting marginal profitability and where the return isn't so great?
David P. King: Yes, it's a great question. And I think I'd highlight a couple of things. I mean, first of all, as we mentioned, year-over-year, managed care pricing was up and quarter-over-quarter sequentially, it was flat. So I think we've done an excellent job in balancing the managed-care plans desire for price relief against the fundamental economics of our business. And also I think of demonstrating to them that in a high-fixed cost business continually looking for price decreases, is going to have an impact on the service that their patients are going to receive. And by that, I don't mean the quality of the testing but I mean the number of Patient Service Centers, the wait times, all of those things that they focus on. So I think we've done a good job in terms of our nongovernment pricing. At the same time, we have to look at every relationship and, particularly, some of our smaller relationships and determine whether there's enough value in continuing to provide those services to justify the cost that we're putting into. And we do that regularly and we will continue to do it. And if we find business that isn't profitable or that is absorbing more costs than we're gaining value from it, we have in the past and won't hesitate in the future, to move away from that business.
Operator: And your next question come from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: It seems like when you were first talking about the pressure from government reimbursement, at least to me, it seemed like you were more optimistic about receiving the revenue and maybe receiving it in more a timely fashion. Is that accurate, or can you maybe characterize kind of what you're thinking is now in terms of eventually getting that?
David P. King: Well, there's 2 aspects of it. As you know, Gary, the sequestration and the SGR reduction and the various technical extenders that accounted for the $55 million last year are not coming back and we're not going to get those, so those are just -- they're in the run rate now but it is important to note that, that -- when you look at the year-over-year comparison and you say why is the price down 2.6%, well, one of the reasons is, last year, we were being paid at a 1% higher rate by the government, so that is not insignificant. As to the MoPath, yes, I think we were more optimistic originally that the payors, TRICARE and some of these Medicaid plans, would be more reasonable in the way that they approached reimbursement. Quite frankly, it's still a mystery to me why tests that are medical standard of care that have been paid for, for years are suddenly on lists of tests that are not going to be paid for. And it's harmful to patients. It ultimately would be harmful to physicians who are going to be ordering standard-of-care testing that's not going to be delivered and exposing them to potential malpractice liability. So I was fairly optimistic all throughout last year that we would get paid fairly promptly. I still think we will get paid in time. And if we don't, then we'll take steps to make sure that we're not doing $40-plus million of free testing in the future. But this has been a long and frustrating and, my view, unreasonable process on the payor side. And we either got to get paid or we got to stop doing the testing.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And so I take that to mean, so you haven't reached the point yet where you stop doing some of the testing that you've pointed out in the past that you might?
David P. King: I'm not going to talk specifically about that. I'm just going to repeat that we're either going to get paid or we're going to stop doing the testing, or the patients are going to start getting billed for it. And you may have seen the article that came out yesterday in Stars and Stripes, the military publication, about a colonel in the military who has cancer, who a test result from a nonmilitary facility and he got a bill for $1,100 from the laboratory because TRICARE said they didn't cover that because it was ordered at a nonmilitary facility. However, if it had been ordered at a military treatment facility, TRICARE would covered the test. Now, somebody needs to explain to me how that makes any kind a sense in terms of logic or patient care or fairness to the laboratory industry.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just finally, in terms of accruing the revenue for those tests. Can you talk about sort of what the methodology is in terms of deciding not to accrue it versus if you were, what's the threshold for accruing it in terms of believing you're going to get paid for it?
William B. Hayes: Gary, this is Brad. We have actually -- I mean, there are many payors who are paying us. So this does not apply to every payor. So those payors are in the normal revenue recognition process. We have a list of payors that we have issues with and for each one of those payors, we do a probability assessment of how those discussions and where we think that's going to end up and that dictates the reserve we place on the revenue for that group of payors.
David P. King: But Gary, it's Dave, just one further comment. Most of that you're not seeing in the revenue line and you're not seeing it in price. So again, the value -- this is high-value testing and it's not hitting the revenue line or the revenue per requisition line and that's another 1% of the year-over-year price compares.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So I had a question on the volume side. It seems like utilization, underlying utilization seems to hold up pretty decently at 2%. I'm just curious how to think about that. Is that driven by -- and obviously, there's tuck-in acquisitions in there. But how should we look at underlying utilization on a per-patient basis, is that going up? And then also how to think about seasonality just given some of the higher deductible plans that are going into effect at the beginning of the year. How to think about utilization through the year going forward.
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. So I think the seasonality, based on what we saw in 2013, is less pronounced than it has been historically in terms of there used to be -- as we move toward these high deductible plans, there used to be higher utilization, probably, in the third and fourth quarters as people got through their deductibles. And I would not say that we saw that in 2013. I mean, I think the demand was relatively steady throughout the year. From an organic volume perspective, I think organic volume was in the 2% range this quarter, it was in the 2% range last quarter. I feel pretty good about the fact that organic volume seems to be quite stable and volume generally has been strong in the last 2 quarters and strong for the year. So it's very hard to say what -- it's very hard to say how volume and demand are going to play out going forward, but we're pleased with both the reported volume growth and the organic volume growth over the last couple of quarters.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. Okay. And just a follow-up on some of the reimbursement questions. I'm curious, since you just launched IntelliGEN and I know it's a bit early, but how are payors looking at some of these newer higher value-add tests at this point? And then also just thinking about some of the issues on the single-gene testing that you've had from a reimbursement perspective, how you're thinking about reimbursement in context of some of your R&D-type decisions for next-gen sequencing, for example.
David P. King: Yes. So obviously, with tests like BRCA and the Prosigna assay, you're entering a market where there's a well-established market and where payor reimbursement is well-established. So we talk to the payors but we feel good that we're not going to have major hurdles in getting paid. With things like the next-gen sequencing, the IntelliGEN panel, those are ongoing conversations with payors about the value that you're delivering, the price relative to the price of other tests in the marketplace. The thing I like about the IntelliGEN panel is it's very targeted with 50 markers. Those markers are highly-correlated to development, progression, treatment and relapse of cancer and toward targeted therapies that will help to address the patient's cancer. So I think payors will be pleased at the idea that we are introducing a targeted and therapeutically well-correlated test into the market. And those will be the continuing discussions that we'll have to make sure that we're well-positioned for getting those tests reimbursed.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Dave, I was just wondering if you could give us a little color as to what's behind the strong drugs abuse growth. And then how should we think about the wellness and pain management business? What's the market opportunity? What type of growth are we looking at and, I guess, what should we expect for contribution?
David P. King: Well, I think the drivers behind the drugs of abuse and toxicology testing, Kevin, obviously employment growth is helping and pre-employment screening is helping. I think there's just a broader -- there certainly has been a broader use of pain management and therapeutic drug monitoring given the intense focus from the DEA and from the state governments on over-utilization and diversion of pain drugs. So those have been, I would say, the primary drivers of growth. In terms of what the total market is, it's hard to size that market. As you know, there are several laboratories that really specialize in pain management testing, in particular, and we do quite a bit of therapeutic drug monitoring. So I think it's a nice opportunity for growth over time. You'll certainly see continued demand because of, I think, physician concern over patients being compliant with pain drug regimens and the risk of diversion of pain drugs. And I think we're very well-positioned to take advantage of that market movement.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then just wondering, you called out the $0.03 impact from weather during the quarter, just wondering if that had an impact on revenues or volumes. And if so, could you quantify that for us?
William B. Hayes: Kevin, it's Brad. Absolutely, they did. And we take -- we neutralized weather for the 2% organic growth.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. So 2%. Got it. That's helpful, Brad. And then since I have you, you talked about the managed care, rev per req increasing year-over-year. Can we say -- could you quantify that?
William B. Hayes: No.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, since your organic volume of 2% seems to be stable, Dave, what do you think the overall market's growing at this point? Is it flattish? And if so, do you -- are you taking share? And if so, which -- I guess, which categories would it be?
David P. King: Kevin, I think the market is relatively flat. I think there is share moving around. We've talked about health systems acquiring physician practices and in-sourcing some share. On the other hand, there are some health systems that are getting out of the outreach lab business and so they're -- so share is definitely moving around. I think it's always -- given the general uncertainty around market size and numbers, I think it's always risky to say that you're taking share, that you're losing share. What I would say is, again, we're pleased with the volume. We're certainly growing the drugs of abuse, toxicology and pain management testing business very, very well and our operators are doing a terrific job capitalizing on the opportunity there. And organic volume is stable and it's pretty decent, so we're happy about that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci with FBR.
Thomas Gallucci - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I guess, I just first want to clarify, in that 2% organic number, you mentioned toxicology and drug testing being very strong, what is that area contributing to that 2%, if you could identify it?
David P. King: We don't specifically break down all the bits and pieces, Tom. It is a significant contributor to the 2%. That's an accurate statement.
Thomas Gallucci - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, I was just wondering about reform. You listed it as sort of one of the uncertainties for this year. I'm curious, is that stemming more from the pace of the roll out or are there other things, as we're sort of seeing reform evolve here, that make you a little bit more uncertain about even the longer-term potential of the Affordable Care Act?
David P. King: Well, there's 2 things in terms of this year impact of reform, which we basically see little to no impact on our -- the guidance assumes little to no impact positive or negative from reform. So we all know about the rollout and I don't need to tell you that it has been bumpy. The latest numbers that I have been seeing, whether from McKinsey or Kaiser Family Foundation are that somewhere between 10% and 20% of the enrollees in the exchanges are actually new patients and that about 80% of the enrollees to the exchanges are people who previously had other types of coverage. So we just focus on that for a second. It's a relatively small increase in the number of covered patients. And many of those exchange products, even though the patients qualify for premium subsidies, have significant deductibles and the patients may or may not qualify for deductible subsidies. So you may actually have people coming from their prior insurance and having a less attractive product through the exchange. The premium may be lower but the deductibles may be higher. I'm sure you saw it in the paper yesterday, the concern expressed about the narrowing of networks through the exchanges and the number of physicians who are not going to be participating. And so I think the impact of the exchange is very much a question mark. And then the third area where I think, indisputably, there's been growth is Medicaid and Medicaid expansion. Obviously, as you know both from a price perspective and getting back in to these molecular pathology issues, those are somewhat positive, somewhat negative and very hard to quantify in the near term. So for 2014, not assuming anything material, positive or negative, from reform. In the long run, Tom, I still think reform is a positive because of all the things that we've talked about, it's going to favor the most efficient provider, it's going to favor the scale of provider, it's going to favor the provider who's able to deliver the highest quality in the most cost-effective manner. And think if you add onto that, all of the other strategic initiatives that we've been pursuing, the knowledge services, the LBS, we're going to be very, very well-positioned to capitalize on the opportunities that reform brings us. So I view it, long term, as definitely a positive for LabCorp.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. Dave, you had mentioned, I think 2 or 3 times, that the managed care revenue per requisition was up year-over-year. I thought maybe the second time you actually quantified that but you said it quickly, so I wasn't sure if I missed that.
David P. King: No, I did not quantify it quickly or slowly.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Would you be willing to, or you're not going to disclose that?
David P. King: No, we're not going to -- for practical and competitive reasons, there's really no reason to disclose it, but it was up year-over-year and flat quarter-over-quarter.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. On the acquisition opportunities you were talking about, you had mentioned you thought health care reform continue to drive acquisition opportunities. Just more specifically, is there any type of your historic business that you think it becomes more active? Is there any type of your historic business that you wouldn't be interested in? For example, would you still be willing to buy an AP business? And then also what are your latest thoughts on international?
David P. King: There's nothing in our historic business that has become less attractive or less interesting. I actually think the right anatomic pathology assets might be more attractive now that they've been for the last couple of years just because the payment reduction to the 88305 code has reversed a lot of physician in-sourcing. Some of the business practices that we were not comfortable with had been weeded out of the marketplace by competitive pressures and others. And again, the anatomic pathology is an area in which I think scale is starting to become a greater advantage than it has been in the past. The key question there, Gary, is just valuation. We're not going to overpay for these assets and so we got to make sure that if we're looking at anatomic pathology assets, that we're looking at the right assets and that the price range is right. In terms of international, as I've said a number of times in the last couple of months, I think the international market is probably more attractive to us than it has been historically, simply because there are growth opportunities there and it helps us to diversify our revenue base away from kind of our traditional revenue base and specifically helps us to reduce the percentage of revenue that comes from the government. I will be clear that we are not contemplating some big international transaction. I think when we talk about being interested in international opportunity, there's a -- the question is can we do it in a "capital light" way. So can we do it with partners? Can we do it without big investments? Can we focus on markets where there's high population density, good transportation, good understanding of the value of diagnostics, the environment is not a politically or economically-corrupt environment? So there are some specific things we're looking for around the potential for international expansion, but it's very much something that we're thinking through.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's very helpful. If I could just do one more. I thought the quarter looked really unique, actually, from an expense-control perspective. If we look at COGS per requisition, flat, year-over-year. I think that's the first time in 5 years that we've seen that in the model. So I know you've touched on potential new cost initiatives for 2014. But could you just talk about just kind of what your base assumptions are right now for cost of good inflation in '14 and G&A inflation in '14?
David P. King: Well, the biggest driver of all of our cost inflation is people. And so we just assume -- and I'm not going to give you a specific number, but we assume kind of low single-digit wage inflation as part of our -- as part of the model. We also assumed that if we get improved test mix, that we will see an increase in supply cost trend; that's not because unit price is going up, it's because utilization and mix, if they move positively for us, obviously, there's a supply cost associated with every incremental specimen that we process. The other kind of pressure point from an expense perspective is bad debt, which we've mentioned as we're likely to see a slight increase in 2014. And you can see even in 4Q of 2013 that SG&A was flat, but that was because of the increase to bad debt, if you actually -- or the increase to the reserve. If you actually took that $5 million out of SG&A as a percentage of revenue, would have been down year-over-year. And then we have the whole uncertainty around the implementation of ICD-10 as a potential for us to drive some cost, but it also drives some uncertainty in the model. So we are very much focused on improvement of gross margin. We are very much focused on improvement of SG&A as a percentage of revenue. And I would say if you think about where we look at the cost opportunities being, those are the highest priorities.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask sort of a big-picture question. The pharmacies are clearly placing a greater focus on their role as wellness centers here in the U.S. and not just retail outlets and supply chain partners. So I'm wondering, if you look at that trend and see that as an opportunity, for you to expand your footprint, do partnerships or perhaps as a competitive threat, just wondering if you have a thought on the pharmacies.
David P. King: Isaac, it's Dave. I think the pharmacies and, generally, the in-store clinic models are very interesting in kind of a sense of a petri dish on how we can look at the health care evolving. So you probably remember when the in-store clinic started, managed care discouraged their use, did not pay for them. And there was an evolution of -- and they were -- as a result, they had a very tough time getting off the ground. And you can probably remember multiple grocery store and pharmacy chains that started these clinics and then closed them because they weren't generating any profits from them. As managed care's view evolved to this is a way to keep people out of the emergency room, it's a way to keep people from additional doctor visits for things like earaches and infections and even things as like flu shots, kind of simple levels of care, you saw that clinics start to gain some traction in the marketplace. I guess, I think it remains to be seen whether they're going to be able to and beyond sort of routine services like sore throats, ear infections, flu shots, other types of vaccinations. I will say, historically, the amount of laboratory work done on these clinics has been very small. And I think it'll be interesting to watch the trend and see whether it is an opportunity, whether it is a threat or whether it is -- whether it continues to be very -- have very little impact on the clinical laboratory business in general.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. That's helpful. And just follow-up more specifically on the BRCA opportunity. Can you maybe give us a qualitative sense of payor willingness to adopt some of the new offerings, either from yourselves or others? I'm just trying to get a sense of whether you think the market will expand as a result of some of these new entrants and better awareness of BRCA testing in general, or if it's really more of a dynamic where you think there'll be chipping away of share from the incumbents.
David P. King: I think the payors are absolutely willing to pay. I will say many of them have moved to a pre-authorization model. Again, I think, that's -- with the test of that high value in that specific application, I can understand that. I do think our genetic counseling capability puts us in a unique position to be able to help payors with that pre-authorization model. So I do not see resistance to paying for BRCA assuming that the test ordering guidelines are met. In terms of the market and the potential market expansion, I mean, clearly pricing is being adjusted even as we speak because of the lack of patent protection. But if you look at just the reported quarter that Myriad just had, I mean, they had very sizable growth in tests and revenue. And so that suggests to me that as price comes down, awareness broadens, other competitors enter the marketplace, that there is an expanding market and there is great opportunity. And nobody's really even considered the international market opportunity as we think about the BRCA market broadly. So I think there's good opportunity for us there as there are for others and that we'll see good reimbursement as well.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to go back to the comprehensive enterprise-wide review that you referenced, Dave, a couple of times. Maybe can you just help us understand when you began that review, when you expect to be complete in terms of having a plan or not, to share with us. And specifically, if you can just talk about the kind of folks you've engaged to help with that review.
David P. King: Sure. We began the review basically back in October internally. We've since evaluated some external support as well. And that I really don't have much more to say at this point other than once we have better definition around our plan, we will tell you and that will include timing and what we see as the cost opportunities and the time frame for implementation. So we have -- this is a -- I don't want people to think that we haven't been looking at cost historically, because we have. But again, given the environment and given the guidance, we felt that it was very important to really take an in-depth detailed look at all of our expenses and where there might be opportunity for us to resize them.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And so just to be clear, is this something you'd expect in the first half to have some better definition around? Is that the right time frame to be thinking about?
David P. King: Yes. I think that's the right time frame.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then if I could just ask you, Dave, just about the fee schedule and the 2015 and beyond re-basing process, I guess, I'd be curious just to get, from your perspective, what are the key priorities here? I think the original proposal was that this would be a 5-year process, but it's not clear that, that's the case in the final rule. Is there any sort of indication that they may tackle a certain number of tests per year? Can you just give us a sense for what may be your priorities, ACLA's priorities are and how you think this might be framed by CMS?
David P. King: Sure. So at the outset, Darren, we all recognized that the entire health care system, including CMS, are focused on reducing the cost of care. And we've been focused on that for a long time, so it's no surprise that in thinking about potential ways to reduce the cost of care, everybody is thinking about what providers are paid. I will say that -- and we can spend a lot of time on this, which we're not going to, but I will say that if you look at what the lab industry is getting paid in real dollars versus what they have historically gotten paid in real dollars, we've -- I think a test that we are getting paid $10 in the 1990s for, we're now getting paid about $6 for and we took a huge reimbursement cut this year, $55 million, which represented almost 1% of our company revenue. And others took the same cut. So I put that in the -- to give some context to these discussions about the clinical lab fee schedules. What we are looking for at ACLA -- what we are looking for as an industry and what I am looking for, is a fair process. And I'll say it again, a fair process. The process of reimbursement adjustment that has occurred over the past several years has not been a fair process. It has not been a transparent process, it's been an arbitrary process. We are perfectly willing to engage in a fair process with CMS. And in fact, we, as an industry, have been suggesting for years, a negotiated rule making around the fee schedule with transparency and fairness because one could argue that there are some tests on the fee schedule that the technology has improved dramatically and the ability to run those tests has improved dramatically for some labs, not all labs and that there would be a reason to adjust the price. On the other hand, there are many tests on the fee schedule that didn't exist at the time that the fee schedule was initially created and those tests that are being grossly underpaid by comparison with what we receive from other payors. So we would like to have a fair process in which there is transparency and engagement by the government in reviewing this fee schedule. Now -- and I just go back to this TRICARE example again and I don't mean to dwell on it, but I go back to this TRICARE example of a test that's been paid for, for years, is suddenly not paid for and there's a scramble on the part of the government agency to explain and come up with a rationalization for why they've decided to stop paying for standard-of-care of testing that they've been paying for, for years on end. There's no transparency. It's a completely opaque decision-making process. There's no rationality to it and that's not good for everybody. It's not good for the government, it's not good for the industry, it's not good for the patients, which at the end of the day, that's who we're here for, the patients. So we've been working with Congress on a proposal to make this a fair process, to limit the number of codes that could be reduced in a given year, to make sure that there are transparent inputs and outputs from the process, to limit the percentage reductions to a particular CPT code that could be done on a given year. And this is very much a work-in-process. And I think ACLA has done a terrific job and the industry has done a terrific job coming together. The proposal is supported by AdvaMedDx and by the 21st Century Coalition and by the Clinical Lab Coalition. So the industry has done a terrific job of coming together to put a constructive and responsible proposal in front of Congress and I hope it will be met with a constructive and responsible response.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a few follow-up questions here. So first of all, on the top line growth in the quarter, I think that you said that 2% was organic and 5% was reported. I think that implies that you've had some pretty significant tuck-in acquisitions. So can you give us some more -- some color on how many tuck-in acquisitions did you do throughout the year, because we might have missed something. And, again, to confirm that the guidance really does not include any in the future.
William B. Hayes: Ricky, it's Brad. I'll start. One thing that -- one of things to get from 5% to 2% is year-over-year, from a volume-growth perspective, weather was a tailwind. We had Sandy last year. We did have weather this year, which we called out as part of our EPS because we did not expect that in our guidance. But year-over-year, that is an easier comp. The drugs-of-abuse testing business we had an acquisition in that we are excluding there from our reported to get to our organic. And then as Dave mentioned earlier, the drugs-of-abuse testing business is a strong contributor to that 2% organic.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So when you think about what's kind of like true from acquisitions in the quarter, can you quantify that for us? Because you had easy comps, right, you have organic growth and then you have the acquisitions.
David P. King: Ricky, it's Dave. Again, I just think going into every bit and piece of every number isn't particularly constructive. As Brad said, the acquisitions, particularly in the toxicology area, helped us, the weather helped us. I go back to the numbers; we had 5% reported volume growth and 2% of it was organic and we're quite pleased with that.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then my next question would be around managed care. And we're hearing so much about the talk about move from fee-for-service to risk-sharing and outcome-based reimbursement. How does lab reimbursement fit into that?
David P. King: Well, I think we need to create a distinction between what we're hearing about and what's happening in the marketplace. So everybody is talking about bundled payments and value-based reimbursement and all of these things. However, in the real world, our capitated revenue is, I believe, about 4% of total revenue, 3% of total revenue. And it is not increased; it's actually been decreasing. So as I talked to my colleagues who run health systems, they're talking about 5% or less, in the largest case maybe 10% of their business are on some kind of a bundled payment demonstration plan. That does not include, obviously, the DRG and the outpatient prospective payment and the daily rates that they're paid. So it's a very small component of the business today. And while there is great discussion about it growing over time, I think there are a lot of obstacles to this whole -- to the whole bundled payment methodology growing over time, including how do you deal with catastrophic events, how do physicians get fairly reimbursed or health systems get fairly reimbursed in a risk-sharing model where an unexpected risk occurs. So there's a lot to be worked out. And I think the notion that there's going to be this very rapid migration to some sort of bundled payment or capitated system is really misplaced. Having said that, in any kind of a fee-per-value payment system, the payments are going to be based on the value that you bring and the value that the lab brings is 3% of health care spend, driving 70% to 80% of decisions. The value that the laboratory brings is a highly cost-effective way to diagnose and treat disease. The value that LabCorp brings is high-quality, efficiency, low-cost and all of the other innovations that we have built around laboratory services like the CKD program, like decision-support, like the LBS. So I think fee-for-value is a great for LabCorp because we bring an enormous amount of value, particularly by comparison with other providers of lab services, including much higher-priced providers. So we're excited about that opportunity. And as I said earlier, in the long term, health care reform has to be a positive for us if it works at all.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JP Morgan.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Dave, just to follow-up on one of your earlier comments around LBS and the new relationship with United in Florida. Can you maybe just talk in terms of growth drivers around BeaconLBS and what are the opportunities, number one; and number two, just remind us how you -- what the revenue model is and the profit model around that piece of business?
David P. King: So we haven't talked about the revenue or the profit model and we won't in detail, except to say that the revenue model is based on -- the revenue model for BeaconLBS is based on a fee for the service provided and then a shared savings opportunity in terms of helping United to improve its laboratory spending trend. In terms of how it works and what the opportunity is, BeaconLBS provides front-end decision-support tools for key tests identified by payors that they are concerned about, typically growth in utilization trend or growth in expense trend. All of the front-end utilization tools are designed by an independent group of physicians and medical personnel. And they are implemented in accordance with the payor's desires. And the opportunity is twofold. One, it's to bring into the BeaconLBS network RVUs that are now going outside the network to higher cost providers and, often, to providers that don't have the quality standards that the payors would like. And second of all is to help manage the utilization of higher-value tests and make sure that, just like with BRCA pre-authorization, that the standards for those tests are being met.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And so, Dave, when we think about that and you think about the list of drugs, do you -- I'm sorry, of lab tests, should we be thinking about this as almost like a lab formulary as being part of this outside entity making the decisions around what is the best lab test and where it should be done? And will this only be adopted via BeaconLBS clients, or do you think that this is something that's going to be more widespread adopted across the lab industry over time?
David P. King: I don't think you should think of it as a formulary, because a formulary is really a structure to say you have to use -- as I understand a formulary, it's a structure that sort of says you have to use this drug and you can't use that drug. You should think of it as a decision-support tool that says if you want to use this test, these are the criteria for ordering it. And these criteria are not set by LabCorp or anybody else, they're set by this independent group and they're implemented by BeaconLBS. So I think of it more that way than a pure formulary. And the opportunity over time depends, first of all, on us getting BeaconLBS to be successful in the test market. And second of all, I'm showing that it can do the things that we're committed to, which are making sure that we're getting the highest quality, lowest cost and most -- and best practical utilization of lab testing, which I feel good that we'll be able to do.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So based on those comments, so you wouldn't expect a material change in overall utilization of lab test, just potentially where they're done and the quality of the test that's done, is that the right way to think about it?
David P. King: Yes, I don't -- I mean, obviously, it's too early to tell because this has only been a product that's been beta-tested. So I think it's hard to say, yes, we expect a material change in utilization. I think the idea is to make sure that utilization meets the guidelines for ordering particular tests. And I think, as it become standard in almost every area of health care except laboratory services, which is before you can utilize -- before you can do a procedure you got to make sure that it meets the guidelines -- the practice guidelines for performing that procedure. So we're at 10 past the hour here and we're going to wrap it up in the next 5 minutes. I'd like to encourage you, if your question has already been answered, please don't ask it again. And let's try to limit ourselves to things that will be new.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just thought I might ask you about large payor contract renewals. You haven't talked about that in a while. How does 2014 shape up relative to the last year or 2?
David P. King: A.J., it's Dave. We don't have any significant renewals coming up this year, so nothing to report on that front.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And if I could just slip in just real quick competition on the independents. You commented on the competition in the hospital outreach area. Anything to say about independents and regionals. I know Solstas just traded hands. Do you see more acquisition opportunities? Is the competitive environment easing in any way there?
David P. King: Well, I think there's going to be acquisition opportunities. The key questions are going to be, does it complement our geographic footprint, does it complement our test menu, is the valuation reasonable? And we'll continue to look at those and try to select the right -- the ones that fit our model best.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bryan Brokmeier with Maxim Group.
Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Dave, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you introduced 152 new tests in 2013, which is up from 123 in 2012. And consistent with the longer-term trend of adding, increasing number of the tests each year, do you expect that the number of new tests introduced in 2014 to again increase? And what impact does the current molecular pathology payment issues have on types of tests you introduce?
David P. King: I would expect the number of test introductions to be about the same. I mean, it typically is in that 125 to 150 new tests. And, look, as I think you can tell, I am extremely frustrated about the molecular pathology payment issues, but I will go back to the thing that I said before, which is we're here for the patients, we're here for the physicians, our job is to get clinically-relevant valuable tests into the market and we're not going to stop doing it because we get resistance from payors. We're going to have to figure out how to make sure that we get paid for the innovation that we're doing but we're not going to stop innovating because we're getting resistance to reimbursement.
Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: And to follow-up, I think, it was on Gary's question on international. Canada, I believe, is about 6% of your total revenues. If you also include your U.K. forensics business and clinical trials and any other international revenues you have, what percent of revenues is international today and where would you like to see those go in 3 years?
David P. King: If I had to give you an off the -- so first of all, we already do business in 40 countries, so we are an international company although we don't have sizable international presence anywhere other than in Canada. If I had to give you a round number for our international business, I would say it's probably in the range of 8% to 10% of revenue. And where would I like to see it be in 5 years? I'd like to see it be 20% of revenue. But I'm not committing that it's going to be 20% revenue. I'm saying that is where would like to see it be through taking advantage of the right opportunities and growing where the growing markets are.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny with ISI Group.
Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Any thoughts on tax rate for the year?
David P. King: No.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo, Robert W. Baird.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones. Would you be willing to share the implementation costs of ICD-10? You called that out as not being in your guidance. But is that really a cost risk that you see, or is it more an operational disruption risk? And my second question is just on the investment income, the $7.2 million in the quarter, looks just a little high. Anything unusual there?
David P. King: Whit, it's Dave. I'm going to let Brad do the investment income. On the ICD-10, I think there's a cost of implementation and that's in the $5 million to $10 million range. But I want you to recognize that, that cost has been an ongoing cost. We have spent an enormous amount of money already on ICD 10 so it's just the incremental cost in 2014 is in the $5 million to $10 million range. The risk that we've identified with ICD-10 is just that there's disruption; there's payor disruption, there's cash flow disruption. As you probably know, there's only 1 week, to my knowledge, there's only 1 week or 2 weeks of government payor testing for ICD-10 before implementation. And I think if we look at the health care reform implementation experience, that's enough to cause me a lot of concern about whether the government's going to be ready from their side to receive ICD-10. So that's a high-level sense of the cost and the risk.
William B. Hayes: And on the investment income line, nothing specific jumps out as a driver there.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jose Haresco with JMP Securities.
Jose T. Haresco - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Just as a follow-up on the BRCA questions. You said that they -- excuse me, payors are requiring pre-authorization. But how are you thinking, or what are you assuming about pricing over the next year or 2 given -- from private payors, given that CMS has reduced or at least looks like it's going to permanently reduce pricing for BRCA 1?
David P. King: We don't -- it's too early to tell what pricing is going to be, so rather than make assumptions about it, we're going to perform some tests, get them authorized, see what pricing comes in and then we'll be able to give you a better sense.
Jose T. Haresco - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. And sort of as a follow-up, as you think about your entering of the market, do have a sense or do you have a sense that some early talks with physicians or your customers what type of specialist groups you think you're going to get the biggest traction with?
David P. King: Well, I think, there's women's health. I think there's a relatively significant amount of this type of testing that's ordered from primary care. Those would probably my 2 biggest hypotheses for where the demand's going to come from.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Bill Bonello with Craig-Hallum.
William B. Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Just -- and maybe this is sort of to sum everything up. But obviously, from everything you've talked today, Dave, you're going to be facing price pressure from CMS at the least over the next 5 years probably, whether it's in a reasonable or unreasonable fashion. So when you take that in mind, or keep that in mind, do you think beyond 2014 that you can achieve operating income growth? And if so, what's kind of an acceptable level of growth for you even knowing that there's cuts and what's key to get there?
David P. King: Well, absolutely, I think, we can achieve operating income growth. And I'll give you 4 things that I think are critically important to doing that and then we really are going to finish. One, is share gain. So whether it's through acquisitions or whether it's through gaining share from hospitals or whether it's through better selling, we need to continue to gain share because it takes advantage of the scale on the business. Two, is our test mix. So the toxicology business drives great volume growth, but from a price and revenue per requisition perspective, it doesn't give us as many dollars of profit per test. So we need to continue to work, as we've talked about throughout the call, on innovation, on new tests, on things that are going to give us the opportunity to improve mix and that will help us to grow operating income. Historically, we have benefited from the price driven by mix. And if you look at this year, as we said, mix was a drag on price by 2% in the fourth quarter and by 1% for the full year. So normally, that goes the other way and we got to change that dynamic. Three, diversification of our revenue base. We've talked about international on this call. We think there are many other opportunities around our data, around our genetic counseling, to monetize things that currently are -- we are not monetizing and to use those to gain greater share and greater attraction to customers. LBS is another area in which we've talked about on this call as a way to diversify our revenue base. So that's the third point of how we're going to get back to operating income growth. And the fourth point is the expense side. And we absolutely are going to have to take some actions to reduce expenses, to rightsize the business given what we're seeing in terms of the demand and the environment. And so the answer to your question, Bill, is absolutely, we can grow operating income. We have a clear plan for how we're going to do that and we've got to execute it. And I look forward to updating you on future calls on how we're doing that.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. I would now turn the call over to Mr. David King for closing remarks.
David P. King: Thank you very much for listening, and we appreciate your time this morning and hope you have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David P. King - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Stephen Anderson William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Adam T. Feinstein - Senior Vice President of Corporate Development & Strategic Planning
Analysts: Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Hima B. Inguva - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division William B. Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division William B. Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Dane Leone - Macquarie Research Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Nicholas Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2013 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. My name is Clinton, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to hand the call over to David King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed, sir.
David P. King: Thank you, Clinton. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Third Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; Adam Feinstein, Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our third quarter 2013 financial results, update our 2013 guidance, discuss the payment landscape, highlight our progress on our Five Pillar Strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
Stephen Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our website, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS, excluding amortization; free cash flow; and adjusted operating income. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect the company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2012 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I will review 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. I'll also update our 2013 guidance. First, cash flow. Our cash flow continues to be solid, although year-to-date, it continued to be impacted by delays in payment and denials of coverage for existing tests by some payors after implementation of recently adopted molecular pathology codes. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended September 30, 2013 were $620.2 million. DSO at the end of September was 50 days, which was flat sequentially and remains elevated due to our experience with the molecular pathology codes to which I just referred, increased utilization by uninsured patients and increased patient billing due to plan design changes. During the quarter, our bad debt remained 4.3%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 3% year-over-year in the third quarter. During the quarter, total company volume increased 5.1%. Organic volume increased approximately 2% year-over-year, primarily from our toxicology business. Revenue per requisition decreased to 1.9% year-over-year. Revenue per requisition decreased year-over-year due largely to previously discussed government payment reductions, payment issues related to molecular pathology codes and strong growth in our toxicology business. Third, margin. For the third quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 17% compared to 18.2% in the third quarter of 2012. Margins were negatively affected by Medicare payment reductions, delays and denials of coverage by some payors after the implementation of recently adopted molecular pathology codes and the implementation of sequestration on April 1. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of September, we had cash of $174.1 million and $372 million of borrowings outstanding under our $1 billion credit facility. During the third quarter, we repurchased $288 million of stock, representing 2.9 million shares. During the first 9 months of 2013, the company repurchased $763.9 million of stock, representing 7.9 million shares. At the end of September, $304 million of repurchase authorization remained under our share repurchase program. Our share repurchase activity during the third quarter reflects our continued disciplined capital allocation program and commitment to return capital to our shareholders. This morning, we announced that LabCorp's Board of Directors authorized an additional $1 billion share repurchase program. This morning, we updated our 2013 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of approximately 3%; adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, of $6.95 to $7.05; operating cash flow of approximately $825 million to $850 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $210 million. The guidance includes the negative impact of approximately $0.35 due to Medicare payment reductions. In addition, the guidance includes the negative impact of molecular pathology payment issues, which is not included in the $0.35 that I just mentioned. The guidance excludes the impact of any share repurchase activity after September 30, 2013. The company's capital expenditure guidance is higher than historical levels due to near-term investments in facility consolidation and the replacement of a major testing platform. I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Brad. We are very pleased with our third quarter results. During the quarter, we grew revenue 3%, we grew volume 5.1%, and organic volume by approximately 2%, a notable achievement in this environment. We continue to execute well on our key growth initiatives. We maintained pricing discipline. And this morning, we announced that LabCorp's Board of Directors authorized an additional $1 billion share repurchase program. This authorization clearly demonstrates our commitment to our stated capital allocation objectives and continuing to return more capital to our shareholders. I would now like to provide an update on our payment landscape. We continue to maintain our disciplined approach to managed care pricing. Our payment experience with respect to the recently implemented molecular pathology codes has improved, but remains challenging. As we noted last quarter, we are experiencing delays in the pricing and coverage decisions related to these codes among various payors including Medicaid, Medicare, TRICARE and commercial carriers. These coverage decisions are contrary to long-established standards of care and will ultimately be harmful to patients. We continue to work diligently with payors to address these payment issues, and ACLA and our industry colleagues are fully engaged. These delays and denials of coverage had a negative impact on revenue; price; operating income; adjusted EPS, excluding amortization; and cash flow during the first 9 months of 2013. And this is incorporated in our 2013 guidance. Once again, the industry is being harmed and the harm is not only to LabCorp, but also to hospital labs, academic labs and other independent labs. Our industry cannot and should not be expected to provide critical services to patients without receiving payment. I would now like to update our progress on each aspect of our Five Pillar Strategy. The first pillar of our strategy is that we deploy capital to investments that enhance our business and return capital to shareholders. We repurchased $288 million of our stock during the quarter, representing 2.9 million shares. This brings our total repurchase activity for 2013 to approximately $764 million, representing 7.9 million shares. Our share repurchase to-date brings us closer to our target leverage ratio of 2.5x net-debt-to-EBITDA. In addition, the acquisition pipeline remains attractive. We remain focused on finding the best strategic fits for our business, while maintaining a disciplined approach to valuation. We believe that acquisitions will be an increasingly attractive way to expand our test menu and geographic footprint for the next several years. The second pillar of our strategy is to enhance our IT capabilities to improve the physician and patient experience. We are pleased to announce that Baroma Inc., the parent company to the first accountable care organization to participate in the Medicare shared savings program in Miami-Dade County Florida, has adopted LabCorp's Beacon analytics platform. After reviewing multiple software products, Baroma charge -- Baroma chose our Beacon analytics platform to help them unify the multiple components of population health management. Baroma will use the scalability and connectivity of LabCorp's analytics solutions to provide primary care physicians with complete access to their patients' health care picture. Beacon analytics solutions will aid Baroma and other providers in reducing expenses, improving outcomes and enhancing patient satisfaction. We continue to help customers analyze their population health and clinical practice data with new tools for hospitals, physician practices and ACOs, supplemented with insights derived from our extensive patient database through our Beacon analytics platform. This platform includes more than 600 clinical quality measures covering MSSP and Physician Quality Reporting System requirements. We also continue to improve our tools that assist physicians and patients in better understanding test results and optimizing their decision-making. Patient registrations on our portal continue to grow. Looking ahead, we are expanding the conditions covered by comprehensive clinical reports that integrate and track test results for at-risk patients. Consistent with our knowledge strategy, we are providing health care stakeholders knowledge products that optimize decision-making, improve health outcomes and reduce treatment costs. The third pillar of our strategy is to continue to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services. Our initial installation of our Propel robot in our Burlington campus is now complete. Propel represents a significant investment in innovation that will decrease our labor expense, increase throughput and accuracy, and enhance specimen management and quality metrics in the lab. Construction on our new Phoenix campus is complete. We began consolidation activity and testing operations at this campus in late September. And we will continue consolidating additional labs into this facility through the remainder of the year. We have also commenced the installation of our new automated chemistry platform. The first wave of this enterprise-wide install has been completed in our Burlington and San Diego labs. Our Raritan lab will begin conversion later this fall. These instruments, enabled by advanced software systems, will increase testing throughput and reduce labor and supply expenses. The fourth pillar of our strategy is to continue scientific innovation at reasonable and appropriate pricing. We introduced new tests and collaborate with leading companies and academic institutions to provide our physicians and patients with the most scientifically advanced testing in our industry. As we stated last quarter, we will enter the BRCA testing market and we are laying the groundwork and building the database to support the launch of this test during the fourth quarter. Our BRCA test and the genetic counseling services accompanying it will be powerful tools for the assessment of breast cancer risk. With 150 genetic counselors on staff, LabCorp has, by far, the world's largest community of skilled professionals trained to analyze, assess and interpret genetic test results and communicate them in a meaningful way to physicians and patients. In addition to our next-generation sequencing offerings for familial cardiac diseases and the preclinical and clinical development of new HIV and HCV antiviral drugs, we are pleased to announce that we will offer our first multigene oncology panel on the NGS platform later this year. The panel improved the sensitivity and detection rates for somatic mutations in cancer, assessing more than 2,700 mutations within 50 APA genes and tumor-suppressor genes. The panel has utility mainly in patients with solid tumors, but include some specific applications in leukemia and lymphoma, which can help guide physicians in their treatment decisions for these cancers. Over the next several quarters, we will offer more comprehensive oncology panels that include additional content covering liquid tumors, gene rearrangements and prognostic and predictive markers. We will also offer additional targeted tests, such as a test for Lynch Syndrome, which is an inherited genetic condition associated with increased risk of colorectal cancer. Important components to our NGS oncology offerings are 2 companion diagnostic tests associated with new cancer drugs. We recently launched the cobas EGFR Mutation Test, a real-time PCR assay designed to detect deletion mutations in exon 19 and the substitution mutation, L858R, in exon 21. The cobas EGFR Mutation Test is used as a companion diagnostic for Tarceva, and the targeted population is likely to experience clinical benefits compared to patients treated with chemotherapy. In addition, we recently launched the therascreen KRAS test, which is the only FDA-approved companion diagnostic for use with ERBITUX in patients with KRAS-mutation-negative, wild-type, epidermal growth factor receptor expressing metastatic colorectal cancer. Therascreen KRAS detects the 7 KRAS mutations that have proven clinical applications. The fifth pillar of our strategy is to integrate our offerings into emerging health care delivery models. Our strategy to become a knowledge partner has spurred our development of new products and capabilities. We are very pleased to announce that BeaconLBS recently signed an agreement with UnitedHealthcare to implement its products in Florida. We anticipate implementation in the latter half of 2014, and we are excited about the benefits to patients, physicians and employer groups. We look forward to updating you on this important initiative over the next several quarters. In the era of health care reform, the critical components of success will be quality, cost and a central role in improving patient outcomes. LabCorp is uniquely positioned to achieve these goals in the years to come. Now Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Stephen Anderson: Thank you, Dave. Can you elaborate on LabCorp's capital allocation policy? As we have stated throughout 2013, we are committed to achieving a 2.5x net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio. We have taken steps toward this goal over the last 2 quarters. Based on our capital allocation history, we target half of our free cash flow for acquisitions and half for share repurchase. In the absence of a large acquisition over the next year, we would anticipate using additional leverage to repurchase shares. We have a strong history of returning capital to our shareholders. Over the last decade, we have repurchased $5.3 billion of our stock, representing 79.7 million shares at a price of approximately $67. Why are capital expenditures expected to be so high in 2013? We typically spend approximately 3% of revenue on capital expenditures. Our capital expenditure increase in 2013 is driven by near-term investments in facility consolidation and replacement of a major testing platform. What is included in, and excluded from, your 2013 guidance? Our 2013 guidance includes the negative impact of approximately $0.35 due to Medicare payment reductions. In addition, our guidance includes the negative impact of molecular pathology payment issues, which is not included in the $0.35 that I just mentioned. And our guidance excludes the impact of any share repurchase activity after September 30, 2013. Can you remind us of how drugs-of-abuse volume trended during the year? In the third quarter, our drugs-of-abuse volume increased approximately 14% year-over-year, excluding the impact of the MEDTOX acquisition. This compares to a year-over-year increase of 10.6% in Q2 of 2013, 10.2% in Q1 of 2013 and 6.8% in Q4 of 2012. We also delivered strong year-over-year growth this quarter in our wellness and pain management businesses, which fall within our occupational testing services operations. We believe wellness and pain management testing will provide a great growth opportunity for LabCorp over the next several years. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Steve, and thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman of Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: [indiscernible] of the molecular pathology payment issues?
David P. King: Gary, sorry, the only thing we heard in your question was molecular pathology payment issues. Can you state it again, please?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Sorry, I was wondering if you could quantify what the negative impact is from it for the year?
David P. King: No. We haven't quantified it specifically,, in large part because our hope is we'll see continued improvement. So I'm just not prepared to do that right now.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But conceivably, if the issues get worked out, are you optimistic that you could recoup the payments that you haven't received or you think it would only be fixed sort of going forward?
David P. King: I think we feel that if the issues are worked out, we have the opportunity to recoup the payments that we -- that have been delayed.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And are you optimistic that happens before the end of the year or you think it takes longer than that?
David P. King: I think some of it would be resolved by the end of the year and some of it will go over into next year. There are multiple payors, multiple issues, it's a complex discussion. We've had a terrific team working on it from our side and we've had great collaboration in terms of the payors being willing to listen to us and try to work with us, but I don't think it's realistic to think we'll get it all resolved in the next couple of months.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on the volume experience, it seems like your experience is somewhat more positive than your largest competitor. Do you think that -- do you think you guys are taking share or what -- what, if anything, do you think you could attribute that to?
David P. King: I'm not going to speculate on things like taking share. I'm going to tell you that I think our volume experience is based on exceptional operational focus and execution. We have a terrific team of senior leaders in this company, starting from the men and women who run the operating divisions, going down through the sales leadership, going down to the sales force feet on the street. And we have been talking to them throughout 2013 about the importance of growth. And what you're seeing is just excellent execution, excellent blocking and tackling on a day-to-day basis in every aspect of our business, and that's where the volume is coming from.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So maybe if I ask it another way. Do you feel like you guys are growing faster than the overall market or is the growth accelerated from last year? How do you feel about that?
David P. King: I think the utilization environment has improved. I think some of the initiatives that we've put in place, particularly around things like our wellness testing, are bearing fruit. And again, I think we are focusing on the growth opportunities. And with everybody's shoulder to the wheel on the operational team, we're performing very well.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Hima Inguva of Bank of America.
Hima B. Inguva - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I would like to know your thoughts on consolidation within lab space. Your main competitor has been reporting soft quarters the past few quarters, so I would like to know if you would be open to a large transformation acquisition if a right strategic target comes along?
David P. King: I think we are always open to acquisitions. And acquisitions have historically been an important part of the first pillar of our strategy, based both on the ability to expand our test menu and on the ability to expand our footprint. So we're open to the opportunity to make any acquisition that will benefit our long-term strategy. The key factors are: is the asset attractive, is it strategic for us and is the valuation appropriate. And within those parameters, we would consider whatever came along that would be interesting to us.
Hima B. Inguva - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And as a follow-up, do you have any target range in terms of size and your commitment to investment grade ratings?
David P. King: Well, target range in terms of size, as we have historically mentioned, we think about -- in a typical year, or I should say in kind of a -- over a typical period of years, that half of our free cash flow goes to acquisitions and half of it goes to share repurchase. Obviously, we have done some sizable transactions in the past. We are proud of -- and our investment-grade credit rating, we think it remains important in this environment. And it's always something that we take into consideration when we think about transactions.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello of Craig-Hallum.
William B. Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. Brad, are you going to buy a baseball team?
William B. Hayes: Good question, Bill. Probably not. I might work in the stands there.
William B. Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Got it. I think that would be fitting. Couple of other questions. Just a follow-up on the molecular coding question, I just want to make sure I understand the accounting there. I know you got into this a little bit last quarter, I think it was. But am I right that for at least some of these denials or delays, you are not recording the revenues. So you're performing the test, you're not recording the revenue, you're incurring the expense. So that if you did eventually get paid, that would just sort of flow through to pretax or is that a misunderstanding?
William B. Hayes: Bill, this is Brad. That's a correct understanding. I mean, given the situation and the uncertainty, we have recorded reserves against that revenue based on what we think we're ultimately going to collect, but a lot of that has a pessimistic view on it, given what we've heard recently. But we continue to work with payors, as Dave said, in a very focused way. And it is payor-by-payor to get a more favorable outcome of the initial reactions. I would say that, generally speaking, and again it's different for every payor, but generally speaking, the updates that I get on a very regular basis suggest that a number of payors are still being educated on exactly what the change was. So even though we're in October of this year, we're still spending a lot of time educating payors on what happened, what was it like last year, what is it like this year, and are working to have that turn in our favor.
William B. Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then, Dave, just wondering if you could add a little bit more color on the Baroma and UNH relationships? Maybe give us some sense of how that economic model works and whether there's any kind of a network component to what you're doing with either of those organizations?
David P. King: Well, Bill, with Baroma, it's the parent company of Medicare Shared Savings ACO. There is an economic component. I'm not prepared to discuss it separately, but I think it's an economic component that will be rewarding both for us and for Baroma. And with BeaconLBS, again, as we said, we've -- BeaconLBS has signed the contract with United. Implementation will be in 2014 and we'll give updates as we get closer to the implementation date in terms of what that entails and what it means. But again, we see the opportunity to benefit physicians, patients and employer groups in the administration of lab services in that market.
William B. Bonello - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. But not -- don't -- I mean, should we -- it sounds like you just don't want to say maybe yet or don't know but, I mean, it could potentially just be the analytical support piece or -- and not some kind of preferred lab network or -- I mean, just trying to think how we would think about that?
David P. King: Let's say that I prefer not to say.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Dave, you mentioned that you would bring the BRCA test to launch in the fourth quarter. Can you maybe just talk about what your expectations would be as far as garnering market share around that test as we move through '14?
David P. King: It's a big day for questions about market share, isn't it, Lisa? We have some assessment of what we think the market is and what we think the opportunity is. And I don't think it benefits anybody to -- well, I don't think it benefits us to kind of go into a lot of detail about that. Let me just say that I think there is a desire in the market for alternatives. We are very focused on not only the validation of this test, but particularly, the ability to call the variance of unknown significance. The genetic counselors provide us with, I think, a substantial differentiation in the marketplace, and we have not only the largest, but I think the best, terrific team of genetic counselors to support our reproductive genetic works. So I think there will be the opportunity to make a substantial impact in that market and we look forward to the launch of the test when we're satisfied that we're ready.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And then my second question would just be around the Affordable Care Act and moving into 2014, especially on the exchange side. Clearly, you have a very large partner in United. But my question is around, one, are there separate contracts for the exchanges? And then secondly, are you seeing narrow networks around the exchanges and would you expect that you'll see an increase in volume based on who your partners are in the market?
David P. King: So far, I don't think we're being asked to contract separately for the exchanges. There has been a lot of talk about the narrowing of networks, but I think this is very much a work in process and I think 2014 will be the year of learning for all of us about the exchanges. I mean, I was certainly reviewing some of the exchange literature recently. And for example, the -- some of the bronze plans have no out-of-network benefit except for emergency room services. The silver and gold plans have higher benefits, which suggest broader networks. So I just really think this is going to be a learning experience for us and for everybody else during 2014. And I think it would be very hard to talk specifically about expectations, but we are committed through our partners to serving the exchanges and look at that in the long term, certainly, as an opportunity for further growth.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And are you still positive, Dave, on the long-term opportunities around ACA?
David P. King: Absolutely. I mean, we're going to have more patients who have coverage, we're going to have fewer uninsured. And we think in -- at LabCorp, about driving innovation across scale, driving opportunity across scale and driving growth across scale. And so more people with insurance coverage gives us more opportunity to grow.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So one follow-up on the molecular diagnostic issues. I mean, set aside the delay in payments. When you kind of like think kind of like forward-looking into 2014, are you now at kind of like a new kind of like re-based with payors, commercial payors, as well, where, in the future, you're just not going to run these additional tests? So just trying to understand kind of like what it means just for the opportunity longer term?
David P. King: Ricky, it's Dave. I think it's too early to talk about how we would address the problem if we ended up being told, "You're just not going to get paid for this," because I'm not prepared to concede at this point that we're not going to get paid. So as I said on the last quarter call and repeated on this call, I would hate to see patients deprived of needed services based on payment policies that are contrary to standards of care and contrary to historic payment policies. And I would hate to see labs put in the position of having to decide whether to perform those services or not. But to go back to Bill's question, we perform the test, we incur the expense, we realize no revenue, that puts us in a difficult situation as well. So it's too early to say definitively how we would address that, but I will say I think it's very important for payors to realize the implications of these decisions and to reconsider whether this is really the outcome that they want for their patients.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then with the first 2 weeks, you kind of talked about this shutdown, the clinical lab fee schedule has been kind of like on hold. Do you have any updates on when we should expect it to be out?
David P. King: I do not, and I don't know whether there'll be any delay as a result of the government shutdown.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich of Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Dave, I guess, first off, could you talk about Canada, kind of what opportunities do you see on the horizon? Specifically, I saw something in the news about Alberta Health Services is planning to maybe privatize its whole lab business and that could be -- it looks like it could be very significant, maybe worth $3 billion over 15 years. Is that something you guys have seen yet?
William B. Hayes: Kevin, this is Brad. Obviously, we've followed that situation closely. We are partners in the private lab that's already in Alberta that has part of that work today. So there is an opportunity for that work to grow based on that proposal that's out there.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And when you say the private lab, you're talking about DynaLIFE, Brad?
William B. Hayes: Yes, yes.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. But that's not majority-owned, though, is that correct?
William B. Hayes: That's correct. Around 44% or so LabCorp owned.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. Got it. And then since I have you, Brad, just wondering, the toxicology business is obviously growing pretty nicely, with wellness and pain management as well. Just wondering, that is lower-price business, right?
William B. Hayes: Yes.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So if we backed out that growth, wondering what your rev-per-req growth would look like? Instead of down 1.9%, would it have been down maybe like 1%? Have you done that math?
William B. Hayes: Yes, we're not sharing exactly those specifics, but it's obviously one of the categories. I mean, the government reductions are probably one significant component, the MoPath issues that we talk about. And then the third is the one you mentioned, that's the growth of business that's roughly half of the average-price business, so it's obviously a large moving part.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Understood. And then, Dave, just kind of conceptually, big picture. I know you believe that the industry will eventually get back to the 4% to 6% organic growth. Just wondering kind of what are your latest thoughts on how far out that could be or how close we could be to getting back to that type of organic growth.
David P. King: Well, I think I have said 4% to 6% top line growth, so there's -- so some of that's revenue, some of that's organic volume, some of that potentially is acquisition volume, Kevin. But my answer is we had a nice quarter from a revenue and a volume perspective here. We had the pricing issues that I think everybody pretty much knew about. But it does give me greater optimism that we're returning to a time in which we would see better top line industry growth. Now as I said before, I think 2014 is going to be a learning year for everybody because of the implementation of the ACA, the exchanges, the challenges that have -- people have experienced so far in signing up for the public exchanges. So I think it's going to be wait-and-see for 2014. But I think we're going to see continued improvement in trends and that -- the center point is lab services are vital to the health care system. They're a fraction of the cost at 2%. They -- the lab values are 50% of the data elements in patient's electronic health records. And our industry is going to continue to be a vital contributor to the improvement of health care in the U.S. And that, to me, implies that we will see top line growth.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Dave, I was interested in your comments regarding the oncology panel you guys are working on. Was hoping you could maybe put some color around your strategy there and anything you could offer with regards to how you plan to price that test and where you think you need to be competitively to be effective in the marketplace in terms of service levels and genetic content, that kind of stuff.
David P. King: I don't think we're prepared to talk about pricing at this point because, obviously, that's a discussion with payors. But I certainly think there is increasing evidence about the value of assessing tumors through next-generation sequencing methodology. I think that our outstanding team of clinicians and scientists has focused on not what's the broadest spectrum that we could test, but what are the key things, the key genes that need to be looked at and the key items within the tumor that need to be evaluated. And in that context, have, as I mentioned, selected these 50 APA genes and tumor-suppressor genes or approximately 50 APA genes and tumor select -- suppressor genes to look at 2,700 important and powerful mutations. So this is our -- this will be our initial launch. We will continue to add content and services. Again, I go back to our genetic counselors, I go back to the number of tests that we perform and the size of the databases that we bring to bear. And I think LabCorp has a very, very important role to play in better diagnosis and treatment of complex cancer.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sure. And if I could just ask a follow-up there. Conceptually, we're still obviously, as you pointed out, learning what these tests can be used for. But it seems to me, structurally, that they're very complicated tests to run. So what I'm interested to know is if you have a strong view as to how much of gene-based cancer diagnostics will be done by centralized labs versus these distributed products, because you've got a lot of sequencing companies trying to come up with kitted versions of cancer diagnostics that might be distributed out to hospital labs. And it just seems like, to me, that this is a market that would really require a more specialized central lab. So do you have a strong view as to sort of how much will get done centralized versus distributed? I'd be interested in that.
David P. King: I agree with your view. I mean, I think it'll -- I think this will be -- these are complex and sophisticated tests. They require a high degree of specialization, and so I think the centralized scale reference laboratory is going to be the obvious place to perform them. I also think that the ability to interpret and deliver the content is going to be absolutely critical, and you're going to need to see enough of these to be able to develop a robust database and robust content. And again, I think we're in an excellent position to do that.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor of Citi.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A couple of questions. First, do you have any update, just kind of on your outlook for the pathology cuts on the physician fee schedule for '14? And anything new since the last call on the possible re-basing of the clinical lab fee schedule in '15?
David P. King: On the OPPS proposal, ACLA and a number of other groups have met with CMS and expressed our views. In addition, a letter went to CMS from -- signed by 115 congressmen. There is a similar letter that is, I believe, being circulated in the Senate or has been sent already, signed by 36 senators, asking CMS to withdraw the proposal. So I think there's been a very, very solid effort to identify the policy issues that, we believe, are not correctly stated within the proposed rule. And I think the fact that 115 members of Congress and 36 senators have agreed with us and signed a letter asking to withdraw the proposal is evidence that we've made substantial progress on that front. In terms of the clinical lab fee schedule proposal, as mentioned previously, the government has been shut down for the last couple of weeks. There are a large number of proposals circulating, and ACLA and the laboratory industry continue to be very, very much involved in trying to shape the discussion about the future of the clinical lab fee schedule.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Two quick questions, maybe for Brad. Is there any chance you could give us acquisition spend for the third quarter?
William B. Hayes: Gary, I don't have that in front of me but it's not a lot. I think year-to-date, it's $100 million. I think in the third quarter, it was very small.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And when you -- I just want to recall correctly, when you talk about kind of the 2% organic volume, MEDTOX is the only thing that's being excluded? Are some of these smaller tuck-in acquisitions included or excluded from that number?
William B. Hayes: Small tuck-in acquisitions would be included in the organic number.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then last question. I know the 4Q earnings guidance excludes any repurchase after the end of the quarter. How much would the diluted share count drop sequentially even if you did no additional share repurchase? In other words, just trying to think about the timing of the repurchase through the -- throughout the third quarter. Would you naturally have an additional sequential decline in share count even without additional share repurchase?
William B. Hayes: Yes, because you'd get the full impact of the ones that we bought in any quarter. That would bring down the share count in a subsequent quarter by being fully outstanding for that amount of time.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Well, off the top of your head, do you have a number in mind for diluted share count? Or what's the diluted share count implied in the 4Q?
William B. Hayes: I don't have that raw off the top of my head. But I mean, if we'd just kind of use a half-quarter convention, you could think that what we bought in the third quarter was half outstanding in the third and would be fully outstanding in the fourth.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Brad, glad to see you're joining Wes Elingburg in that great campground of retirement, but good luck to you there. Question for Dave, just you had a nice return on the FMI investment stake. Is there much behind that in terms of other investments we should focus on, with the equity markets now open and more deals coming out there? And maybe, if not, why isn't that an opportunity for you to make some investments in these technology companies, given your access and view on all of the new thoughts that are out there?
David P. King: Yes, Bob, we have made a number of investments over time and we'll continue to make them. We look at opportunities that we think are interesting from a technological perspective, opportunities that we think are interesting from a testing perspective and opportunities that we think are attractive from a strategic perspective. So we've had -- like most investors, we've had some successes and some failures. We had a couple of nice successes recently, and this will continue to be an important part of our strategy as we think about how we stay abreast of what's going on in the market.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: How many shots on goal, maybe just to help us think about the opportunity? I mean, are there 10 active investments or half that amount? I mean, how do we think about the potential opportunity?
Adam T. Feinstein: Bob, this as Adam. Just -- yes, I mean, if you think about any portfolio, we have several active investments. I don't want to give you a precise number, but from the range you gave, I'd say you're in the right ballpark. So you wouldn't look for us to have hundreds of things out there, so I think the ballpark you gave is accurate. And as Dave said, we continue to look for opportunities that create -- that are strategic for us, and we'll continue to think about that.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy of William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I just had a question on some of the dynamics that we haven't talked about in a little while. But in terms of hospitals buying doc practices and in-sourcing lab testing and then, generally, physicians in-sourcing testing and sort of general follow-up from the TC Grandfather Clause, just curious if you could update us on those 3 dynamics at this point.
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. I mean, I would say that health systems acquiring physicians is a continuing trend. I do think it's diminishing in the sense that a lot of those deals have been done and health systems are now trying to figure out exactly what they're going to do now that they've acquired these practices, and the doctors are trying to figure out what they're going to do. Physician in-sourcing continues to be a -- particularly around pathology, continues to be a theme. Again, I think the most significant part of that has abated, but it's still out there in the marketplace. TC Grandfather, in my mind, is done. It happened. We've absorbed the impact and we've moved on.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it, okay. And then just as a follow-up to Kevin's question earlier on just long-term growth trends or rates in the industry. It used to be that you were able to drive a couple percentage points of revenue-per-req growth, just the mix shift to esoteric testing. I'm just curious, as you're launching some of these newer tests, is that a dynamic that we might see again, not necessarily that growth rate but just an impact from esoteric percentages going up over time?
David P. King: Yes, I think it is. I mean, we don't launch esoteric tests because they're esoteric or because of their price point. We launch them because they are clinically relevant and medically necessary. Certainly, there's the opportunity to see benefit from the mix there. As Brad mentioned, the wellness and pain management testing, while we still get a very nice margin from that testing, on a pure price perspective, is lower than our overall book. And the reductions that we've received from the government are pretty much unprecedented and that has a major impact on revenue per requisition, as well as on margin. So there are many puts and takes to pricing, and positive mix certainly is one of those things that is an opportunity in the mid to longer term.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And then just last one on M&A. Obviously, that's been a driver for you guys for a while. I mean, how do think about that, too, in the longer term? That's something that, essentially with some of these pricing changes that are going on, do you see that being an avenue for growth over the longer term?
David P. King: Yes, I think as I said in the prepared remarks and said in response to an earlier question, M&A and acquisitions are going to be, I think, important for us going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci [ph] of FBR.
Unknown Analyst: I just had a couple of things I want to clarify real quick, and maybe one question after that. On the molecular -- on the impact of the molecular-related issues, do you describe that as sort of getting a little bit better or the same or getting worse versus, let's say, the last quarter?
David P. King: Tom, it's Dave. I think it's getting a little bit better.
Unknown Analyst: Little bit better, okay. I thought that's what you said. And then I don't know if I missed it, but was there any meaningful intra-quarter trend on volumes or particular volatility, as we've heard maybe some describe out there, that you saw?
David P. King: Tom, we don't talk about volumes within the quarter or trends within the quarter, so I'm not in a position to respond to that.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then just the last one, Dave. I know you've talked in the past about sort of diversifying revenue streams a bit, maybe a little bit away from government-oriented reimbursement, for good reason. MEDTOX clearly seems to have been a home run of a deal. As you think about the acquisition environment going forward, should we be thinking about acquisitions that are more skewed away from some of the core clinical testing that we've seen in the past and towards these other types of areas or even international? Or do you still expect it to sort of be a blend that you've done in the past?
David P. King: I think it'll be a blend. I mean, when we talk about the knowledge strategy and creating knowledge for health care stakeholders, that's how we think about the way that we can diversify revenue as, again, things like the Baroma relationship and BeaconLBS and other tools that we're developing. So I don't think about that as going out and buying non-lab assets for the purpose of diversifying revenue. Because one of the things I think we're good at is running laboratories and be careful about buying things that we're not good at just so we can get away from our traditional mix. Having said that, I look 5 years down the road and we certainly will be a more global company, we need to be. I mean, it's a global world and health care is a global business, and so we need to figure out how to participate more broadly in international markets. I don't foresee a big acquisition there but I foresee -- we do business in 40 countries today. I see the opportunity to expand that presence. And continuing to look for strategic opportunities within our own markets will be a very important part of long-term growth for us.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich of Deutsche Bank.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wanted just to pick your brain a little bit, Dave, just get your thoughts on what business model you think is resonating the most within the hospital channel, just in terms of the offerings that you're bringing to market there. You obviously broadened your -- in Northern California. Do you think that's the primary mode of consolidation within that realm? Do you think JVs are too cumbersome for health systems? How's your ability to co-manage labs? Just want to get your thoughts in sort of what's resonating out there.
David P. King: I think there's a broad range of offerings for health systems, ranging from acquisition at the one end to JVs at the other end. I think health systems are becoming increasingly focused on what the financial characteristics of the laboratory are, particularly the capital needs required there and the space needs and how they can potentially deploy those assets more effectively within their core competencies. That means some will sell, some will ask us to manage their laboratories, some will just want to send us reference work. I agree with you, Darren. I think JVs with large health systems are complex, but that doesn't mean they can't be done, we have several. So from our perspective, it's the broadest -- the willingness to participate in the broadest range of potential offerings, the willingness to do what makes the most sense to the health system in terms of optimizing its ability to provide the highest quality lab services at the most effective cost.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And I guess, the follow-up then would just be your -- or how different are the conversations today? I mean, you bring up capital and space constraints. Obviously, there's reimbursement issues perhaps down the road, but just the unit cost still is pretty different. So I'm curious how that conversation is changing, if at all, as you talk to health systems.
David P. King: Well, when I started 7 years ago, I'm sure everyone can remember that I was very, very optimistic about how the health system would -- how lab work would migrate from hospitals to independent labs. And 7 years later, I've relearned one of the great truths of health care, which is everything takes a lot longer than we think it will. So I just -- we're having constructive conversations. Hospitals and health systems are more capital constrained. They're seeing reimbursement come down. They, too, have been cut significantly by the government over the last 2-year cycle. And we're just going to continue to press ahead with this strategic focus. And ultimately, I think there's great opportunity for growth there.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's great. And then just my last question, really just to clarify your comments on BeaconLBS and the United arrangement. Congrats for signing that. The question here though is, is this something that will be part of a benefit design for 2014 or is this for the 2015 year? And if the latter, do you think you'll have more health plan customers signed up for the selling season for next year?
David P. King: We've said that we expect implementation in the latter part of 2014, and that's what we're going to say right now. And we'll provide you with further information over the next several quarters. So 2 minutes past the top of the hour here and we'd like to try to take everybody's questions. We do want wrap up though. So please, let's try to ask questions that haven't been asked and answered already and let's be brief.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo from Crdit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'll be quick. My question was on margins. The margins probably came in a little bit lower than I would have thought on volumes that were probably a little bit stronger than I would have thought. And so I'm just kind of curious if you can give us a little bit more color on those margins and what your expectations are going forward.
William B. Hayes: Glen, it's Brad. For the reasons that we mentioned in the call that relate to revenue per requisition, as well as price, when we look through what's going on with the margins, those are the major drivers. So very much the reductions revenue, reductions that we've talked about, are the culprit there. And as Dave mentioned earlier, as we think about the opportunity over time, I mean, it has been a reimbursement challenge, as you know, for the reasons that we've mentioned. But we continue to believe that the margin characteristics of the business are attractive going forward, from driving standardization and innovation over our scale. So bumpy time from the reimbursement perspective, but it's there.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Dane Leone of Macquarie.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: In the same vein as the previous question, but just thinking about the operating expense leverage that the business model has, I guess, in light of some of the innovations you're putting in automation and the labs going forward. As volumes, as organic volumes come back, hopefully supported by ACA in 2014, what's your kind of guess of how much variable costs will still need to come back on? I mean, I think you're operating from a fairly low volume perspective historically, so we would, I guess, expect to see some leverage there. Any color is helpful.
William B. Hayes: I think, again, it definitely relates to the reimbursement environment. But from a leverage and the cost perspective, I mean, we have the variable costs of the reagents and the supplies that we use. But our infrastructure is still there and visiting lots of accounts and picking up samples every day. So I think to the extent that can organically grow, there's a tremendous amount of leverage that's there.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice of UBS.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I was going to ask you about maybe any comment you have, early days, obviously, but the Walgreens announcement to begin to try to offer clinical lab services through their retail outlets as part of their minute clinic type of approach. And I mean, they are talking about being disruptive to the clinical lab industry. How -- what do you think of that? And then also with the other retail drug chains that offer similar type of service, is there any opportunity for you to partner with any of them? Have you thought about that?
David P. King: It's Dave. So we have, in the past, had partnering relationships with a number of the in-store clinics. They're not economically very productive for us. The testing menu is extremely limited, the demand for when you come pick up specimens is high. And you end up sending a courier at an odd hour to pick up one specimen. It just -- that model is not a -- the in-store clinic model is an acute -- to me, is a model of you take care of an acute problem like an earache or a flu shot or something. It's not really like even an urgent care clinic, where there's a significant number of blood draws. With respect to Walgreens, my understanding is that what they're doing in this pilot, at least in the one store, is they're just going to have a phlebotomist there who's going to draw blood and send it to a reference lab, just like we do. And again, I think from the perspective of convenience, accuracy, cost, I still think that the reference lab model, in the long run, is going to be the most successful. So we're always aware of what others are doing and have interesting innovations, and we'll continue to watch this closely.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Nicholas Jansen of Raymond James & Associates.
Nicholas Jansen - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Quick question on guidance. What's the primary delta between where your guidance is today relative to when you issued original guidance back in February? You've done over $750 million of buybacks, yet the midpoint of EPS is unchanged. So relative to your initial expectations, is the entire delta just the molecular pathology coding changes or is there something else there that's kind of not played out as you originally anticipated?
William B. Hayes: Nicholas, this is Brad. That is the delta, you've nailed it.
Operator: I would now like to hand the call back to David King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
David P. King: Thank you very much. Thank you, Clinton. In closing here today, obviously, we had a significant announcement about Brad's retirement. And I was reflecting with him yesterday afternoon, it's really a sad day for me. I remember what I first met Brad, and I think it was 1996, and since then, we have worked together on a professional and a personal level in an extraordinary way. Brad has been a phenomenal contributor to this company and to our industry in a period of great transformation. He was the head of billing here. When he came here, bad debt was 11%. We literally were struggling to get the bills out the door. And what we've accomplished with his leadership under -- as head of billing and as Chief Financial Officer when Wes stepped down is really exceptional. So I don't say this about a lot of people at LabCorp but Brad has been a stalwart here. And I know I speak for the whole team in saying we will really, really miss him deeply and wish him and his family well. And with that, we thank you for listening to our call and wish you a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining. Have a very good day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David P. King - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Stephen Anderson William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gavin Weiss - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Dane Leone - Macquarie Research Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Anthony V. Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter 2 2013 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. My name is Michelle, and I'm your event operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. Now I'd like to turn the call over to David King, Chairman and CEO. Please go -- proceed, sir.
David P. King: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Second Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; Adam Feinstein, Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our second quarter 2013 financial results, update our 2013 guidance, discuss the payment landscape, highlight our progress on our Five Pillar Strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
Stephen Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our website, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, free cash flow and adjusted operating income. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect the company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2012 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I'll review 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. I'll also update our 2013 guidance. First, cash flow. Our cash flow continues to be solid, although in the quarter it was negatively impacted by delays and denials of coverage for existing tests by some payors after implementation of recently adopted molecular pathology codes. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended June 30, 2013, was $597.8 million. DSO at the end of June was 50 days, unchanged from year end. During the quarter, our bad debt remained 4.3%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 3.1% year-over-year in the second quarter. During the quarter, total company volume increased 5%. Organic volume increased 1.4% year-over-year. Revenue per requisition decreased 1.8% year-over-year. Managed care pricing remained stable, but revenue per requisition decreased due to previously discussed Medicare payment reductions, delays and denials of coverage for existing tests by some payors after implementation of recently adopted molecular pathology codes, the implementation of sequestration on April 1, 2013, and strong growth in our drugs of abuse testing. Dave will discuss the molecular pathology payment issues in his remarks. Growth from our MEDTOX acquisition has exceeded our expectations. And while the strong performance has positively impacted revenue, volume and profitability, it has negatively impacted revenue per requisition. Third, margin. For the second quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 18.8% compared to 19.7% in the second quarter of 2012. Margins were negatively affected by the previously discussed factors. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of June, we had cash of $111.3 million and $225 million of borrowings outstanding under our $1 billion credit facility. During the second quarter, we repurchased $362 million of stock, representing 3.7 million shares. At the end of June, $592.1 million of repurchased authorization remained under our share repurchase program. Our increased share repurchase activity during the second quarter reflects our continued disciplined capital allocation program and commitment to return capital to our shareholders. This morning, we updated our 2013 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth in the range of approximately 2% to 3%; adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, of $6.90 to $7.10, which includes a negative impact of approximately $0.35 due to Medicare payment reductions and which excludes the impact of any share repurchase activity after June 30, 2013; operating cash flow of approximately $825 million to $850 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $200 million to $220 million. Our capital expenditure guidance is higher than historical levels due to near-term investments in facility consolidation and replacement of a major testing platform. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Brad. We're very pleased with our second quarter results. During the quarter, we grew revenue approximately 3.1%. We grew volume, 5%, and organic volume, 1.4%. We maintained pricing discipline, and we returned capital to shareholders through the repurchase of $362 million of our stock, representing 3.7 million shares. I would now like to review the payment landscape in general. We are pleased that we have continued our disciplined approach to managed care pricing. The government payment situation, however, is quite challenging. We were absorbing approximately $55 million in payment reductions in 2013 due to Medicare fee schedule reductions, from sequestration, the 88305 reduction and other reductions. In a recently released proposed physician fee schedule rule, CMS proposed to broadly update the clinical lab fee schedule, which has already been cut by approximately 5% this year alone and by nearly 8% cumulatively since the beginning of 2010, and to make a significant change in the calculation of payment rates for flow cytometry, FISH, IHC and other critical laboratory services paid from the physician fee schedule. Most of these tests are used for the diagnosis and monitoring of critically ill cancer patients, and they are essential to patients receiving proper and appropriate care. CMS revised payment for these critical tests by using the hospital OPPS as a comparator to current physician fee schedule payment rates and proposing to pay the lower of the two. CMS' reasoning in proposing this change is fundamentally flawed. The change in methodology, if implemented, will dramatically reduce payment to community pathologists, independent labs, hospital outreach labs and all other labs providing vital services to cancer patients. It will be detrimental to patient care into every laboratory, large and small. The change is unmerited and must not be implemented. And the laboratory community, the pathology community, the physician community and the diagnostics community are united in working to prevent this assault on cancer patients and the laboratories that serve them. Furthermore, our payment experience with respect to the newly -- to the recently implemented molecular pathology codes has been disappointing. During 2012, we told investors that we believe the pricing of these codes would have little impact on LabCorp pricing. On reviewing the pricing established for these codes, our belief proved correct. Nonetheless, during the first quarter of this year, we experienced delays in the pricing and implementation of these codes among various payors, including Medicaid, Medicare and commercial carriers. These delays were not surprising, given the extent of the impacted procedures. Because we expected that these delays will be properly resolved and have little impact for the full year, we did not highlight them for investors on our first quarter earnings call in April. Since our last conference call, however, several noncommercial payors have still not priced key molecular codes, and a number of these payors have informed us that they will no longer cover and pay for tests that they have always covered and paid for, including cancer markers and genetic analysis. Further, several payors are requiring additional information to process claims or have implemented prior authorization policies. Many commercial payors are only now becoming aware of the impact of their claim at us, which impede patient access to services that previously were covered and paid for. These decisions are largely being made ad hoc, not pursuant to any properly promulgated coverage policies. They are contrary to long-established standards of care and will ultimately be harmful to patients. For example, we received non-covered responses from a number of state Medicaid organizations for carrier testing and prenatal screening for cystic fibrosis, fragile X and SMA testing, which are standard of care and which are called for within guidelines set by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, as well as the American College of Medical Genetics. These genetic profiles and full gene sequencing tests offered by LabCorp and many other independent hospital-based and academic labs are critical to the health and welfare of our patients. Failing to cover and pay for these tests will lead to curtailment of services to beneficiaries and ultimately to higher, not lower, health care costs. It is particularly troubling that state governments are taking positions that not only harm all laboratories but also limit care available to the most vulnerable and underserved population. And that the federal TRICARE program is taking positions that harm all laboratories and limit care to our active-duty military and their families. We are working diligently with payors to address these issues, and ACLA and our industry colleagues are fully engaged. We trust that reason will prevail here and believe that these payors will ultimately cover molecular diagnostic testing as they had in the past. The delays and denials of coverage for these existing and previously covered tests had a negative impact on revenue, price, operating income, adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, and cash flow in the first half of this year and is incorporated into our updated guidance for the full year. Again, it is our expectation that we will receive appropriate payment for our services and that these unprecedented nonpayment policies will be reversed, which would result in upside to our guidance. The laboratory industry is being harmed, and make no mistake, the harm is not only to LabCorp, it is to hospital labs, academic labs and independent labs, small and large. Our industry cannot and should not be expected to provide critical services to patients without being paid. I would now like to update our progress on each aspect of our Five Pillar Strategy. The first pillar of our strategy is that we deploy capital to investments that enhance our business and return capital to shareholders. The performance of our MEDTOX business continues to exceed our expectations, and we are particularly pleased with the growth of our drugs of abuse business. The integration is proceeding as anticipated and is nearly complete. MEDTOX provides us with an excellent opportunity to diversify our payor and testing mix, and we remain excited about the opportunity to grow this business. Earlier this year, we announced a target leverage ratio of 2.5x net debt to EBITDA. Our share repurchase activity during the second quarter brought us to a leverage ratio of 1.9x net debt to EBITDA, a tangible step for achieving this goal. We also continued to deploy capital to small strategic acquisitions that expand our test menu and geographic footprint. The second pillar of our strategy is to enhance our IT capabilities to improve the physician and patient experience. We continue to develop and implement new population health analytics modules that provide business intelligence tools to hospitals, physician practices and ACOs. These tools assist customers in their compliance in reporting requirements with respect to efficient management of their productivity, quality and patient outcome efforts. We also continue to organize and manage a large amount of patient data, and we expect to use population health insights to improve patient care. These industry-leading, data-driven services position LabCorp as a trusted partner to health care stakeholders, providing the knowledge to optimize decision-making, improve health outcomes and reduce treatment costs. Looking ahead, we will continue to add new analytic offerings at the point-of-lab order and result delivery to enhance the physician experience and patient care. The third pillar of our strategy is to continue to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services. The Propel installation on our Burlington campus is complete, and it is currently splitting and sorting approximately 75% of our Atlantic division volume. We expect that Propel will process 100% of this volume by the end of July, and we intend to install the system in other labs over time. Propel represents a significant financial investment in innovation and will help decrease our labor expense and increase throughput and accuracy. Construction continues on our new Phoenix campus and we intend to initiate operations within this 240,000 square foot facility later this fall. The campus will initially consolidate 4 laboratories and will be used for further consolidation activity over the next few years. The fourth pillar of our strategy is to continue scientific innovation at reasonable and appropriate pricing. We introduced new tests and collaborate with leading companies and academic institutions to provide our physicians and patients with the most scientifically advanced testing in our industry. We realized that investors have great interest in the recent Supreme Court ruling related to BRCA analysis. We intend to enter the BRCA testing market. At this point, we believe the ruling will have a net positive impact on our business with new opportunities the ruling likely provides. The fifth pillar of our strategy is to integrate our offerings into emerging health care delivery models. We continue to develop LabCorp Beacon, BeaconLBS, Beacon Analytics and decision support tools to expand our capabilities and create new value-added products and services for our customers. These tools give us access to additional data beyond the clinical laboratory data we have, allowing us to provide an integrated view of the patient and deliver it to the physician's desktop. We will use all of these capabilities to provide critical insights to support diagnostic and therapeutic strategies for the patient's clinical condition. We will also continue to evaluate opportunities to expand our data gathering and analytics capabilities and to use them as tools, both to grow our existing business and create new sources of revenue. The critical components of success in the post-reform era with be quality, efficiency and a role in improving patient outcomes. LabCorp is uniquely positioned to meet these needs in the months and years to come. Now Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Stephen Anderson: Thank you, Dave. "Can you describe the impact of Medicare payment cuts in 2013?" The Affordable Care Act baseline for the 2013 update to the clinical lab fee schedule was negative 0.95%. And the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act re-baselined the fee schedule an additional 2% lower. These fee schedule reductions became effective on January 1, 2013. Due to mandatory sequestration, we received an additional 2% reduction to the clinical lab fee schedule and a separate 2% reduction to the physician fee schedule effective April 1, 2013. We are also experiencing a variety of other government payment reductions, including the reduction to CPT code 88305 and the full year impact of the TC Grandfather Clause. Summed together, we continue to estimate that these payment reductions will lower our 2013 EPS by approximately $0.35, which is already incorporated into our guidance. "Why are capital expenditures expected to be so high in 2013?" We typically spend approximately 3% of revenue on capital expenditures. As Brad previously mentioned, our capital expenditure increase in 2013 is driven by near-term investments in facility consolidation and replacement of a major testing platform. "Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing?" For the year, approximately 38% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. As we reiterated last quarter, our goal is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 45% of our revenue within the next 3 to 5 years. In conclusion, I'd like to mention that earlier this quarter, we provided over $1 million worth of laboratory instruments to the government of Mozambique as part of a humanitarian aid effort. Mozambique is recovering from 30 years of Civil War, which destroyed a majority of the country's schools and hospitals. With the Democratic government in place, Mozambique is striving to reestablish health care delivery for its 22 million people. As in many others sub-Saharan African countries, Mozambique's population suffers from poverty, a high neonatal mortality rate, low life expectancy and a high incidence of infectious disease such as HIV and malaria. The equipment provided by LabCorp supplements aid that Mozambique receives from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Office of the U.S. Global AIDS Coordinator, the Mozambique Healthcare Consortium; UnitedHealth Group and other public and private aid groups. We work closely with the Mozambican branch of the CDC to place this equipment in the country's national health labs and central reference hospitals to improve the diagnostic and patient management capabilities of the country's health care practitioners. These instruments and the associated training provided by LabCorp will contribute to improve health care and quality of life for a truly needy population. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Steve. Thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Robert Willoughby from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dave, how many course do you have to get payment back from some of these payors that denied you? And maybe more importantly, what's a reasonable time frame for recovery?
David P. King: Bob, let's separate it into the commercial, the Medicaid and then TRICARE. So with commercial payors, this is a negotiated process. As we mentioned, many of them incorporated these payment policies without the realization of the impact that would -- that it would have on the claim filing process, a lot of paper claims, a lot of additional information and the impact on patients. And so most of it is just a question of sitting down and talking with them, explaining the circumstances and then we get the coverage issues resolved. With the Medicaids, a couple of the key Medicaids still have not priced the codes, so they told us they're going to pay for the tests but they still haven't priced the codes and these are a couple of sizable Medicaids. And we have been -- we have a commitment that they will price the codes within the third quarter, but obviously claims are not going to be paid until the codes are priced. There are a couple of Medicaids that have said they are not going to pay for this testing even though they have paid for it in the past and they have covered it in the past because either they call it new tests or because of budgetary constraints. On those, it's dealing with the Medicaids, it's getting ACLA involved, and ACLA is fully engaged in this as are our other industry colleagues and it's also potentially legislative and executive remedies in those particular states. And finally, with TRICARE, initially, TRICARE placed cystic fibrosis on its no-pay code list. Our understanding is that after some inquiries from us and others, that the code is off the list but it still hasn't been priced, so we're back in the situation that we have to wait for them to price the code. So as you can tell from that discussion, the timing is somewhat uncertain. We do expect the -- we're optimistic that the commercial ones, for the most part, will be resolved within the year. Whether some of the governmental ones go over into next year, we just have no way of knowing, and that's part of the reason we say as these get resolved, they provide additional upside to the guidance because we've incorporated the view that we stated here into how we think about guidance for the rest of the year.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And has this triggered, from your standpoint -- I mean, other labs are seeing this as well, you have this factor plus some of the cuts and proposals going forward. I mean, how is this changing the M&A pipeline for you? Is it too early to call at this point? Or are you seeing more activity as a net result of this?
David P. King: I think it's a little bit early to call, but the pipeline continues to be quite robust and there are good opportunities out there for us in a variety of areas. When you think about nonpayment for molecular codes, you think about cuts to 88305. There are a number of either specialized laboratories or laboratories with broad exposure to Medicare in these payment areas that are either thinking about entering the acquisition market or are already in the market.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Tom Gallucci.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I guess, just following up on a couple of Bob's questions there. Can you just help me explain sort of how you're handling the revenues and related -- and to the molecular testing that's not getting paid for at this point? I mean, the DSOs didn't really go up in the bad debt. It didn't really go up, so you said you got it all factored in. But how is that actually flowing through? And is there any way to sort of frame the magnitude of what we're talking about?
William B. Hayes: Tom, it's Brad. The way it's flowing through and manifesting itself is in price. These kinds of adjustments, we have historically considered noncoverage items and items where payors don't pay for certain things as revenue adjustments, so that's where they're showing up. And while the DSO was flat, we expected it to be down. And if we look at why it's not down, this particular item for the delays and the nonpayment are exactly what's causing it.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And is there any way to frame sort of the magnitude of what we're talking about here relative to, I don't know, the overall company, whether it's revenue or test or any other perspective?
William B. Hayes: Yes, what I would say is it's about 4% of our revenue that's affected by this entire process. Our molecular pathology revenue is a little bit higher, but some of it's commercial billed and capitated so it doesn't really fall into this CPT code-related process, so it's about 4% of revenue. And then a subset of that is what we're having the difficulty with here. We're not going to give a specific number about what we've seen in the first quarter and expect for the back half of the year because as Dave mentioned, we're fighting this and we hope to get it reversed because it's really not merited. And when we look at price year-over-year, the 1.8% that we reported, if you take into account sequestration and these changes and some of the other factors that we talked about, those are the issues that are resulting in that price.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful, Brad. And then, I guess, just more broadly on the acquisition front, I guess, Bob asked about the reimbursement changes affecting the pipeline. Dave, I know you've talked about diversifying revenue streams a bit, so maybe areas that are outside of some of these sectors that are being hit by reimbursement. Your drug testing did very well in the quarter, I think that's the idea in that business. It doesn't have exposure to some of this stuff. Can you talk about maybe where you are in the process or what the pipelines might look like for you to continue to expand into sort of areas outside of some of the Medicare, Medicaid areas that have the more pressure?
David P. King: Yes, Tom. I think if you look at the key acquisitions that we've done in the last couple of years, we made an acquisition that gave us greater international capability in our pharma services, clinical trials, central lab business. That is not exposed to government reimbursement. It's well priced. And we've been very, very pleased with that because that business continues to expand as does the clinical trial business that is -- that comes in through monograms. Our paternity and forensic testing area where we made the Orchid acquisition, that not only gave us exposure to some private revenue and some nongovernmental revenue, but also to some international revenue with the U.K. and now we're getting some work in that business out of the Middle East. MEDTOX is a commercial pay. It's a -- typically an employer pay clinical trials and commercial pay business. There's essentially no exposure to government. So we are continuing to look at acquisitions that will help us diversify the revenue base. We have looked at and decided not to make some acquisitions, for example, in pathology where we think we would be further exposing ourselves to these kinds of issues. And then we continue to look, as I mentioned in speaking about Pillar Five, in ways that we can take our data and that we can tuck things in that help us create potential revenue streams out of the data and the analytics. So I think there's a -- I think we've had a broad approach to broadening the revenue base, and at the same time, sticking close to our knitting in terms of businesses that we fundamentally understand that know how to run and that fit our long-term strategic priorities.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Gary Lieberman from Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Was hoping maybe you can give a little bit more color on your organic volume growth, which seems to be pretty good. A number of operators, both, I guess, other competing labs and even some of the acute care guys have noted that physician office visits were weak and overall volume seemed to be pretty weak. So what do you attribute it to? Is it share gains? Or how would you characterize it?
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. I think, first of all, MEDTOX, the drugs of abuse testing, the pay management business, all have done extremely well. Second of all, I attribute it to good execution. I mean, sales execution, service execution, the investments that we've made in getting results back to physicians earlier in interfaces, there's -- I wish we had some secret. We don't have a secret. Our secret is we have a terrific test menu. We're very focused on execution on both the sales and service side of the business and the kudos are to our organization for executing on our priorities.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe could you update us on the status of renegotiation of any of your large commercial contracts?
David P. King: So we renewed the Cigna contract and the Humana contract. We've made progress. It's still under discussion.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe one housekeeping item. Do you give the share count at the end of the quarter?
William B. Hayes: Gary, it will be in the Q, which we'll file shortly.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser and he's from Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Guys, can you talk a little bit about your views on benefit from ACA Medicaid expansion next year given the change to the employer mandate and just kind of like the discussion on the lower potential enrollment?
David P. King: It's Dave. We've said all along there's a lot of moving parts in the ACA and continue to believe there are a lot of moving parts in the ACA. I think that the ACA will be a net positive for us because there will be more people covered by insurance, whether through government programs, exchanges or employer base. I don't think we can quantify it today because, as you say, there are questions about which Medicaids will expand and how significant they will be. And there are questions about the readiness of the exchanges. There was the delay in the employer mandate and in a couple of other regulations that now are not going to take effect apparently until 2015. So again, net positive, we expect to see some benefit next year but certainly not factoring it in as a game changer as we think about 2014.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then to clarify the comments that you made on the pricing, where the negative pricing trends are really a factor of the changes in molecular diagnostic, et cetera. Suggest to kind of like ask it in a more targeted way, excluding these issues that you mentioned, would your price metric be in positive territory, similar to where it was in 1Q '13?
David P. King: Well, there are a number of moving parts in price, and the growth in drugs of abuse testing, while it's positive to revenue, it's positive to volume and it's positive to margin, is negative to price because it's at a lower price point than our typical patient encounter. Everything else that was involved in price had to do with the government reductions. So the Medicare reductions that we talked about, the sequestration and then, as we mentioned, MoPath, which we don't view as a long-term reduction but certainly has an impact in this quarter. So I just -- I don't think it's constructive to try to break down every bit and bob of pricing. I think what we can say is we maintained price discipline with managed care, and managed care pricing was flat, as we've said. And the price impact is coming from the factors we've enumerated.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just last follow-up on the organic volume growth because, obviously, it seems that you're gaining share, right? You're growing faster than what the industry has grown this quarter. So -- and I understand it's on execution in sales and service. But can you give us any color on where it's coming from, i.e. is it coming from the hospitals where I think there's a lot of concern as hospitals are in-sourcing? Or is it just coming from the physician market where you're just gaining share from your independent lab peers?
David P. King: Well, I think it's coming from, as we mentioned, drugs of abuse and pain management. I think it's coming from the physician market, and then I think it's coming from hospital reference business. Those are probably the 3 biggest areas in which we're seeing volume pickups.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And the drugs of abuse, just to make sure that I'm not confusing it, is the drug of abuse, that's tied to the MEDTOX acquisition? Or is it also just above and beyond that?
David P. King: It's both. It's MEDTOX. It's our, what we call our occupational testing business, and it's the pain management component of both of those businesses.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Amanda Murphy and she's from William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I just had a quick follow-up on the reimbursement discussion. So I may be too early yet, but have you seen any change in the physician in-sourcing dynamic with the cuts to the code 88305 from last year? And then just as a follow-up to that, they've obviously targeted physician flow this year. And I'm curious, there doesn't seem to be codes that are quite as exposed to that physician in-sourcing dynamic. So curious if you have any insight into why they're going after those particular areas specifically.
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. I think we've seen a slowing of the physician in-sourcing trend for sure since 88305 and believe there was also a report that came out about utilization after physician in-sourcing that -- in the last couple of weeks that suggested that physician in-sourcing led to higher utilization. So I think the point has been made to CMS about the impact of physician in-sourcing and the trend does seem to be mitigated. On the flow and the FISH, the IHC and the other pathology codes, we don't have a good understanding of why CMS has singled those out on the physician fee schedule, although it's, I think the number is 26% approximately, reduction across the board on physician fee schedule pathology codes. When you look at flow and FISH, I mean, the reductions are more in the 60% and 70% range. So we don't know why those have been signaled -- have been singled out. And again, the reasoning behind equating those to the hospital OPPS is completely erroneous, and we will fight to the end that those said proposed reductions not be implemented. It is bad for laboratories, but more fundamentally, it is bad for cancer patients and it's going to have a terrible effect on the cancer patient population.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And then just a follow-up to Ricky's question on the hospital side of the world. So in terms of the opportunity that you have there to increase your -- whether it be outsourcing, work from hospitals or working with them on a partnership level, I mean, is that market, one, that's underserved at this point? Or is it that -- I'm just trying to figure out where the growth is coming from. Is it from volumes going more to hospitals as they're buying the doc practices? Or are you actually gaining share from existing competitors in that market?
David P. King: Well, I think it's always risky to say that you're gaining share. I think the numbers speak for themselves. I think the hospital changes that we're seeing with physician in-sourcing do lead many hospitals to send out more testing because they are bringing in more testing. And as they bring in complex testing, they can't perform it themselves so they send it out. So I do think that accounts for some of the trend in terms of our growth in the hospital business.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And just last one from me in terms of MEDTOX. I'm just curious if you can give a little more color on -- it seems like that's turning above your expectations in terms of growth. And then just how that flows through in terms of guidance or how to think about that through the remainder of the year?
David P. King: Well, I don't think we've ever talked about the P&Ls of particular acquisitions and so we're certainly not going to do that now. MEDTOX is doing better than we expected from a revenue and a profitability perspective. As you know, the guidance incorporates all the moving pieces in the business in a wide range of outcomes and so it's -- there's nothing we can really specify as to how MEDTOX plays in the guidance other than to say we're very pleased with the performance.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Darren Lehrich who's from Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I just wanted to follow up on the Medicare PFS proposal. Just as it relates to 2014, can you update us, please, on what your exposure is to fee schedule as a percentage of revenue and maybe just help us think a little bit more about what that proposal means?
David P. King: Darren, it's Dave. The Medicare physician fee schedule revenue in 2012 was 1.7% of total revenue. Now it will be less this year because of some of the payment reductions that have already been implemented. But if these reductions were to be implemented, as proposed in the rule, you could simply, on average, take the -- call it 1.5% of revenue and multiply that by negative 26.7% and you'd be in the ballpark of what the impact would be.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So you don't think your mix is necessarily different than what the 26% would imply, given what you said about FISH and flow being higher than that?
David P. King: No.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That's very helpful. And then as it relates to molecular diagnostics issue, can you just remind us -- my recollection was that this is in the domain of the max and it's been pretty byzantine in terms of how they've been pricing codes and approving codes. But for 2014 or some point in the future, it moves into the domain of the clinical lab fee schedule and so it comes back to Medicare on more of a federal level. Is that how it's currently envisioned? And do you think that's 2014? And I guess, the real question here is, what would that mean then for the states and some of these other payors to the extent that some of those codes aren't approved?
David P. King: Well, if I understand the question, which I have to -- I'm not sure I do, but if I understand the question, the answer is the pricing has been done by individual Medicare carriers on a gap-fill basis. The process has been slow, and it has been nontransparent in the sense that we don't know what the inputs are into the pricing. We have offered to try to help provide inputs, and generally, our offers of helping with inputs have been declined by the carriers, the Medicare carriers. And they have established pricing, probably led by Palmetto, and then a number of others have followed along. As we said throughout the year last year, the actual prices set would not have had a major impact on us because they're not terribly different from the prices that we were previously receiving. The issue was the delay in setting the prices and then some of the coverage decisions are not the coverage changes that we've made reference to in the call. I believe CMS will have greater authority over these prices in 2014 because I believe after they've been in place for a year, CMS has the ability to review them. But we had our work cut out for the rest of 2013 and that's what we're focused on.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Well, yes. It just would obviously seem like you'd have more leverage if you're dealing with one and even -- than multiples, so that's helpful. Then just the last question here is just on testing platforms. First, was hoping you might expand a little bit more on your BRCA comment. You intend to enter the market based on what you said, Dave. When do you think that will occur? And then any kind of just broad-brush comment we could get on the FC market, how you see that tracking and what do you think that market is doing? Is it accelerating? Is it just -- has it been stable the first half? Any comments there will be great.
David P. King: Sure. On BRCA, we don't have a specific time frame for entering the market. We actually are capable of performing the test today under current methodologies, but we're looking at what's the best methodology and what's the right timing. And as you probably saw, even post the Supreme Court decision, there's been another suit filed against the lab performing BRCA so this is not entirely free from controversy in spite of the Supreme Court's decision. We're going to make a reasoned decision about when we enter the market and what methodology we use and what price we offer and all I can say stayed tuned in terms of our timing there. On hepatitis C, it's been one of the nice drivers of growth year-over-year. The screening recommendations from the CDC have certainly given us some help. In addition, our hepatitis C expertise coming out of the terrific R&D that we do at Monogram and the clinical trials for the new hepatitis C drugs have all been very strong for us there and so we're pleased. We talked for long term about the opportunity in hepatitis C and we needed a catalyst in those guidelines for the catalyst.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: What share do you think you have in the hep C market?
David P. King: Just couldn't even begin to estimate.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Kevin Ellich and he comes from Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just a couple of follow-up questions. I guess, first, on the 5% volume growth, if 1.4% came organically, is it safe to assume the remainder came from MEDTOX? Or was there anything else?
William B. Hayes: Kevin, this is Brad. That's correct. That's the way we look at it.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then on the reduced operating cash flow guidance, was that only due to the delays and denials from the MoPath codes? Or was there anything else included in that?
William B. Hayes: I would say that makes up the substantial part of that thinking.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Got it. Appreciate it. And then, Dave, I was just kind of wondering if -- are you guys seeing any increased volume coming from wellness testing as more employers adopt these various programs?
David P. King: Kevin, it's Dave. I think the answer is yes. We've had requests from a number of employers and plans, for example, to be able to do biometric testing in our patient service centers' point of service. So I think the answer is yes. Both wellness and pain management have been growers for us in the last couple of quarters.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. And would that be lower-priced business, all things considering?
David P. King: Yes, probably. So guys, we have 10 minutes -- excuse me, Michelle, we have 10 minutes before the hour. We have about 7 people in the queue so lets try to make sure the questions we are asking are new and unique so that we can limit the call to an hour. Thank you.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Could you maybe just show a little light on anything you're seeing with regards to the competitive environment against hospital labs ahead of ACA? And specifically, do you see any near-term opportunity to pick up a little bit of market share and maybe you can kind of compare that against the dynamic you see where hospitals may be trying to bring more of their own business in?
David P. King: Isaac, it's Dave. I think, as we have said, hospitals have been acquiring physician groups, which is -- which are bringing lab services in. I would say at the same time, we're seeing hospitals facing some of the similar pricing environment, particularly government pricing environment, that we're seeing and it's reflected in our numbers and in everybody else's numbers. And so I think there's a greater interest in things like laboratory management services that help them reduce their costs than there has been historically. And we've seen very good growth in laboratory management relationships with hospitals throughout the last, probably, 3 quarters and expect that to continue.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just want to follow up on the cost side of things. Can you give us a sense maybe of what kind of savings you think you can target here on the sourcing and supply chain side of things? And specifically, I'm referring to some of the vendor consolidation that your main competitor has undertaken recently. I'm just trying to sense -- get a sense of what you think your relative opportunity is on that side.
David P. King: Yes, I think our opportunity there is relatively small. We've done those things a long time ago, so we have standard national contracts for almost all of our major supplies from gloves to dry ice, you name it. And so I don't think there's a lot of upside to further supply chain rationalization because, as I say, we've -- we undertook that process about 4 years ago.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Gavin Weiss and he's from JPMorgan.
Gavin Weiss - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just wanted to clarify, SG&A in the quarter came in a little bit below our expectations and showed the better trend than in the first quarter. Is there anything specific there that's driving that improvement? And how should we think about that going forward?
William B. Hayes: I would say just, this is Brad, continued integration of some acquisitions from last year. No real change to mention and bad debt driving that trend and it's sustainable. So there's nothing unusual driving it and we think that trend should continue.
Gavin Weiss - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then Dave, you talked about the increased use of Propel in your North Carolina facility. How should we think about that technology in terms of the margin profile? Is there a point where that becomes a significant impact? Or is it more just incremental?
David P. King: As I mentioned, it's a significant financial investment in efficiency and innovation. And from a margin perspective, we should think of that -- we should think of it as it certainly is labor saving. But a lot of the times, what we do with those labor savings is that we move those positions into front-line positions so that we can continue the emphasis on sales and service that we talked about earlier in the call. So we haven't quantified it, and at the point when we have it up and running in our 8 labs, we will be able to quantify it. It will help with margin but I'd like to think of it as it more helps us to offset some of the pressures in the other direction than you would see a dramatic impact on margins overall.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of A.J. Rice from UBS.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First, a numbers question. On the operating cash flow guidance, it looks like you reduced that about $50 million from previous range, anything behind that worth highlighting?
David P. King: It's Dave. As Brad stated, that is essentially due to our expectations for the timing of payment for the molecular pathology issues that we've discussed.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just quickly on the -- if I look at your guidance for the back half, you're at -- you're looking at it for $3.47 in the back half versus the $3.53 of non year-to-date. I know sequestration, you get 2 quarters of that in the back half versus one in the early part, but you've also got the benefit of the buyback kicking in. I know we've talked about a lot of different items on the call so far but if you look at the overall macro environment, is there any reason? Are you thinking it will be a little tougher in the back half? Or would you describe that as your normal seasonal pattern, even taking into account the buyback benefit?
William B. Hayes: A.J., it's Brad. I would say it's normal seasonal. I mean, the fourth quarter is a tough EPS quarter just given the holidays and everything. So as I look at the calendarization of our expectations, I don't see anything unusual in it.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And no change in the macro basically from what you guys...
William B. Hayes: Not thinking of any at this point.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Dane Leone from Macquarie.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: I know it's early days since the Supreme Court ruling and you're still trying to figure out a strategy with BRCA. But I think it would be helpful, especially in historical context of your comments on where you ultimately think the growth potential of the lab industry is, what type of scope and potential is there for the broader implications of the ruling? And what type of content could that ultimately unlock for LabCorp as it continues to push into a more esoteric product mix?
David P. King: It's Dave, Dane. I think that, as we said, the BRCA decision in and of itself unlock certain market opportunity to launch a -- the BRCA test more fundamentally, or more broadly, it opens up opportunities in other areas that have been patent protected and it raises the question of whether other things that have patent protection will continue to have that patent protection over time. So as we think about next-generation sequencing, as we think about the ability to do broader genetic testing, longer reads, sequence-full genes and add the content to that, the interpretive content of that which is part of what we're developing in the second and fifth pillar, I think the opportunity is very promising for us. It would be really -- just it wouldn't make sense to try to quantify that now because the uncertainty is too great, but we definitely view it as a long-term positive and is fitting nicely with our strategic focus.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Glen Santangelo from Crdit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Dave, just a couple of quick questions. You only spent a fair amount of time on this call talking about the government reimbursement environment and appropriately so. But I'm just kind of curious, could you comment on the commercial environment? You made some comments earlier on, talking about that you have a disciplined approach to pricing and you renewed Cigna and is currently in negotiations with Humana. Could you give us a sense for how those negotiations are going? And do you -- are you nervous at all about any vulnerability on the commercial front, given all the potential pressure on the government side?
David P. King: I've said for a long time that the fundamental process of negotiation with commercial payors is they want us to do more for less and we want to be paid more for what we do, so it's a negotiation, and I'm pleased that we have maintained good pricing discipline. I'm pleased that pricing in the quarter on managed care remained stable. And we're going to continue to do the best we can to maintain pricing discipline and keep that trend. We have a long-standing partnership with Humana. We value the relationship and our hope is that we're going to come to contract terms that are good for everybody.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Maybe just really quick. Are you seeing any success or focus on behalf of the commercial payors regarding their efforts to narrow their lab networks?
David P. King: I don't think we're seeing a lot of impact there, Glenn. I think, obviously, there's been a lot of press given to some of the actions that Aetna has taken fairly publicly. But I think the actual, are we going to have more narrow networks? We're just not seeing a lot of it.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Anthony Vendetti from Maxim Group.
Anthony V. Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: This will be quick. I was just wondering if you could give the growth rate for drug in abuse testing and also for the esoteric and genomic testing for the quarter, year-over-year?
William B. Hayes: Okay. Esoteric testing for the quarter was up, I believe, 3.5%. The drugs of abuse testing for the quarter...
David P. King: 10.6%.
William B. Hayes: It's a race to see who can find it, and Dave found it, 10.6% year-over-year. Now that is excluding the impact of MEDTOX. That's our core drugs of abuse.
David P. King: Exactly.
William B. Hayes: Just as a comparison, in Q1, it was 10.2% on a per day basis, excluding MEDTOX.
Operator: Thank you for your question. I would now like to turn the call over to David King for closing remarks.
David P. King: Thank you very much for listening to our second quarter earnings call, and we wish you a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Thank you, and have a good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David P. King - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Stephen Anderson William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Alexander Y. Draper - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Anthony V. Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2013 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. My name is Janine, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed.
David P. King: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our first quarter 2013 financial results, reaffirm our 2013 guidance, highlight our progress on our Five Pillar Strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
Stephen Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our website, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS, adjusted EPS excluding amortization, free cash flow and adjusted operating income. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect the company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2012 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call I will review 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. I will also reaffirm our 2013 guidance. First, cash flow. Our cash flow remains strong. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended March 31, 2013, was $661.2 million. DSO at the end of March was 50 days, an increase of 2 days year-over-year. During the quarter, our bad debt remained 4.3%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 1.2% year-over-year in the first quarter. On a per-day basis, revenue increased 2.9% year-over-year. During the quarter, total company volume increased 1.1% or 2.7% on a per-day basis. We estimate that inclement weather reduced volume growth by approximately 50 basis points during the quarter, and that excluding weather, organic volume was flat year-over-year. Revenue per requisition increased 20 basis points year-over-year. Third, margin. For the first quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 18.7% compared to 19.9% in the first quarter of 2012. The year-over-year margin decline was primarily due to the impact from weather, Medicare payment reductions and the number of days in the quarter. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of March, we had cash of $185.8 million and $30 million of borrowings outstanding under our $1 billion credit facility. During the first quarter, we repurchased $113.9 million of stock, representing 1.3 million shares. At the end of March, $954.1 million of repurchase authorization remained under our share repurchase program. This morning, we reaffirmed our 2013 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth in the range of approximately 2% to 3%; adjusted EPS excluding amortization of $6.85 to $7.15, which includes a negative impact of approximately $0.35 due to Medicare payment reductions and which excludes the impact of any share repurchase activity after March 31, 2013; operating cash flow of approximately $870 million to $900 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $200 million to $220 million. Our capital expenditure guidance is higher than historical levels due to near-term investments in facility consolidation and replacement of a major testing platform. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Brad. We are pleased with our performance given the health care services utilization environment. During the first quarter of 2013, we grew revenue approximately 3% on a per-day basis and we grew volume 2.7% on a per-day basis. We generated strong operating cash flow of $198.2 million. We generated free cash flow of $156.5 million, which we invested in the business and returned to shareholders through the repurchase of $114 million of our stock, representing 1.3 million shares. And we continue to take keep a tight lid on expenses. We continue to make progress on each aspect of our Five Pillar Strategy. The first pillar of our strategy is that we deploy capital to investments that enhance our business and return capital to shareholders. The integration of MEDTOX continues to go well and has exceeded our expectations. This acquisition provides us with an excellent opportunity to diversify our payor and testing mix, and we remain excited about the opportunity to grow MEDTOX's specialized toxicology testing. Last quarter, we announced a target leverage ratio of 2.5x debt to EBITDA, which all other things being equal, we intend to achieve over time. We expect to continue to deploy our capital toward acquisitions and share repurchase. Over the last several years, we have deployed our free cash flow almost evenly between acquisitions and share repurchase. Going forward, we would expect to deploy our free cash flow similarly, and in the absence of sizable acquisition opportunities, we anticipate deploying our additional leverage towards share repurchase. The second pillar of our strategy is to enhance our IT capabilities to improve the physician and patient experience. Our Beacon Patient Portal is now available to all patients in right-to-know states, and we continue to see accelerated growth in patient registrations, adding more than 1,000 new registrations per day. The Patient Portal is a valuable tool that allows patients to better manage their health care, and we will continue to add valuable content and information to the Patient Portal over time. Our electronic medical record connectivity continues to expand, and we are on pace to exceed last year's record number of new client EMR interfaces. We remain committed to our open platform strategy, allowing our customers to connect seamlessly to LabCorp directly or via the EMR of their choice. We continue to pilot a number of new population health analytics modules that provide health care business intelligence tools to hospitals, physician practices and ACOs. These tools assist customers in their compliance and reporting requirements with respect to efficient management of their productivity, quality and patient outcome metrics. These industry-leading, data-driven services position LabCorp as a trusted partner to health care stakeholders, providing the knowledge to optimize decision-making, improve health outcomes and reduce treatment costs. Looking ahead, we will continue to add new analytic offerings at the point of lab order and during result delivery to enhance the physician experience and improve patient care. The third pillar of our strategy is to continue to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services. During the first quarter, we continued the ramp-up of our Propel robotic technology in our primary Burlington lab. This pilot program is nearing completion and our initial results have exceeded expectations from a throughput and quality perspective. We expect this technology to replace much of the manual splitting and sorting process throughout our major laboratories, enhancing efficiency, turnaround time and quality. We are finalizing our implementation plans for the balance of 2013, and we look forward to providing updates on this initiative over the next several quarters. We are constantly monitoring and evaluating our supply chain operations, and we are focused on laboratory consolidation initiatives. We will begin these projects during the second half of 2013 and we anticipate deriving ongoing savings from consolidation activity. We will also roll out a new chemistry platform later this year. This platform has enhanced software capabilities that will increase throughput capacity and lower supply costs in our chemistry testing. We expect the full implementation to take 18 months. Finally, we continue to review and rationalize all components of our cost structure. The fourth pillar of our strategy is to continue scientific innovation at reasonable and appropriate pricing. We introduce new tests and collaborate with leading companies and academic institutions to provide our physicians and patients with the most scientifically advanced testing in our industry. Last May, we announced our collaborative relationship with Ariosa to offer the Harmony Test. Harmony is an innovative, noninvasive test for detection of common fetal trisomies. It is based on the sequencing and bioinformatics analysis of cell-free DNA in maternal blood. The American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics recently noted this innovative technology allows patients the option of noninvasive fetal aneuploidy screening and that the analysis of cell-free fetal DNA in maternal circulation for fetal aneuploidy screening is likely the first of major steps toward the eventual application of whole fetal genome, whole fetal exome sequencing. We share this view and are pleased with our Harmony volumes, which indicate strong support from this test among physicians. Further, we are encouraged by the favorable coverage policies issued on Harmony by our key managed care partners. Monogram Biosciences, a LabCorp specialty testing company, recently began offering the GenoSure PRIme assay, the first assay to provide a comprehensive assessment of drug resistance for the most widely used antiretroviral drug classes. GenoSure PRIme specifically complies with the DHHS treatment guidelines issued last month that strongly recommend the inclusion of integrase inhibitor resistance testing in cases of treatment failure and in cases of newly identified infections where there is concern that an integrase inhibitor-resistant strain may have been transmitted. During the first quarter, we also announced our expanded services for inflammatory bowel disease. Gastrointestinal tract disorders are often presented with nonspecific symptoms and are difficult to diagnose, especially in primary care settings. We launched an expanded IBD testing profile that helps to identify IBD patients and differentiate between ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease. These enhancements to LabCorp's IBD test menu are adjuncts to our broader offering of digestive disease testing that includes cost-efficient cascade testing to help physicians diagnose irritable bowel syndrome and non-celiac gluten sensitivity. The fifth pillar of our strategy is to integrate our offerings into emerging health care delivery models. As we have said previously, health care delivery systems are changing. We continue to see the industry evolve toward accountable care organizations, integrated delivery networks, patient-centered medical homes and mega physician practices. Managed care companies continue to promote organized ACOs and buy physician practices. Payors and providers will increasingly move to a risk-driven model focused on and paying for cost-effective care that delivers the best possible outcomes. LabCorp is well positioned to support this transformation in health care. Our strategy to become a knowledge partner has spurred the development of enhanced services and capabilities, including BeaconLBS, Litholink clinical decision support and enhanced IT tools. We are now combining existing BeaconLBS point-of-order decision-support, Litholink point-of-results decision-support and comprehensive clinical analytics to provide physicians with knowledge-based patient management tools and a comprehensive view of the patient's care and clinical history. We will use all of these capabilities to provide critical insights to support diagnostic and therapeutic strategies for the patient's clinical condition. Our highly successful kidney stone, bone assessment, cardiovascular risk assessment and chronic kidney disease management programs are examples of the first of many LabCorp knowledge offerings that improve the delivery, outcomes and cost of health care. The critical components of success in the post-reform era will be quality, cost and a role in improving patient outcomes. LabCorp is uniquely positioned to meet these needs in the months and years to come. In summary, we are pleased with our performance and the progress that we achieved on our Five Pillar Strategy this quarter. Now Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Stephen Anderson: Thank you, Dave. "Can you describe the impact of Medicare payment cuts in 2013?" The Affordable Care Act baseline for the 2013 update to the clinical lab fee schedule was negative 0.95%. And the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act re-baselined the fee schedule an additional 2% lower. These fee schedule cuts -- reductions became effective on January 1, 2013. Due to mandatory sequestration, we received an additional 2% reduction to the clinical lab fee schedule and a separate 2% reduction to the physician fee schedule effective April 1, 2013. We are also experiencing a variety of other government payment reductions, including the reduction to CPT code 88305 and the full year impact of the TC Grandfather clause. Summed together, we continue to estimate that these payment reductions will lower our 2013 EPS by approximately $0.35. "Why are capital expenditures expected to be so high in 2013?" We typically spend approximately 3% of revenue on capital expenditures. As Brad previously mentioned, our capital expenditures increase in 2013 is driven by near-term investments in facility consolidation and replacement of a major testing platform. "Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing?" For the year, approximately 40% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. As we reiterated last quarter, our goal is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 45% of our revenue within the next 3 to 5 years. Now I'd like to take -- turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Steve, and thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It looked like the accounts receivable did rise a bit more expected on a slightly lower revenue base. Any dynamic going on there?
William B. Hayes: Hey, Bob, this is Brad. Just some timing of payments in one of our international businesses specifically. And I think the typical in the first quarter more going to patients in the form of co-pays and deductibles slowed things down a little bit.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just the pace of M&A, Dave, it's slowed down here a bit of late. Is this just the kind of the eye before the storm? Or what do you anticipate over the remainder of the year from a transaction standpoint?
David P. King: Bob, I think the pace continues to be about the same in terms of opportunities that are available. We've looked at quite a few things, a number of them we don't like the valuations and so we're biding our time and waiting for things to come along where we think the valuations are more reasonable for us. But there are still a lot of opportunities in M&A and we continue to be focused on doing the right deals that will be accretive, that will give us the target return on invested capital and that will contribute to long-term growth. And I would say, we think of MEDTOX as a terrific example of doing all those things. Accretive, good ROIC, long-term growth and expanding our capabilities and further diversification of our payor mix.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And anecdotally, on the MEDTOX, Dave, what's left to accomplish there from a consolidation standpoint?
David P. King: There are still some integration and standardization activities, particularly around platforms, reagents and supplies. But the bulk of the work has been done. It's been a great team effort between the LabCorp team and the old MEDTOX team. And we're very pleased with the way that business has not only maintained the pace at which we acquired it, but has grown.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci with Lazard Capital Markets.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I guess, just first on the volumes. Still good compared to some, but maybe a little bit lower than what you saw in the second half of last year from an organic standpoint. Do you have any thoughts about what we're seeing in terms of overall industry trend? Is there any sense that maybe the higher co-pays and deductibles that you mentioned a second ago, Brad, are they getting that much higher this year versus last year that maybe we're seeing a skewing of the seasonality a little bit in terms of when people are going to use health care? Or any thoughts you have about that would be interesting.
David P. King: Tom, it's Dave. I think you've identified a couple of the major factors here. So if you look sequentially at organic volume growth last year, other than the first quarter, which was a little bit of an oddity because of the year-over-year comp and the lack of weather, basically was 50 basis points in the third quarter, 70 basis points in the fourth quarter and now we're back to essentially flat. And I'd attribute it to a couple of things. One, there is more patient responsibility. There is more going toward patient. We actually saw a little uptick in uninsured volume in the first quarter as well. And then the last thing I would say is the overall utilization environment, just what I'm seeing in terms of others reporting, whether it's hospitals, other health care services companies, does seem to have ticked down a little bit in the first quarter, and that's what I attribute probably the bulk of the difference between the fourth quarter organic growth and the first quarter organic growth. But we're doing the same things. I think we're executing well on our strategic priorities, and again, I think this is a very solid result in terms of what we see in the environment around us.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Can you just remind us what is the sort of percent of your business that's uninsured at this point?
David P. King: Tom, I think it's about 7% of our revenue, plus or minus, in that range.
William B. Hayes: That's right, 7%.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then Dave, I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned some of the analytics tools that you're working with out there with some of the customers. Is this something that you get paid for separately? And if so, how? Or is it something more that's an additive benefit of doing business with you and it's ultimately more of a volume driver?
David P. King: At this point, because we're in pilots with a couple of sizable IPAs and physician groups, we are not getting paid separately for the analytics tools. What we are doing is, in my view, demonstrating our ability to integrate clinical data with lab data and then provide analytics to physicians that will support improved outcomes and better care. I think over time, the development of the payment model around the analytics and the integration of clinical data will occur, and it remains to be seen how we will be compensated for that. But I think it's a very important value-added services -- service. It's a key component of our strategy. And I'm very pleased with where we are on it today, given how hard we've been working on it for the last 1.5 years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess, with regards to pricing, can you talk about what you're seeing on that front? One of your competitors has talked about continued pressure and expecting pressure to continue through at least the next year. Can you give your perspective on that, please?
William B. Hayes: Yes, Gary, this is Brad. When we look at our price and what makes it up, there are a lot of variables. One is, obviously, the contractual agreements with commercial payors. We've talked about the government payment reductions. And then we get some changes also related to our payor mix, our test mix, the number of tests per requisition and even some of our international businesses. So we look at all that and how it ends up for the quarter, and we're pleased with our price. We think it demonstrates that we've exercised some pricing discipline. And yes, to your point, pricing is always under pressure. But we're pleased with our result and can't really speak to others.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then as you head into 2014 with reform, can you give us your thoughts maybe around any volume benefit you would expect to get or other changes that you might expect in the business because of reform?
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. I think reform will be a net positive. I will say there are many, many moving pieces in that -- in the calculation of how we will benefit. So you have to make some assumptions about how many people will actually be insured or be added to Medicaid and so there are -- you got to make some assumptions about the exchanges. You have to make assumptions about Medicaid expansion. You have to make assumptions about state versus federal exchanges. So you have to make some assumptions about coverage. You have to make some assumptions about pricing. You have to make some assumptions about the number of encounters per patient per year. You have to make some assumptions about how much bad debt reduction there will be, the consequence of more people being covered with insurance. When you put all of those assumptions together, as best as we can see it now, we expect there will be a volume benefit for us, and we expect that there'll be a benefit from bad debt reduction at the end of the day. So all in all, we view reform as -- under, I think, some fairly conservative assumptions, we view reform as a net positive. And obviously, the more people who get insured, the more utilization, particularly around preventive care from the newly insured, the more the benefit to the lab industry.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Any thoughts on trying to quantify that even very broadly in terms of the benefit?
David P. King: I think it's just there are just too many moving pieces to try to quantify it at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First question is just a clarification on the same-store growth number. I mean, obviously, Dave, you talked about flat volumes. But can you also give us the context of volumes in light of the day count? Because I think the organic number that you are giving us does not include the benefit from the days in the quarter. Is that correct?
William B. Hayes: No, that's incorrect, Ricky. This is Brad. We have taken the day into account when talking about our organic volume experience.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So can you just help me bridge that? Because you're starting -- if you can help with the reporting number and what acquisitions added. And were there additional acquisition aside from MEDTOX in that number?
William B. Hayes: Right. So we reported the 1.1. The day is 1.6% because we reported the per-day volume also of 2.7%. So add back weather 0.5%, you get to 3.2%. And then we're saying organic was flat, which means that acquisitions were the delta. MEDTOX is the majority of that experience.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So it's a majority of the benefit for the volume. And is it also -- does it carry a lower price per acquisition? Does it -- is it a headwind to price?
William B. Hayes: Right. That's exactly right.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then Dave, can you just give us some color on what type of conversations you're having in Washington these days? And when do you expect to see an updated lab fee schedule and the timing of any other data points that you are waiting for from Washington or CMS?
David P. King: Well, we're having a lot of conversations in Washington these days on a number of fronts because, as you know, there are a number of fairly pressing issues. One is the suggestion in the President's budget that there be further fee schedule reductions, I believe, beginning in 2015 to our fee schedule. And the -- pointing out to the legislative and executive branch the amount by which our fee schedule has already been reduced in the last 5 years and the inequity of -- and will be reduced in the next couple of years and the inequity of continuing to make reductions. Second, particularly conversation with CMX (sic) [CMS] about the molecular coding issues that are significantly affecting some of the clinical laboratory industry, particularly those that are innovating around the area of molecular diagnostics. And then the general discussion of the value, the great value proposition that the laboratory industry brings and the importance of maintaining appropriate levels of payment, so that not only the large players but also those who serve the niches and the smaller laboratories will continue to provide beneficiary access and critical services for Medicare and Medicaid patients. So I don't think we're expecting any major updates to the fee schedule, but we continue to be very, very, very much engaged at both the legislative and the executive level in discussing all of these important issues for our industry and for patients and for health care services in general.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And does -- from time to time, we're getting asked about the lab co-pay. Is that something that still comes up in your conversations? Or do you think that that's more in the back burner now?
David P. King: The general topic of a co-pay comes up more in discussions of the idea of a unified Part A and Part B co-pay than it does specifically with the lab co-pay. And I would say that's still very much a topic under discussion. Obviously, we continue to believe that a lab co-pay is not a saving to the government, it's a shift in cost from the government to Medicare beneficiaries and that it will have the perverse effect of actually reducing people getting the services they need and presenting to physicians in emergency rooms much more acutely, and therefore, costing the system money at the end of the day. So we have those discussions. I wouldn't say this is a front burner issue, but it's -- there are still discussion of it in Washington and particularly among the policy people.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Dave, you talked earlier about some improved efficiencies around lab consolidation activities, et cetera. Is there a way for you or Brad to quantify what those potential cost savings could be?
David P. King: Lisa, it's Dave. I think it's early for us to quantify that. So we will at an appropriate time, but now is not the appropriate time.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Do you expect that it would be a material number? Or do you just think that this will be something that will offset inflationary kinds of cost?
David P. King: I'm hesitant to put a number on it for the reasons I just stated. I will repeat what I think I said on our last call, which is without a lot of fanfare at LabCorp, we're consistently working on the cost structure. We're consistently taking out enough costs to make sure that we deliver great value to our shareholders, and we're going to continue to do that.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And then I heard your comments around ACA, but again earlier in your prepared comments, you talked about emerging health care models. Can you maybe just give us an idea of how you're working with IDNs and accountable care organizations? I mean, we clearly have seen this trend where hospitals are taking more and more volume in-house as they're buying physician practices, et cetera. What are some of the things that you're doing to combat that and to work more closely with both IDNs, physician practices, accountable care organizations, whatever you want to call the new models?
David P. King: I think the fundamental thing is to expand the range of services that we provide from just pure clinical laboratory services, which, make no mistake, are critical to patient care, but to expand those services beyond just providing a test result to helping the physician select the proper tests, interpret the test results, combine it with the clinical data available on the patient and help guide the physician to better outcomes. And so those are really primary activities. In terms of hospitals, in my view, the pressure on cost, the need for cost reduction, the changes in payment structure will lead hospitals ultimately to look for collaborative ways to work with people who can provide them high-quality services at a lower cost than they can provide it themselves. And if you look at things that hospitals have outsourced and are outsourcing, I think this will continue to be the trend. You've seen anesthesiology, radiology, emergency room being outsourced and I think that's going to continue. So we're really focused on developing collaborative business relationships with hospitals as opposed to just buying customer lists from them, and that's where we're going to continue to stay focused as we develop our capabilities inside this new care model.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just based on your comments around this new care model, do you think you get paid for not just the volume but it sounded to me like you're almost creating a lab benefit management type company? Is that the right way to think about it? And can you get paid in addition to just doing the lab itself for all of these other services you just mentioned?
David P. King: I think we can get paid, for the reasons that I mentioned in answer to Gary's question. I don't think we get paid on day 1. I think we have to prove that our capabilities work, but I think we get paid over time. And I would describe it not so much as a lab benefit management system as I would as a care management system focused around making sure that the patient is getting the right laboratory tests, combined with the right other diagnostic and clinical interventions at the right time. And that -- those are the capabilities that we're developing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So I had a few follow-ups here. So I guess, first, to Tom's earlier question on underlying volume growth. So historically, we've talked about 2% to 3% volume growth, and now we're seeing it more like 0% to 1%. I guess I'm just curious, is there any evidence at this point that we're not -- we haven't just seen a fundamental reset there, just given higher deductible plans? Or do you still expect the volume growth ultimately -- putting ACA aside for a minute, but the underlying volume growth to come back to sort of pre-recession levels?
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. Obviously, the environment has been persistently a low-growth environment. But there are a lot of reasons for that, many of which we've talked about and you've talked about on the -- you guys have talked about on the call already. So higher patient co-pays and deductibles, hospitals acquiring physician practices, generally muted utilization, even weather, all these things have an impact. I'm just not prepared to say that we're not going to return to the kind of typical 2% to 3% volume growth that we've seen historically. It's certainly taken longer than I thought it would. But I still feel very optimistic over time that we are going to see organic volume growth in our business because all of the tailwinds: the aging population, the development of new and more improved laboratory testing, the opportunity for a collaboration with hospitals to move testing to more efficient points of care. I just think over time, yes, we're going to see that historical growth rate that we saw in the past.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, you guys have talked about leverage and a desire to increase leverage over time. Is there any update on timing there and what you ultimately might do with those funds?
David P. King: I think we spoke to that in the prepared remarks, that we do intend to increase the leverage to 2.5x over time and that we would expect, absent sizable acquisition opportunities, that the bulk of that -- those additional funds will be directed toward share repurchase. Obviously, how and when we get there will be determined by a large number of factors, and we can't give you specifics on what the timing will be or how it will play out over time.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then last one on M&A and you've talked a lot about that already as well. But I'm curious, what type of assets are you seeing coming to market? Is it -- has it changed at all? Or is it still consistent? And in terms of your focus on specific targets, are you sort of still sticking to the core lab space? Or are you considering anything, moving outside of your core business?
David P. King: I would say in terms of what's coming to market, as you might expect, there's a -- there has been an increase in the number of pathology labs, specialty pathology labs that have come to market. There's probably an increase in the number of labs that are serving nursing homes and long-term care. I attribute these mostly to reimbursement activities by the government. There continue to be a sizable number of opportunities that we think of as kind of being right in the fairway for us, which are core clinical business, specialized esoteric business. In terms of moving outside the core laboratory business, anything that we do is going to be based on our core laboratory capabilities, and I don't see us at this point making any significant moves away from what we've always done, which is be a superior provider of high-quality, low-cost lab services. There are plenty of acquisitions in and around the lab space that are attractive to us, and those are the things that we're going to be focused on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just a few things, starting off with the issues that hit margins this quarter. I was wondering, Brad, maybe could you quantify the impacts of the weather and payment reductions and the fewer days in the quarter?
William B. Hayes: Yes. Kevin, I'm not going to break them out each one individually, but I'll give them to you in order of impact. First, the payment reduction was the biggest impact by far to that year-over-year comparison followed by an equally -- an equal impact of the 2 items of a day and weather. So that's kind of how we look at it. When we think about those 3 things, which we can quantify for ourselves, that is the primary difference between margins in the first quarter this year compared to last year.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Understood. And with the day, obviously, that has to do with leap year from last year. But was timing of holiday and the weightings of the days in the week, was that lower this quarter versus last year as well?
William B. Hayes: Well, we take all that into account when we compute our number of days. So any holiday impact would have been in our computation of the days, and we see about a day less this quarter compared to the first quarter of last year.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it, okay. And then not to drill down too much, but SG&A was up a little bit as a percent of revenue this quarter. Obviously, you guys have done a great job of keeping a tight lid on expenses. Just wondering if there was anything unusual this quarter and should we expect a similar types of cost savings over the next few quarters and long term.
William B. Hayes: Yes. So if I look at the SG&A as a percent of sales, Kevin, it's sequentially in line the first quarter compared to quarters 2 through 4 last year. And it also was impacted by payment reductions, weather and a day. If I look in terms of absolute dollars on a year-over-year basis between Q1 last year and this year, MEDTOX is obviously an impact item there in terms of absolute dollars. In terms of going forward, as tying back to Dave's comments of kind of what we do on an ongoing basis, we continue to look for ways to reduce our costs by doing things better and SG&A is definitely a focal point of a number of those activities.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it, okay. And then Dave, just kind of slipping over. In the wake of the Supreme Court's oral arguments for Myriad and BRCA, is there any change to your thoughts on commercialization plans?
David P. King: Kevin, no, not at the moment. I think, obviously, everyone is very interested in what the outcome of that case is going to be. And when the decision is rendered, we'll make the decision about how we proceed in terms of new opportunities for commercialization of tests or there may not be opportunities. Again, it really is dependent on what the court tells us.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it, understood. And then just lastly, I was wondering, could you provide any more color on the Bristol-Myers clinical trials testing announcement that came out? Is that meaningful? And are there other big opportunities you guys are looking at with any of the other major pharma companies?
David P. King: Sure. The clinical trial central lab business has been a very successful business for us over the last 7 years, and through a combination of acquisitions and organic growth, has basically tripled in size, which we're very pleased about. I think the -- being selected as a preferred partner by Bristol-Myers is a validation that the many things that we've done to grow the business, to create the bioanalytical capabilities, to expand internationally with our labs now in China, Singapore and Japan, we are a real contender in the central lab business, and we will continue to pursue these opportunities because they're great from a pricing perspective and they allow us to do a lot of development work of innovative testing and companion diagnostics in collaboration with our pharma partners.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First one had to do with market share trends. Just wondering if you would mind compare and contrasting what you're seeing from your larger lab competitors versus the in-source market as we get closer to ACA implementation. I'm just curious where you see the best opportunities to pick up a little bit of share.
David P. King: Isaac, it's Dave. Obviously, the great majority of testing is still in the hospital environment and it's being performed in a high-cost environment and it's being billed at a high cost compared to our cost and our pricing. So I think the greatest opportunity for gain in share continues to be for the reasons that I've already stated and answered the previous question. The trends are going to drive laboratory services to more efficient and higher quality situses of care, and so I think we're going to see the opportunity to pick up share from hospitals over time.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. And maybe just to follow up there. I mean, I guess what I should have said more clearly is, do you think there's a mindset in the marketplace that as we move closer to ACA, there's more willingness to sort of reassess where our testing gets done, whether it be through the payor side or with hospitals? Did you sense that conversations of that nature are starting to happen as we get closer to ACA?
David P. King: Yes, I do. I agree with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a few things left here. Wanted to just go back to volume performance in the quarter. And I guess, more specifically, can you give us some level of breakdown between the routine and the esoteric growth in Q1? And then any commentary about where you're seeing some strength or some softness in any particular areas? And Dave, it would be nice just to get your thoughts on hepatitis testing, given the guidelines always had some time for the physician community to react. Just curious to see how that's been trending.
David P. King: Sure. So esoteric volume in the quarter was up about 2% per day, driven by, well, multiple factors going in different directions. So some nice growth in some of our new testing, offset by some decline in vitamin D and still the pressure on surgical pathology and histology. On the HCV, the year-over-year performance is very impressive in terms of the amount of HCV screen that we're requiring -- I'm sorry, that we're receiving. There has been a significant public relations campaign by the government through the CDC to get baby boomers screened for hepatitis C. So the screening test is not an expensive test, but the volumes are up nicely. And then, of course, for those that screen positive, it's very important that they get follow-up testing, including genotyping testing, viral load testing and, in many cases, the companion diagnostic testing for which drug the patient will respond to. So I continue to think hepatitis C is a big opportunity, and we've had the leading hepatitis C franchise for years, very much strengthened by the terrific work that our Monogram specialty lab is doing. And we look forward to capitalizing on that opportunity over time, Darren.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So you did provide the esoteric growth per day, sorry if I missed this, but the routine, how did that break down?
William B. Hayes: That would be a little over 3% on a per-day basis.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, Dave, do you care to just maybe size the level of growth for your hepatitis franchise, just to maybe give us some thoughts about how it is growing?
David P. King: I don't think the -- I don't think it's meaningful to give you percentage increases in the screening volumes because they -- the percentages are going to be grossly disproportionate to the amount of screening that we do. Let's just say we've seen very nice year-over-year growth. And as we get that testing, again, our goal always is not to win tests but to win accounts, so it gives us the opportunity to provide a more comprehensive set of services, both to primary care and specialty physicians.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's great. And then if I could, just, Brad, maybe a numbers question here. Income from JVs, not terribly outside of the band of what we'd expect, but definitely a little bit higher this quarter. Can you comment on that and maybe just give us some flavor for how it might look for the balance of the year?
William B. Hayes: I don't think it was very much different than what we expected and wouldn't expect it to be that much different on the year. So nothing significant that I could point to there.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just the last thing. Any update at all about the Canadian operations? I think there was, at some point, some discussion that you might seek out a partner. And where are you in that? And are there opportunities to go beyond the Ontario province?
David P. King: There are a number of opportunities in Canada and we continue to spend time there. Very pleased with our businesses that we have, and we are continually looking for opportunities to grow there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a couple of quick, last few questions. The first, on the fourth quarter, $49 million of acquisition spending. Can you -- was that an earn-out or was there actually something real in there that you could discuss?
William B. Hayes: Gary, this is Brad. I'm going to have to go back and look at that and get back to you on that.
David P. King: But Gary, it's Dave. There was nothing sizable in the fourth quarter that would have contributed to first quarter performance. As Brad mentioned, I mean, MEDTOX is the driver of most of the nonorganic growth.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then just my last question. We were reading about Aetna lowering pricing coming up this July in its standard lab fee schedule. Obviously, you don't have a lot of exposure to Aetna with Quest having the national contract. But would this -- is there any way that what they would be doing on the rate side, this particular payor, have any material impact on LabCorp?
David P. King: I saw the same article that you did, I think, in one of the trade magazines. And we -- and that's the first that we were made aware of it. So I think we're not in a position to answer that question at this time. I don't think it would have a material impact on us given the relationship with Aetna, but I can't give you a definitive answer.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. As -- I'll ask for this, but I expect I probably won't get it: Aetna, as a percent of revenue, broadly? I mean, this is, I would imagine, single-digit percentage of revenue?
David P. King: Yes, we don't, obviously, specify how much percentage of revenue any of our customers is, so I'm going to make your prediction come true and not tell you the answer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sandy Draper with Raymond James.
Alexander Y. Draper - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked and I did have to drop off for a second, so if this question got asked, just tell me to go back to the transcript. Dave, I was curious if you could comment a little bit. I know Lisa had brought up the hospital trend and what's going on there. It's -- clearly, there may be some changes. Are you seeing any change in the marketplace now with the discussions that you're having with hospitals? Or is it sort of still the same in that you expect changes to happen as we get further into ACA and ACOs in further developments? Or are you already seeing more and differentiated discussions than you were seeing maybe 12, 24 months ago?
David P. King: Sandy, I did comment on that, so I'll just reiterate briefly. I mean, I think that across all of health care services, there are discussions going on about how we can provide the highest quality care at the most efficient point of service. I think there's a greater willingness on the part of hospitals to talk about ways that they can collaborate with us and build a sustainable model over time in which we can work together to provide the highest quality, lowest cost of care with the best outcomes. So there's a lot going on in health care services. There's a lot of change happening, and I think the tenor of the conversations has been very positive. But as fast as change goes, change also go slowly in terms of the way that large organizations do business, and we're going to be -- we're going to continue to be very persistent in pointing out that we can improve the cost structure and the quality side of the way lab services are delivered to patients.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could provide a number on what you expect the consolidated charges and expenses to be on the year? I mean, obviously, you reported some in the quarter for the consolidation activity, but what do you think that number will be in aggregate for the year?
William B. Hayes: Frank, this is Brad. That's not typically a number that we would guide to.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Secondly, on the follow-up to Gary's question on -- are there any other major contracts that you have that are of significant size or coming up for renewal this year?
David P. King: Frank, it's Dave. As we've said, we are in discussions with both Cigna and Humana about contract status, and we expect those to be resolved during the year this year.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then one final question. Just in terms of number of tests per requisition, are you seeing any kind of pressure at all from commercial payors on that? Is that a lever that they might have to try to lower overall utilization and cost, and I'll hop off.
David P. King: It's Dave. I don't think we're seeing pressure on test per requisition from commercial payors. And realistically, I think that would be a very hard lever to pull because the doctor is ordering the tests per requisition based on what he or she thinks is in the best interest of patient care. I think it would be awfully tough to tell doctors, "You're only allowed to order 1.0 tests per requisition."
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones, if possible. I know we've talked a lot about your discussions with hospitals and others on ACOs and to some degree, exchanges. Any pressure or any offering to -- on their part to ask you to take on any kind of risk-based contracts of any sort? And do you have any openness to that?
David P. King: A.J., it's Dave. That was a pretty broad introduction, covering everything from hospitals to ACOs to exchanges. So yes, certainly, there are people we talk to who are interested in risk-based contracts. And in the appropriate circumstance, certainly, we would consider that. I mean, if you think about our UnitedHealthcare contract, certainly, it was a risk-based contract in that we agreed to cover some leakage as part of the initial contract. So in the appropriate circumstances, with the right parameters and with us having confidence that we can execute, yes, we would be willing to think about risk-based contracts, but that would certainly be the exception rather than the rule.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So that -- but that's not the way you sort of see this evolving? That, that becomes a meaningfully more significant portion of your business or anything?
David P. King: Not in the near term, absolutely.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. On the comment about bad debt being one of the places where you'd see some benefit, I guess, one potential, at least to narrow it down, you're running 4.3% bad debt today. How much of that is co-pays and deductibles, and how much of that is uninsured? I'm assuming that the opportunity under ACA would largely be on the uninsured side as opposed to the co-pays and deductibles. Am I right in thinking that way?
William B. Hayes: A.J., this is Brad. You're right. Most of that 4.3% is driven by our uninsured experience, so that's where we see the potential benefit as a result of ACA.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So you would say most of the 4.3% is uninsured? There's not a big...
William B. Hayes: I'd say 70% to 80% -- 70%, 80%.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. All right. And then lastly, and I think you guys certainly spent some time on it last quarter, you mentioned it again today. This upgrade that you're doing of the 10-year testing platform, it sounds like that's sort of unique to this year. Can you give us any sense, is that -- is the cost associated with doing that -- or I don't know if there's any disruption, is that in any way impacting the numbers this year? Is it meaningful enough to do that, that we should be aware that there's a cost that you're incurring for that?
David P. King: No, I mean, we've called it out as being part of the capital that we're incurring, but it's not meaningful from an expense perspective.
Stephen Anderson: Okay. It's the top of the hour so we have a couple more people in the queue and I'm just going to ask you, unless it's something that really has not been asked before, please, let's try to wrap up the call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Vendetti with Maxim Group.
Anthony V. Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Just real quickly. Over the last 5 years, can you just give like an estimate of how much the clinical lab fee schedule has been cut? And do you think future cuts will be more driven by specific CPT codes?
David P. King: Anthony, it's Dave. We -- the clinical lab fee schedule over the last -- I'd say, this year, obviously, it was a 5% cut. I don't have the number right in front of me of what the 5-year impact was, but obviously we can provide that to you. In terms of future cuts, I think the President's budget just talks about an across-the-board fee schedule cut. I understand, though, that individual codes can be reviewed from time to time as the 88305 was this year. So I don't think there's any way of predicting where the pressure will be. But to go back to the discussion with Ricky, we're spending a lot of time through ACLA and individually, in Washington, explaining the value of laboratory services, how they drive physician decisions and support better patient care and why these cuts are really detrimental to Medicare beneficiaries, Medicaid beneficiaries, access and receipt of quality care.
Anthony V. Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. And esoteric volume, I know it was up 2% per day, but what was it up in total in the quarter?
David P. King: On an absolute basis, it would have been 0.2%.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up. On the uninsured, I think you said that you saw an uptick in Q1. Was that just related to the flu? Or I guess, what drove this uptick?
David P. King: Kevin, it's Dave. We don't really have any way of knowing. The patients come to the patient service centers or the tests come from the doctor's office. We don't have any way of knowing what's causing the uptick. As we've said many times, flu is not a big driver of clinical laboratory testing, so it would be surprising if that were the reason.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. David King for any closing remarks.
David P. King: Thank you. I do just want to close with a personal observation, and that is that, as I think you all know, Bob Hagemann is leaving Quest and so this is our opportunity to say something about Bob. And what I would say is there's a lot of respect at LabCorp for Bob. I think he's been around for more than 15 years. And when he started in this industry, the industry was flat on its back with DSOs over 100 and bad debt over 10%. And it's guys like Tom McMahon [ph] and Ken Freeman, West Allenberg [ph] and Bob Hagemann who really had the discipline to help put this industry back on its feet and turn it into what it is today, which is a tremendous value and a great driver of exceptional patient care. So as I said, there's a lot of respect here for Bob Hagemann. The industry will miss him, and we wish him well in all of his future endeavors. And with that, we wish you good day, and thank you for listening to our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David P. King - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Stephen Anderson William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Dane Leone - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter 4 2012 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sean, and I will be your operator today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. David King, Chairman and CEO. Please proceed, sir.
David P. King: Thank you, Sean. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Fourth Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are: Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2012 financial results, provide 2013 guidance, highlight our progress on our Five Pillar Strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
Stephen Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our website, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS, adjusted EPS excluding amortization, free cash flow and adjusted operating income. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect the company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2011 10-K and will be in our 2012 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I will review 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. I'll also provide our 2013 guidance. First, cash flow. Our cash flow remains strong. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended December 31, 2012, was $667.6 million. Free cash flow was below our expectations as a result of lower operating cash flow and higher capital spending. Operating cash flow was lower in part due to payment to certain key vendors to take advantage of favorable economics, as well as the negative impact due to weather. Also operating cash flow was reduced by a one-time out-of-period adjustment of $34 million related to a balance sheet reclassification between cash and accounts payable. Without this adjustment, 2012 operating cash flow would have been $875 million. Certain capital expenditures were made in the fourth quarter to take advantage of favorable economics. These factors are included in our 2013 guidance. DSO was 46 days at the end of December, a decrease of 2 days sequentially and flat year-over-year. During the quarter, our bad debt rate was 4.3%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 2.9% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. During the quarter, total company volume increased 2.8%. Organic volume increased 0.7% year-over-year, adjusted for the impact of inclement weather, which we estimate reduced volume growth by approximately 1% during the quarter. Revenue per requisition was essentially flat year-over-year. Third, margin. For the fourth quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 17.2% compared to 18.9% in the fourth quarter of 2012. We estimate that inclement weather lowered margin by approximately 80 basis points during the quarter. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of December, we had cash of $466.8 million and no borrowings outstanding under our $1 billion credit facility. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased $136 million of stock, representing 1.6 million shares. For the full year, we repurchased $516.4 million of stock, representing 5.9 million shares. At the end of December, $68 million of repurchase authorization remained under our share repurchase program. This morning, we announced that LabCorp's Board of Directors authorized a new $1 billion share repurchase program. Further, as part of our updated capital allocation strategy that we announced last month, we will raise our leverage ratio to 2.5x debt to EBITDA over time. This strategy reflects our continued commitment to return capital to and create value for our shareholders through acquisitions and share repurchase. This morning, we announced our 2013 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth in the range of approximately 2% to 3%; adjusted EPS excluding amortization of $6.85 to $7.15, which includes a negative impact of approximately $0.35 due to Medicare payment reductions, and which excludes the impact of any share repurchase activity after December 31, 2012; operating cash flow of approximately $870 million to $900 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $200 million to $220 million. Our capital expenditure guidance is higher than historical levels due to near-term investments in facility consolidation and replacement of a major testing platform. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Brad. We are pleased with our performance, given that we continue to face a very difficult operating environment. During 2012, we grew revenue 2.3%. We grew adjusted EPS excluding amortization by 7.1%. We continued to generate strong operating and free cash flow, which we invested in the business and returned to shareholders through share purchase. We repurchased $516 million of our stock, representing 5.9 million of our shares. And we kept a tight lid on expenses, measurably reducing our selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue. We continue to make progress on each aspect of our Five Pillar Strategy. The first pillar of our strategy is that we deploy capital to investments that enhance our business and return capital to shareholders. Last month, we announced a target leverage ratio of 2.5x debt to EBITDA, which all other things being equal, we intend to achieve over time. We expect to continue to deploy our capital toward acquisitions and share repurchase. Over the last several years, we have deployed our free cash flow almost evenly between acquisitions and share repurchase. Going forward, we would expect to deploy our free cash flow similarly. And in the absence of sizable acquisition opportunities, we anticipate deploying our additional leverage largely towards share repurchase. The second pillar of our strategy is to enhance our IT capabilities to improve the physician and patient experience. As planned, we completed the nationwide rollout of our Beacon Patient Portal in Q4, which is now available to all patients in right-to-know states. The portal is a secure and easy-to-use online solution that enables patients to receive and share lab results, make appointments, pay bills, set up automatic alerts and notifications, and manage health information for the entire family. We experienced fast adoption of the portal in 2012 and are now seeing accelerated growth as we enter 2013, adding more than 1,000 new patient registrations per day. The Patient Portal is a valuable tool that allows patients to better manage their health care, and we will expand its capabilities over time. Our electronic medical record connectivity continues to expand. We added over 8,200 new client EMR interfaces in 2012, and we are setting the bar higher for 2013. We remain committed to our open platform strategy, allowing our customers to connect seamlessly to LabCorp directly or via the EMR of their choice. We piloted a number of new population health analytics modules during the fourth quarter to provide health care business intelligence tools to hospitals, physician practices and ACOs. These tools assist customers in their compliance in reporting requirements with respect to efficient management of their productivity, quality and patient outcome metrics. The company's robust rules engine maintains more than 600 clinical quality measures that are highly customizable and provide full compliance with meaningful use requirements and ACO, JCO and PQRS reporting requirements. Real-time clinical alerts highlight gaps in care for patients and patient populations. These industry-leading, data-driven services position LabCorp as a trusted partner to health care stakeholders, providing the knowledge to optimize decision-making, improve health outcomes and reduce treatment costs. The third pillar of our strategy is to continue to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services. During the fourth quarter, we implemented our Propel robotic technology in our primary Burlington lab. Over time, we expect this technology to replace manual splitting and sorting throughout our major laboratories, enhancing efficiency and increasing quality. We look forward to providing updates on our Propel initiative over the next several quarters. We also made significant progress in the rollout of the VANTAGE positive ID system, which is now implemented in more than 90% of our core histology sites. This system standardizes workflow, eliminates waste and positively identifies specimens throughout processing. We completed the rollout of our new handheld courier communication devices during the quarter. This enhancement provides greater visibility into specimen collection, enables more accurate route engineering and increases courier efficiency. Finally, given the persistently challenging environment, we continue to review and rationalize our cost structure. The fourth pillar of our strategy is to continue scientific innovation at reasonable and appropriate pricing. We introduce new tests and collaborate with leading companies and academic institutions to provide physicians and patients with the most scientifically advanced testing in our industry. During the fourth quarter, we launched a program to assist clinicians in the screening, assessment, diagnosis, confirmation and management of cardiovascular-related disorders. The program uses LabCorp Beacon for test orders, result delivery, analytics and trending, and a cardiovascular disease risk assessment for lipid analysis. This decision support tool is provided by our Litholink division, which focuses on chronic disease management. As we discussed last quarter, the rapid evolution of next-generation sequencing technology is enhancing our molecular diagnostics testing. Consistent with these enhancements, we are launching the GeneSeq cardio test, which allows us to identify more than 90 genetic causes of familial cardiac disease through next-generation sequencing methods. We believe that next -- that GeneSeq cardio will be a usual prognostic tool to identify positive family history and symptoms of cardiomyopathy, arrhythmia, aortopathy, Noonan syndrome, congenital heart disease and early-onset coronary artery disease. This testing will help establish and confirm the diagnosis of familial cardiac disease and identify the need for regular cardiac screening, lifestyle changes or intervention to prevent progression of cardiac complications. Additional clinical utility could include the identification of first-degree relatives who have inherited a disease-causing genetic variant and may be at risk for myocardial infarction, stroke or sudden cardiac death. The fifth pillar of our strategy is to develop alternative delivery models. As we have said, there are fundamental changes taking place in our industry. We see health care moving toward large health systems, integrated delivery networks, accountable care organizations, patient-centered medical homes and mega physician practices. We also see managed care companies organizing ACOs and buying physician practices. Our capabilities provide an end-to-end lab solution for these customers, meeting the requirements of new care models with population health management tools, decision-support programs, patient counseling, integrated clinical reports and patient-centric data solutions. These offerings are focused around IT, but it is the completeness of our solution for lab needs that differentiates LabCorp and provides value for our customers. Our BeaconLBS platform is a point-of-care, decision-support service that interfaces with test ordering systems to help guide physicians in lab and test selection. Physicians, patients, health care delivery systems and payors will benefit from this innovation, which will improve quality and more effectively manage costs without disrupting physician workflow. Our rules engine interfaces with provider and payor policies for ordering, utilization, adjudication and payment. Our pilot programs are going well as BeaconLBS continues to receive high marks for its ease of use and its ability to help practices enhance patient care. Health systems provide adequate lab services, but most of these businesses make a small profit or operate at a loss. Changes in test mix, reduced reimbursement for government and private payors, and cost inflation continue to pressure health systems, and thus they are increasingly interested in broad collaborations. Because of our scale, we offer a broader menu of tests more affordably for patients and payors, and the ability to maintain the highest levels of quality and service to health systems and the community they serve. We will continue to pursue these collaborations to offer an enterprise-wide solution that provides health systems, patients, physicians and payors with the highest-quality diagnostic testing through the lowest-cost delivery model. As health care reform continues to evolve, we will continue to focus on providing all of our customers with the highest value for their laboratory spend, improving quality, reducing costs and improving outcomes. In summary, we are pleased with our performance and the progress we achieved on our Five Pillar Strategy this year. Now Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Stephen Anderson: Thank you, Dave. "Can you describe the impact of Medicare payment cuts you will face in 2013?" The Affordable Care Act baseline for the 2013 update to the clinical lab fee schedule was negative 0.95%. And the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act rebaselined the fee schedule an additional 2% lower. These fee schedule reductions became effective on January 1, 2013. If mandatory sequestration is implemented, we will receive an additional 2% reduction to the clinical lab fee schedule and a separate 2% reduction to the physician fee schedule, effective April 1, 2013. We also face significant impacts as a result of a variety of other government payment reductions, including the reduction to CPT code 88305 and the full year impact of the TC Grandfather Clause. Summed together, we estimate that these payment reductions will lower our 2013 EPS by approximately $0.35. "Why is the midpoint of your initial 2013 EPS guidance approximately $0.25 below consensus?" Our guidance encompasses a wide range of potential outcomes, and we are just beginning 2013. We continue to note that the diluted share counts in analyst estimates differ considerably from our own and from each other. In reviewing these forecasts, we note that the average share count across sell-side models implies a $0.17 benefit in 2013 from share repurchase. As we stated in our press release this morning, our guidance excludes the impact of share repurchase, effective after December 31, 2012. Further, as I noted in my previous comments, we face several Medicare reductions in 2013. It appears that most analysts did not model the full impact of these reductions in their 2013 estimates as we projected the negative impact of the major 2013 Medicare reductions at $0.22 on our third quarter conference call, $0.13 lower than the full projected impact of the 2013 Medicare reductions that we described this morning. "Why are capital expenditures so high in 2013?" We typically spend approximately 3% of revenue on capital expenditures. As Brad previously mentioned, our capital expenditure increase in 2013 is driven by near-term investments in facility consolidation and replacement of a major testing platform. "Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing?" For the year, approximately 40% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. As we reiterated last quarter, our goal is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 45% of our revenue within the next 3 to 5 years. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Steve. And thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci, Lazard Capital Markets.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I guess, I had 2 questions. The first one was sort of on the '13 outlook. Obviously, Medicare is a big negative. But I'm wondering what -- if you could highlight some of the positive drivers that overcome some of the pressures on the business as you look out. I know in the past, you've talked about Genzyme and MEDTOX and [indiscernible], et cetera, sort of ramping up. Is that still the case? So if you could just explore some of the positives versus the negatives as we think about the '13 moving parts.
William B. Hayes: Tom, it's Brad. I'd like to say a couple of things to answer your question. One is, obviously, we face the Medicare cuts that we described and you referred to. Secondly, we have some offset of those cuts from increases in payment from other payor types that are nongovernment. So there's one thing that helps to offset. We also have continued acquisition integration from Genzyme and some of the other acquisitions that we've done since that date that also help to offset. Given the 2% to 3% top line revenue guidance, we still think of it as a low organic growth environment, which is what I think keeps some of the positives from offsetting the negative from the payment reduction.
David P. King: And Tom, it's Dave. Just to add one further point. We're encouraged that organic volume growth increased sequentially from 3Q to 4Q. So we have some cautious optimism that we're going to see better organic volume growth as we go forward through 2013.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And in that 2% to 3% you mentioned, Brad, there's small acquisitions in there as you normally would have, maybe a 0.5% or 1% or so?
William B. Hayes: Not really. I mean, just the annualized impact of MEDTOX and some of the smaller ones that we did in 2012.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. So nothing new or incremental that you haven't done yet in terms of top line that would add to the top line?
William B. Hayes: No.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, good. That's good. And then just I guess, a big-picture question. I don't know if you want to take a stab at it, Dave. But obviously for a lot of health care these days, thinking about health care reform in 2014 and beyond has become a lot of the focus for investors. So any updated thoughts on how reform will impact your company and your industry?
David P. King: Tom, I think reform will be a net positive to us. There are a lot of moving parts. And some of them, such as how will the exchanges actually work, what will pricing be through the exchanges and how many states will actually participate in Medicaid expansion, remain unclear at this point. But at a high level, I think we will see volume growth, offset to some extent by reduced pricing on the business that is coming through the company now that is uninsured that will be subject to insurance rates and a net benefit from reduction in the bad debt rate. So we view it as a net positive. But again a lot of moving pieces and too early to try to even begin to quantify it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby, Bank of America.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dave or Brad, does the larger share repurchase authorization suggest any kind of moratorium on acquisitions near-term or any kind of comment on deal pricing that you're seeing?
David P. King: Bob, it's Dave. It does not suggest a moratorium on acquisition activity. The pipeline remains quite active. The share repurchase commitment and the board's endorsement of the $1 billion in share repurchase authorization reflects more our continued commitment to using share repurchase as a way to return capital to shareholders.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just another broader question, who are you talking to now with your greater kind of technology and electronic connectivity that you weren't talking to previously? Is there somebody out there vastly more intrigued with your data connectivity now?
David P. King: Bob, it's Dave. I would say the increasing prevalence of ACOs and mega physician practice groups that are thinking about transitioning to an environment in which they either share risk or take risk has made them a lot more interested in population health management and data analytics. Obviously, a lot of people are working on population health management and data analytics. One of the great benefits that we have is the enormous amount of information and data that we have on the unique patients that we see every year and the longitudinal database that we have on those same patients as they come back to see us over time. So I think as we continue to see the development of ACOs, the consolidation of physician practices and even the consolidation of health systems, the value of those data analytics will continue to increase.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So this has been the strongest volume you have reported, I think, back -- if I go back since 2001. So can you just share with us a little bit more about what's the contribution from acquisitions in the quarter? How big was MEDTOX in the numbers and if there's anything else? And then what are you seeing overall in the marketplace? Are you taking share? Or are you seeing just overall an improved environment?
William B. Hayes: Ricky, this is Brad. On the volume side, there's a significant contribution from MEDTOX. We had that for a full quarter in the fourth quarter as opposed to 2/3 of the quarter in the third. So that is a significant contributor. But still as we look beyond that, as we pointed out and Dave mentioned a second ago, too, adjusted for weather, because that was about 1 point drag on the volume growth, we still saw organic volume in the quarter of 0.7%. And sequentially, that is better than we saw in Q3 and any other quarter, I believe, of 2012. So on the volume side, a lot from MEDTOX but some organic there as well.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And when you think about organically, are you growing with the market? Or do you think that you're taking share?
David P. King: Ricky, it's Dave. That's a very difficult question to answer just because it's hard to know how the market is growing. I think we're growing with the market. I will say we continue to see in our patient and physician satisfaction surveys very strong satisfaction with the quality of our service level. And I think that, that is a very important aspect of why organic volume has increased sequentially.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then can you just break down for us the weather impact of -- I think it was about $13 million to the EBIT line by cost of goods and SG&A?
William B. Hayes: Yes. Ricky, this is Brad. Really, when we think about the weather impact, the only costs that are involved are our supply cost, the direct variable cost of the testing, as well as bad debt. So the supply cost would be in cost of goods, the bad debt would be in SG&A.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And we can assume just the bad debt that's kind of at the corporate level?
William B. Hayes: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman, Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you discuss any impact at all that you've seen on the competition from the reimbursement cuts, either from a business perspective or a willingness to try to go after acquisitions?
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. Obviously, the reimbursement impact hits all laboratories and indeed hits hospitals that perform Medicare laboratory services as well. The biggest impact we've seen in the marketplace is in the anatomic pathology-focused specialty businesses simply because as you recognize from Steve's commentary, the clinical lab fee schedule, the physician fee schedule and the 88305 reduction all have a direct impact on them. So the entire industry has been affected by this. And I think we're seeing some of the smaller and some of the specialty players be more cognizant of the opportunity to monetize their businesses than maybe they were earlier in 2012.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just in terms of thinking about the additional leverage that you guys plan to take on. I mean, it would indicate a fairly sizable dollar amount. So it would seem like it would leave you more than enough capital to do share purchases at, at least the rate that you've been for the past year or so and also acquisitions. So is there anything specific or general that you're thinking you're going to use it for and, I guess, the timing in terms of how long you think it's going to take you to increase the leverage?
David P. King: Obviously, we don't guide to our share repurchase activity. And so I want to make sure that nobody's interpreting this as giving guidance on our share repurchase activity. As I said in the prepared comments, if you look at the last 5 years, it's been almost exactly half of our free cash flow to acquisitions and half to share repurchase. And going forward, we would expect to deploy our free cash flow similarly, about half to acquisitions and half to share repurchase. The additional leverage that we've talked about, by and large, and again all other things being equal in the absence of sizable acquisition opportunities, we would expect the additional leverage to be deployed toward share purchase. We don't have a specific time frame for when we would achieve the target leverage largely because, going back to your last question, the acquisition market is very active, the environment is very fluid. And so we're going to be strategic about how we deploy that additional leverage and how we reach the leverage point over time.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor, Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: As I kind of do my math on the volume, I just want to see if you agree with this. So reported 2.8%, I guess, really would have been 3.8% adding back the weather. And then you're saying 0.7% of that is organic. So MEDTOX and other deals added about 3.1% year-over-year?
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. The only observation I would make on that is -- and I don't mean to split hairs. But some of that 1% that we lost due to weather would have been organic as well. So your numbers are close. I don't think there is a material difference there. But as reported, if you don't take account of that 1%, then I would agree with you, 0.7% organic and the rest, acquisitions. I think some of that 1% would have been driven by organic growth as well.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. It's a fair point. I guess, what I'm interested in is you had commented that the underlying organic was better sequentially. And I see that as well. But shouldn't we believe that the very widespread flu activity and presumably physician office activity might have contributed to some of that sequential improvement and maybe not to read too much into that heading into '13?
David P. King: It's Dave again. I mean, far be it from me to suggest how you should interpret the data. The only thing that I will say is our business is not driven by flu. Most of the flu that we test for at all is going to be rapid point-of-care testing in patient service centers. As you probably know, most rapid flu testing is done in physician offices and is not sent out. So my view is the flu season really doesn't have an impact, a strong impact one way or the other. But again that's my view. And you may have a different view of how to interpret the data.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And for Brad, on the amortization acceleration, I assume that, that's in the amortization line, but that -- if we exclude that, that means kind of the recurring amortization number drops to $17 million, which looks low. Is that the right quarterly run rate into '13?
William B. Hayes: Gary, the $6.2 million is in the number for the amortization. And I think some things are rolling off. So generally, amortization is coming down as some things get fully amortized. But again since that's a number that we add back for our adjusted EPS in the way we guide and the way we report, it's interesting, but I don't think it affects our guidance or our results.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Well, I guess, I'm thinking the run rate amortization has been roughly $21 million. If we exclude the $6 million this quarter, it was $17 million. So that lower run rate, it sounds like it carries into '13 because things are rolling off.
William B. Hayes: Yes. And the only thing I'll add to that not being exactly the way to extrapolate it is, as we do the acquisitions and there are adjustments to amortizations, as we get final valuations and things of that nature, those go into that line as well.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then last question. I guess, absent from the Medicare headwinds you outlined were some of the changes to the molecular diagnostic payments that obviously are coming out of the Palmetto fee schedule that a lot of us have been trying to compare apples-to-apples and understand what's being paid for and not paid for, et cetera. And it seems like there is a headwind there but not something that you explicitly identified today. Do you want -- can you comment on that a little more?
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. First of all, as we have consistently said, only about 4% to 5% of our total revenue base is impacted by the Medicare molecular Dx coding changes. And molecular Dx is about 6% of the total revenue base. We have been saying all along that we did not expect a material impact. And in fact, we expect these Medicare repricing and molecular codes to be a slight positive for us. We're continuing to discuss the appropriate payment rates with our managed care partners. And whether that's a headwind or a tailwind remains to be determined.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And the 6%, it includes the commercial side?
David P. King: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill of JPMorgan.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This morning, Dave, you talked about an increase in payment from other payors when you answered Tom's question about positives. Can you maybe just talk about what you're seeing? We heard from your large competitor that they're actually seeing a decline and talked about a tough reimbursement environment. So if you can give us some color as to where you're seeing some opportunities to actually increase price. And is that actual increase in price? Or is it more of a mix issue that you're seeing?
David P. King: Lisa, it's Dave. Obviously, the Medicare reductions are a direct price headwind, so all of those go straight to price. As Brad commented earlier, we do have some price increases in other payor groups, which will help offset the payment reductions. And those consist of actual unit cost increases. And I'm not going to go to detail about those unit cost increases. But suffice to say, they go broadly across all of our other payor groups besides government. There also will be some benefit from test mix. And there will be some benefit from -- if history continues to repeat, some benefit from a slightly larger number of tests per requisition. So those are the pricing aspects of what we see in 2013 that will help us to offset to some extent the Medicare headwind.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just in your conversations with ACOs and some of the big IDNs that you talked about, as we see consolidation of health care, have you had those conversations around maybe narrower lab networks or being the lab provider of choice for any of these ACOs as we move forward?
David P. King: We have. I would say one of the complications is that the ACO environment is evolving quite rapidly. So you have many large ACOs forming that, that provide services to members of many different managed care plans. And so even being the preferred lab provider, obviously it doesn't mean you're going to get all of the volume. And most of those payment rates are going to be based on managed care contracts. I think over time as we see the evolution where ACOs and other providers are actually sharing or taking risk, that's when you'll start to see much more clarity on what the impact of that transition will be on pricing.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy, William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So I had a question on some commentary you made about Beacon and some of the alternative models that you're looking at pursuing. Is there a way to think about that sort of at a high level in terms of how that might impact the P&L relative to your core lab business? Is there -- would it be lower margin or higher revenue? I'm just trying to think about how that would flow through the P&L specifically.
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. I don't think we're in a position to talk about how Beacon might impact the P&L because there are so many different potential ways in which BeaconLBS could be deployed. So I think it's just too early to give a sense of what that would do from a revenue and a margin perspective.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And then for the TC Grandfather, I recognize that's totally not a huge impact. But are there any lessons to be learned there in terms of how that may or may not have changed reimbursement just in terms of having to deal with a hospital directly versus what you were billing to a payor before?
David P. King: Well, I think it's -- I think it would be self-evident that the rates that we receive when we bill the government are really not negotiated rates. They're rates that are provided in the fee schedule. Anytime that we deal with nongovernment payors, we typically have a negotiation. So I don't know that there are any lessons to be learned. The TC Grandfather was a long-standing provision of law that Congress opted to change. And, again, I think it reflects a broader movement in the marketplace, where the government fee-for-service environment is migrating more towards either direct relationships with other payors or towards managed government beneficiaries and dealing with them in a managed rather than a fee-for-service environment.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes. I guess, I was -- the reason for the question was can we extrapolate anything from that to -- if the world moves more towards an ACO-type model, where the -- I guess, your customer becomes a provider versus the payor, is there anything that we can extrapolate from that experience? Or is it just too specific? That was really the point of the question, I suppose.
David P. King: I think that -- again, I think it's very early to try to think about what would happen as you move toward a more comprehensive, let's call it, ACO health system environment. But we negotiate with the payors, we negotiate with other providers who want to use our services. And I think that will continue to be, in 80% of our business, that will be the model. There will be negotiated rates of payment for services provided and for other services, like BeaconLBS or data analytics or population health management.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And just one last one. You had mentioned something about having to reinvest in a testing platform. Could you just provide a little more color around what that is exactly?
David P. King: Yes. Without giving you a lot of specifics, we have a testing platform that had reached its -- the expiration of kind of its natural life and is not going to be supported anymore. It's a sizable platform and we have to replace the instruments basically in all of our laboratories.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. Is that something to be -- from a risk standpoint, that could be an issue? Or is this just -- I'm sure you've counted [ph] these replacements before.
David P. King: Yes. I mean this is a 10-year-old system that just we need to upgrade. From a risk perspective, I don't think it entails an unusual amount of risk. We go through system replacements frequently and we do them on a rolling basis so that we don't disrupt workflow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich, Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Dave, just wanted to go back to the volume growth in Q4. How much growth are you guys getting from number of tests per requisition and mix shift to higher acuity tests? And also what about partnerships like with Ariosa Diagnostics? How much contribution did you guys see to the top line and volume from that?
David P. King: Kevin, it's Dave. I don't think it benefits us to break down every single component of volume growth. So I will say that test per requisition is a slight help on a comparative 2012 to 2011 basis, but it's not -- it doesn't change from 3Q to 4Q. We have gotten some nice top line growth from Ariosa, which is the noninvasive prenatal screening test. But, again, that's what we do. We introduce new tests that are scientifically innovative, cutting-edge and provide better, and in this case, less invasive patient care. And so it's our expectation that, that's part of our growth over time.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful, Dave. And then kind of going back to one of the earlier questions on ACOs. You talked about alternative delivery models in your prepared remarks. Just wondering how the discussions are going with hospitals and other providers. And any developments or updates from Adam's efforts since he's been with the company?
David P. King: Well, I think, Adam has been terrific. But Adam is part of a very large team of people at LabCorp, who are working on enhancing our hospital presence. And I'm not going to call the names of every single one of them on the call. But we have a very robust hospital business already, and everybody's working to grow it. I think we've had very constructive discussions with a number of health systems, about a broad range of relationships, going from reference testing to lab management to joint operating and joint equity ventures. And we will continue to push forward with that initiative. And I expect it to pay significant benefits as we come out of 2013 and go into 2014 in terms of revenue and volume growth.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last quick thing here, Dave. Brad talked about facility consolidation with the higher CapEx. I'm just wondering how much -- is that enough to move the needle with some of the operating costs? It looks like you've done a good job of keeping a tight lid on expenses as you always do. Just wondering how much more we could see in 2013.
David P. King: The facility consolidation, by its nature, is time-consuming. It's not just a question of moving a facility from one place to another because we have instrumentation, we have interfaces, we have to make sure that the customers are receiving the same level of service. So there is opportunity around facilities. And I put that into 2 categories. One is planned consolidations for acquisitions, where we know that over time we have a plan to reduce or consolidate space. And the other is a comprehensive review of our existing footprint and what are ways in which we can deploy it better. And this, the particular investment that we spoke about in facility consolidation, falls under the latter category, where we're looking at our existing footprint and we are consolidating, we will be consolidating multiple facilities into 1 facility during 2013. And we will continue to look at that. Again, very hard to put a specific cost number on it, Kevin. But what I would say is without a lot of fanfare around here, every year we reduce costs by $45 million, $50 million. And that's just part of our business, it's part of what we do and it's going to continue to be part of what we do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice, UBS.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions hopefully. Just first of all, I know you were giving that comment last quarter pretty early, and I applaud you for just even making a guess at it. But you said $0.22 last quarter for the Medicare headwind, and now it's $0.35. And I just was trying to understand what is the clarification or the change in thinking that happened that resulted in the $0.35.
William B. Hayes: A.J., this is Brad. I think the major difference as we look at the $0.22 from Q3 and the $0.35 that we've updated now for our 2013 outlook is the 88305, which we did not know about at the time. The full impact -- the full year impact of the TC Grandfather change, which we did not consider in the $0.22 and a few other changes that are related to all the government changes and reductions in payment, and that is the difference.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then another, a sort of broader question on the pricing trend. Is there anything -- when you step back and look at the aggregate business, payor mix, is that the places -- the different sources of payors? Is that changing and having an impact on pricing if you look at '12 versus '11 and maybe your expectation for '13?
William B. Hayes: A.J., it's Brad again. The biggest change I can think of that we see in that is mostly as a result of acquisition. So if I think about MEDTOX, for example, that's hitting in the client or direct to the company sort of billing, which is typically lower nature in price. I think beyond that, and some of the other things that we've done in the past few years, clinical trials-related, are also showing up in that same area. If I take those things away, I don't see a major shift going on between the payor mix schedules, especially on a year-over-year basis. We can see some variations in quarters and sequential views and things of that nature, but no real change in -- dramatic change in capitation or managed care fee-for-service patient, the other categories that come to mind.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. That's good. And then just a last question on -- I appreciate the comments on health reform. I wondered specifically about the exchanges. Do your contracts with commercial payors' managed care today date just automatically apply to those people that are on the exchanges? Or do you have to go out and negotiate new contracts for those new health plans that -- maybe with payors you have current contracts with? And if so, have you had any early discussions and any sense that the exchange-related patients may get -- may be priced somehow differently or set up differently?
David P. King: A.J., it's Dave. It's a great question, and I wish there were a clear answer that we could give you. I think the way that the exchanges are going to operate is still very unclear. And so we have had many conversations with our managed care partners about how the exchanges are going to work. And I think they are as uncertain as we are. So I think that the best we can give you is we're in frequent and detailed discussions. But it's not clear what the outcome will be from a pricing or an offering perspective.
Operator: Your next question come from the line of Darren Lehrich of Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wanted to just ask a couple of things here. First, as it relates to buyback, I understand you're not going to guide us on the cadence of your buyback, et cetera. But just curious just given the size of it, will -- should we expect anything different as it relates to how you approach it? In other words, historically, we've seen more opportunistic buybacks in the quarter. Do you think you might do some larger, fuller purchase agreements? Just structurally, how are you thinking about the buyback, given the size that you've announced here?
David P. King: Darren, it's Dave. I think the share buyback has been an extremely important way of returning capital to shareholders. And I think, over time, we've done a very good job of doing it in a disciplined way that has created a lot of value. That's our goal. That's what we're going to continue to do. Beyond that, we are not going to guide to how we're going to do it structurally or otherwise other than to say that this is the way we return capital to shareholders, we're committed to it and we're going to continue to do that.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sure. Okay, that's fair. And then I guess, just on the cash flow outlook. Brad, it seems like you maybe pull a little bit more of working capital from the 2012 period. It sounded like maybe this inventory build around some vendor discounts that you got. I'm curious just why the cash flow outlook for '12 -- or '13 rather, wouldn't reverse that. Is there anything else in working capital that we ought to be thinking about for '13?
William B. Hayes: Not specifically in working capital. I mean, I think about the other things related to earnings that we talked about. The payment reductions are obviously a headwind for the cash flow. And then just generally speaking, the growth environment. I think again back to our comments of most of the growth driven by the MEDTOX acquisition in '13 that's in our range, I think it's just the muted earnings growth environment and the payment reductions are the only thing that come to mind specifically and nothing really in the other areas of working capital.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just so I'm clear. Severance and other restructuring is excluded from that outlook or contemplated in it?
William B. Hayes: It's excluded from both the EPS, so we don't project in our guidance at all any sort of restructuring activities. And therefore, it's also not considered for the cash flow guidance either.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. But given some of the ongoing nature of what you're describing in terms of cost reductions and consolidations, what would be a rough cash impact from that in '13, any range you'd put on it?
William B. Hayes: No, I wouldn't want to estimate it because again it has a lot of things that it depends on as we execute on these things.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. All right. And then just last thing is really around margins and what's sort of baked into your guidance. Implicitly it does assume margin improvement, just if you take midpoints and walk it up from the EPS line. I guess, Dave, you made the comment that you're taking $50 million of costs out per year, and you've already commented about some managed care pricing that you'll be able to benefit from. I guess, just given the environment and the growth of what we're seeing here, is there anything else that we ought to be considering in terms of your margin outlook that would get us to an improvement, my math, close to 1 point of year-over-year improvement in margin?
David P. King: Obviously, the major swing factors, Darren, on margin are volume, price and expenses. So how we do on volume will have an impact on where we end up in the margin range. The pricing that we believe that we will encounter in 2013 have an impact on that margin range. And the facility consolidation, the cost reductions that we've talked about, and of course, other cost reductions that we do on a regular basis, those are the 3 major factors. But I don't -- and I guess, actually the fourth thing is just the continued integration of acquisitions and the ability to reduce costs in MEDTOX and continue to reduce the cost base in Genzyme. Those are the major things that are incorporated in the guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro, Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just maybe wanted to touch on the organic volume trend this quarter when you adjust for Sandy. Was there anything else in there? You mentioned flu being sort of not that important. But maybe deductibles are another item there that helped the business sequentially?
David P. King: No, I think what helped the business sequentially is that more people came to our patient service centers. I mean, we had a -- in our view, we had a strong organic volume growth in a quarter that typically is not one of our stronger growth quarters. So we're pleased with it. And I don't know that there's anything we can do to kind of break it down into bits and pieces.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just on the testing platform switch there. Is there an opportunity for you guys to maybe get better pricing terms or upgrade the technology you are using in a material way? And I'm just trying to put that into context as to how important that is for the overall business, how sizable it is.
David P. King: There's a -- whenever we switch out a testing platform, it is to improve technology. And in almost every case, it's to reduce expenses. And so in this case, the change in the testing platform will have both impacts, although obviously there is a capital component that comes back as an expense once it's deployed into service.
William B. Hayes: And Isaac, this is Brad. I would add that because of our standardization and the way we go about this from a supply chain perspective, we do the whole network at one time, not on the same day but we make the decision, and it applies to the entire network. It takes some time to roll it out. But we think by approaching it that way, we are able to get the best economics on those kinds of activities.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And can you maybe offer some color as to what type of a testing platform it is. Is it routine testing or molecular? I'm just trying to get a sense of how important this is to the business mix.
David P. King: No, we're not going to give any color on what platform it is. So it's 10:00, and I'm going to -- we're going to try to take a couple more questions. But let us please try to limit it to 1 question so that everybody has a chance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo from Credit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if I could just maybe follow up on that previous sort of EBIT question. It kind of feels like if I look over the last 6 months, your operating profit was shrinking a little bit by about maybe 3% sort of year-over-year in the second half of '12, if I normalize for Sandy. And then if I kind of take into account what you're telling us in terms of guidance, it feels like you're looking for a 1% to 2% increase in your operating profit this year. And Dave, I heard you just talk about the drivers. Maybe if you can give us a little bit more clarity about what you think you can do on the expense reduction side, so we can maybe back into kind of what you're implying in terms of vols and pricing?
William B. Hayes: Glen, it's Brad. Are you talking about absolute dollars or on a margin basis?
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: On a dollars basis.
William B. Hayes: Okay. Because I can see that, but I couldn't get to on the margin side what your question was.
David P. King: So Glen, it's Dave. I think, as I've mentioned and I'm not sure that I can say it in a different way from what I've said before, we have some opportunities around the acquisition integration. We have some opportunities around the consolidation of facilities. And we always are working on cost reductions across the organization, with SG&A this year being a prime example. So I can't really give you much more than what I've said before, which is these are the expense opportunities and the expense reduction opportunities that we're always looking at.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's fine. Maybe if I could just ask one quick one on the anatomic pathology side. You talked about obviously the major cut in your sort of prepared remarks. Could you give us your updated view maybe on this trend of physician in-sourcing of these tests? Do you see it moderating at all? Or with the reimbursement cut, do you think it reverses over time this trend?
David P. King: I do think that the reduction in the technical component of 88305 will discourage physician in-sourcing because it becomes considerably less of a profit center. But again the impact, the reduction only occurred on January 1, so it's really too early to call it a trend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dane Leone from Macquarie.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: A quick one for me. You kind of always highlight some new tests that you have in the pipeline in your the outlook. I think it would be helpful if you could just give some color going into '13 on expectations for new products to add to the growth of the franchise. I know you don't really break it out specifically. But any type of characterization you can give this year versus last year, any real impact towards the growth of the esoteric mix overall would be helpful.
David P. King: Yes. I think the Ariosa test will be a significant contributor, the noninvasive prenatal screening test. I think that we're going to continue to see some growth in specialized testing around hepatitis C as more of these compounds are successful and come to market and there are tests associated with the efficacy of the new compounds. I think that the next-generation sequencing and the cardio seq will continue to grow. I also think that even though it would not be described by itself as esoteric, I think that the chronic kidney, the cardiovascular, the bone, all of the services that we've launched through Litholink that help physicians manage patients will continue to see nice growth there. So there are a lot of things that obviously I have not mentioned, but those are probably some of the highlights for where we think we'll see growth in new tests in 2013.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Okay. And for context, is there a hurdle rate where you'd consider something an impactful contributor, generally speaking, of a new test or growth of a test?
David P. King: I think the reality is that most tests -- most new tests that we introduce are relatively specialized and meet needs of a certain physician community or a certain part of the clinical community. So for us, the hurdle rate is, is there an unmet need in the population, is this something that's going to be helpful to clinicians, will it give us the ability to better diagnose and treat disease? Obviously, we want to be financially successful with these tests, but it would be unrealistic to say there has to be a financial hurdle rate for everything that we launch.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to David King for closing remarks.
David P. King: Thank you, Sean. Thank you, everyone, for attending our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Call today, and we hope you have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David P. King - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Stephen Anderson William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Sylvia Chao Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Dana Vartabedian - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Dane Leone - Macquarie Research Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2012 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. My name is Cheney, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now turn the presentation over to your host for today, Mr. David King, Chairman and CEO. Please proceed, sir.
David P. King: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Third Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; Adam Feinstein, Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our third quarter 2012 financial results, update our 2012 guidance, highlight our progress on our Five Pillar Strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
Stephen Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our website, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS, adjusted EPS excluding amortization, free cash flow and adjusted operating income. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect the company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2011 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I will review 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. I'll also update our 2012 guidance. First, cash flow. Our cash flow remained strong. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended September 30, 2012, was $723.3 million. DSO was 48 days at the end of September, an increase of 1 day sequentially and an increase of 2 days year-over-year. During the quarter, our bad debt rate was 4.3%. Cash receipts at the end of the quarter were lower than anticipated, but we expect them to recover during the fourth quarter. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 1.1% year-over-year in the third quarter. During the quarter, total company volume increased 1.4% year-over-year. There was 1 less revenue day in the third quarter compared with last year. On a per-day basis, volume increased 3.1%, and organic volume increased 0.5%. Esoteric volume per day increased approximately 2.2% in the quarter. Revenue per requisition decreased 0.3% year-over-year. Revenue per requisition was negatively impacted by the MEDTOX acquisition and continued challenges in histology. Third, margin. For the third quarter our adjusted operating income margin was 18.2% compared to 18.8% in the third quarter of 2011. One fewer revenue day compared to last year had a 50-basis-point negative impact on operating margin. Also, the MEDTOX acquisition negatively impacted the year-over-year comparison. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of September, we had cash of $466 million and $1 billion available under our credit facility. During the third quarter, we repurchased $127.8 million of stock representing 1.4 million shares. Year-to-date, we have repurchased $380.4 million of stock representing 4.3 million shares. At the end of September, $204 million of repurchase authorization remained under our share repurchase program. In August, we completed a $1 billion bond offering that consisted of 2 tranches: $500 million of 2.2% senior notes due 2017 and $500 million of 3.75% senior notes due 2022. As previously disclosed, the proceeds were used to pay the balance of our existing credit facility and for general corporate purposes. Finally, we benefited from a lower tax rate in the quarter, bringing our year-to-date tax rate in line with the first 3 quarters of 2011. This morning, we updated our 2012 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 2.5%, adjusted EPS excluding amortization in the range of $6.88 to $6.93 excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after September 30, 2012. Operating cash flow of approximately $915 million and capital expenditures of approximately $145 million. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Brad. We are pleased with our performance given that we continue to face a very difficult economic environment. During the quarter, on a per day basis, volume increased more than 3% year-over-year and organic volume was positive. Taking into account one fewer day in the quarter, operating income margin was essentially flat. We continue to generate strong operating and free cash flow, which we both invested in the business and returned to shareholders through share repurchase. We grew adjusted earnings per share of 9.3% and 9.8% year-to-date on a year-over-year basis, and we continued to measurably reduce selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of revenue. We continue to make progress on each aspect of our Five Pillar Strategy. The first pillar of our strategy is that we deploy our cash to enhance our presence in key markets and our test menu and to repurchase shares. In July, we closed our acquisition of MEDTOX Scientific, a premier forensic and clinical laboratory with a diverse test menu and a reputation for exceptional quality, dependability and customer service. We were excited about the opportunity to grow MEDTOX's specialized toxicology testing business and we welcome the talented MEDTOX employees into our LabCorp family. The integrations of our acquisitions are going well and are in line with our expectations. We continue to realize synergies on schedule and to offer new services in genetics, oncology and esoteric toxicology. Finally, we have repurchased 4.3 million shares at a cost of $380.4 million year-to-date. The second pillar of our strategy is to enhance our IT capabilities to improve the physician and patient experience. After a successful pilot of our Beacon Patient Portal early in the year, we expanded the rollout to 3 of our 6 divisions nationwide. The portal is a secure and easy-to-use online solution that enables patients to receive and share lab results, make appointments, pay bills, set up automatic alerts and notifications and manage health information for the entire family. We have experienced fast adoption, maintaining growth of more than 2,100 new patient registrations per week, and we remain on track to launch the portal to the remaining divisions this year. Our electronic medical record connectivity continues to expand. We have added over 6,000 new client EMR interfaces year-to-date and are on pace to exceed our goal of 7,500 new connections in 2012. We remain committed to our open platform strategy, allowing our customers to connect seamlessly to LabCorp directly or via the EMR of their choice. The third pillar of our strategy is to continue to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services. During the quarter, we made significant progress in the rollout of our advantage positive ID system, which is now implemented in more than 40% of our core histology sites. This system standardizes workflow, eliminates waste and positively identifies specimens throughout processing. In the fourth quarter, we will complete the rollout of our new handheld courier communication devices. This enhancement provides greater visibility in the specimen collection enables more robust route engineering and increases courier efficiency. Given the persistently weak volume environment, we continue to closely review our cost structure. The fourth pillar of our strategy is to continue scientific innovation at reasonable and appropriate pricing. We introduce new tests and collaborate with leading companies and academic institutions to provide our physicians and patients with the most scientifically advanced testing in our industry. During the quarter, we broadened the options for genetic carrier screening among our women's health offerings. We launched the inherent test carrier screen, which allows us to provide relevant genetic screening for many inherited diseases found throughout the pan-ethnic U.S. population. The panel represents a collection of common diseases in the U.S. general population, and we expect it to address needs for multiple ethnic-based testing scenarios. In addition, our genetic counselors will provide telephone or televideo support for patients using our inherent test carrier screening. Sequencing is an emerging tool to support molecular diagnostics, due to the rapid evolution of next-generation sequencing technology. We are well underway in our plans to support the launch of new testing panels. The transition of current testing to this platform will offer a more comprehensive content relative to our current platforms. As part of these ongoing efforts, we participated in a recent financing round for Foundation Medicine. Foundation is a leader in the use of next-generation sequencing to assist in treatment decisions for cancer patients by looking at patient-specific molecular changes in tumors. The information is used to report targeted therapies and relevant clinical trials specific to individual patients. The fifth pillar of our strategy is to develop alternative delivery models. We continue to discuss alternative models with managed care partners, health systems and physician groups so that we will be well positioned in the future. As part of our BeaconLBS implementation, we are pleased to announce the introduction of our first-generation point-of-care decision support product, which interfaces with our lab test ordering system. Providing physicians with convenient point-of-care decision support tools will facilitate evidence-based test selection, helping them choose the right test for the patient at the right time. Physicians, patients and our managed care partners will benefit from this product innovation, which has been designed to improve quality and more effectively manage costs without disrupting workflow. We have conducted 3 physician pilots in Florida, and these physician offices overwhelmingly told us that our decision support product was easy to use, beneficial to patient care and made their practices more effective. Health systems provide outstanding lab services, but most of these businesses make a small profit or operate at a loss. Changes in test mix, reduced reimbursement from government and private payors for all services not just lab, and increasing cost of providing services make health systems more interested than they had been in the past in broad collaborations. LabCorp offers a broader test menu, greater affordability for patients and payors and the highest levels of quality and service to health systems and the communities they serve. We will continue to pursue this key initiative to offer an enterprise-wide solution that will provide health systems, patients, physicians and payors with the highest quality diagnostic testing through the lowest cost delivery model. In summary, we are pleased with the quarter and the progress we achieved on our Five Pillar Strategy. Now, Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Stephen Anderson: Thank you, Dave. "Can you describe the impact of the Medicare reimbursement tests you will face in 2013?" Absent any additional congressional action through the end of the year, we would anticipate an approximate 2.75% reduction to the clinical lab fee schedule beginning January 1, 2013. The Affordable Care Act baseline for the 2013 update to the clinical lab fee schedule will be a negative 0.75% effective January 1, 2013 based upon the recently published CPI-U and productivity adjustment figures. As part of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act, the clinical lab fee schedule will be re-baselined an additional 2% lower effective January 1, 2013. Separately, if mandatory sequestration is carried out, we will receive a 2% payment reduction in the clinical lab fee schedule effective February 1, 2013. Together, these reductions sum to an approximate annualized 4.75% total reduction to the clinical lab fee schedule, which represents approximately 12% of our revenue. On an annualized basis, we estimate that these reductions will lower our 2013 EPS by approximately $0.20. In addition to the reduction in the clinical lab fee schedule, mandatory sequestration will impose a 2% reduction in the physician fee schedule effective February 1, 2013. The physician fee schedule represents approximately 2% of our total revenue. On an annualized basis, we estimate that this reduction will lower our 2013 EPS by approximately $0.02. "Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing?" For the year, approximately 40% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. As we reiterated last quarter, our goal is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 45% of our total revenue within the next 3 to 5 years. Now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Steve, and thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci with Lazard Capital Markets.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I guess, just first question. With all the focus on volumes these days, Dave, do you guys have a view or what is your view toward sort of what underlying market growth is out there?
David P. King: I think it would be hard to characterize underlying market growth just given all of the -- actually, I'd put all the different sites of care. Obviously, the market is growing more slowly than it has historically. I'd just -- I'd be reluctant to put a specific number on it. But my general sense from colleagues and peers is that the rate of growth has definitely slowed and that the growth rates that you're seeing from independent labs across the board is probably somewhat impacted by shifting in sites of care, particularly hospital acquisitions of physicians. So what you're seeing in terms of growth and obviously, you're not seeing hospitals reporting public -- publicly reporting their lab numbers. But what you're seeing in terms of overall market growth is somewhat impacted by just shifting in market dynamics.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Right. Okay. and then maybe on that topic as a follow-up, since the physician employment by hospital seems to be shifting to the lab testing over, what's sort of your sense -- I guess, there seems to be 2 pieces of this equation here. What's your sense of sort of where we are in that shift? But number 2, you also mentioned, I think, in your prepared remarks that health systems are maybe more interested in working with you or others to sort of put that testing in the most efficient setting. So where are we on both of those sides of the equation?
David P. King: I think there has been really over the last couple of years a sizable movement toward hospital acquisition of physician practices, and we certainly see it in the marketplace. It started with what I would characterize as smaller practices. And now it's probably more moved into midsize practices. There's also a lot of consolidation going on even among physician practices. And when physicians consolidate their practices to get scale, many of them think about a physician office lab to do some on-site testing. So that has been I would say an accelerating trend. Is it -- I've seen numbers thrown around that say 50% of physicians work for hospitals or 50% of new physicians coming out of medical school are going to work for hospitals. I think those numbers are on the high side. But there's definitely movement toward more hospital or health system employed or integrated delivery network employed physicians. And that's definitely -- it's -- that's a headwind. It's not a gale force headwind, but it's a headwind for us in terms of growth because we're seeing a shift in site of testing. The other side of that is, that shift in site of testing also brings a significant increase in cost of lab services. And so I think over time, there will be increasing pressure on the health systems to reduce the cost of lab services, indeed to reduce the cost of all of their non-core services, and that will be to the benefit of large, independent laboratories and certainly to our benefit.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Just one clarification and then I'll hop off. On your revenue growth guidance, it was 2 to 3. Now it's sort of 2.5. But I know before it didn't specifically include MEDTOX. But you do sort of include some acquisitions in there generally speaking. SO how do you guys use the adjustment to guidance when you put those moving parts together?
William B. Hayes: Tom, this is Brad. It does include MEDTOX. I would say that given there's not far to go here in the quarter, that wouldn't assume much else.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. So -- but if we take that old 2 to 3, which didn't include MEDTOX, I don't think -- and now the new 2.5, which does include MEDTOX, did you shift your underlying expectations at all or how do we think about that piece of it?
William B. Hayes: Yes, I think if you went back and looked from the original guidance and as you say, let's go back to the second quarter guidance, it was 2 to 3 excluding. If we're now 2.5 including, and it's pretty easy to do the math on what MEDTOX is likely contributing about 1 point there, so that 2.5 is 1.5 excluding any acquisitions, any major acquisitions like a MEDTOX. So yes, I'd say we're below that 2 to 3 from the second quarter.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. Good. I just want to make sure there wasn't any other moving parts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess, I believe one of the comments was that the average volume per testing day was up 3%. Can you maybe give a little bit more color around that?
William B. Hayes: Yes, Gary. This is Brad. Obviously it was driven by again, MEDTOX, which contributed, because of the nature of that business, a high amount of volume and also had a negative impact on price. We did also say that our organic volume, which would've excluded MEDTOX and Orchid, was 0.5% per day in the quarter. So that actually, and Dave mentioned this in his prepared remarks, that was better than what we saw in Q2 on an organic basis, which was I think negative 0.5%. But we do analyze the business on a per day basis. It rarely makes a difference in the quarter, but in the third quarter we needed to call it out.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just maybe going back to the comments and the discussion around the potential opportunities for partnerships with hospitals. I guess, there's been a discussion of this for a long time. It sounds like it's coming to a head. I guess, could you maybe just anticipate kind of the rate with which opportunities or deals may happen or is this still something that is pretty kind of long term in nature?
David P. King: I think there's -- Gary, it's Dave. I think there's a much higher level of interest in collaborative models with hospitals than there has been historically. That said, these things do not move quickly. And so when you think about when does the revenue impact come from a -- when do you sit down to start having these conversations and when is there actual revenue impact -- it's not unusual particularly if there's some kind of a joint operating model, it's not unusual for transactions like this to take a year, to take 18 months to come to fruition. So in some we continue to work on, I think there's a greater sense of urgency on the health systems side now. Obviously, they're looking at some payment reductions at the first of 2013. They're looking at sequestration, same headwinds that we have. So I think I feel good about where we are in terms of capitalizing on the opportunity, but they take a while to develop.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then just maybe one final follow-up. Just in terms of thinking about the structure of those partnerships, would they be essentially LabCorp purchasing the business from the hospitals or would they be some kind of joint venture partnership with the hospitals? How are you thinking about that?
David P. King: I think there's a wide variety of options. Historically, we've had sizable lab management relationships with hospitals, where we run their laboratories. We've had sizable joint venture relationships, where there's an ownership percentage that the health system owns. And we've had outreach acquisitions as well. So we're flexible, and a lot of it depends on the needs of the health system when they -- when we sit down and talk to them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dave, there's a lot of focus on the near term. There's been some talk in the industry, however, about a kind of a long-term return to historical growth rate in the 5% to 6% range. Is that remotely a realistic possibility now with some of the reimbursements and other challenges you face? And if so, how and when do you get to that kind of an experience?
David P. King: Bob, I still believe that in the long term, we are a 4% to 6% top line growth industry and for a variety of reasons. I mean, first of all, the technological developments and the advances that we're making in laboratory testing are - we say we're 3% of the spend, driving 70% of the decisions. We are increasingly becoming a smaller percentage of the spend as other expenses go up at a more rapid pace. And yet we're driving more and more of the decisions. And I look at things like cancer diagnostics, next-generation sequencing technology for prenatal genetics and for target therapies for cancer patients. I look at HCV and the opportunity in the HCV screening and with the new therapies that are being developed with matching HCV patients to the right therapy. And the list just goes on and on and on in terms of where the growth opportunities are for our industry. I don't think it's any secret that right now, given a very tough economic environment and a very tough utilization environment and a lot of pressure to reduce costs, we're struggling to grow as are all healthcare services businesses really. So I'm not discouraged about the long-term as I sit and look at the things that we're working on and the opportunities that are ahead of us. Yes, I'm more encouraged than ever about the long-term and about being able to return to 4% to 6% growth. But I think I've been pretty clear that it's not going to be next year, and we should start to see some improvement in 2014 and in the years beyond. And a lot of what we're doing in terms of capital investments and IT investments and investments in partnerships is building the platform for what -- where we think the business is going to go on in the future when we do return to that growth environment.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Do you think you're well positioned if it's this higher-end testing opportunity, which I agree with you is significant, but can it really offset some of the hospital insourcing and histology challenges? I mean, you mentioned a few things here. Do you have the assets in place to enable you to grow when that market does turn? Or will this be a continued focus on deals to kind of bolster your capabilities there?
David P. King: I think we have done a great job of building ahead. I think if you look back a couple of years ago and think about the initiatives that we undertook, I mean, we've always been about efficiency in the cost structure, and we've been standardized for longer than I can remember. And when we make acquisitions, we standardize them right away and we integrate them right away. We implemented the touch system, we -- for our patient service centers to not only improve the patient experience but our phlebotomy experience. So we've made the investments in the core infrastructure, Sysmex, to make the labs run better and be at the right point from a cost perspective. We're never done with that. There's always more that one can do from a cost perspective. On the other side of the equation, where we put our capital to work, when we started saying 2 years ago that we were investing in the ability to help physicians with decision support to the point of care and better test management and test selection, we got some raised eyebrows because that's not traditionally been the role of the lab. But as you think about more and more molecular testing, physicians being more and more overwhelmed with test selection at the point of care, my view, we built exactly what we need. We're well ahead of the market in terms of the services that we offer and something that I think in the long run really has the ability to move the needle for us. And then the investments in things like next-generation sequencing, and the investment in Genzyme Genetics and all the things we've done to enhance the test menu -- even MEDTOX, which looked like a routine acquisition and in some ways is a routine acquisition, has the broadest menu in the industry of esoteric toxicology, which is going to become more and more important in things like clinical trials. And I'm sure you've not missed that drug testing in sports and athletics is getting bigger and bigger. So I think we've made all the right choices. I think we haven't been perfect. We've made some -- not every decision has been perfect -- but we made the right choices. We built the right structure. And we're where we need to be to -- when the market returns, we'll be right on the front edge of the wave.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So let me just start with just one question around the organic volume. I know that on a per diem basis, organic volumes grew 0.5%. Just that there's a lot of numbers here. So what was the -- on an actual basis, right, as reported, what would've been same store volume?
David P. King: Organic, not taking into account the extra day?
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Correct.
David P. King: Rather than trying to do this math on the phone, why don't we just take this up separately?
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Sure. Okay. So then moving onto my next question, when you think about the headwinds around Medicare reimbursement next year, I think that based on the math that you provided us, and Street numbers, it's going to cost you about 3% in growth next year. So can you talk about how you plan to offset? And I think it's built a little bit on the prior question. But really, how will you offset this headwind around reimbursement next year on the operational side? That's first. And then second, if you can give us an update just on your capital deployment strategy? I know we talked in the past about coming back to us with your plans around dividends versus buyback by year end.
David P. King: Yes. There isn't any really good way to offset $0.22 in earnings, especially when it's all price-driven because remember, it's just a -- it's a flat reduction to the clinical lab and the physician fee schedule. If it all happens, and this assumes that sequestration happens, I think the 2.75% is in the books, and that's not going to change unless Congress does something else. But if you assume both sequestration and the 2.75%, you get about $0.22 of earnings loss. And being realistic, I mean there's not a lot we can do to offset that. We've got some favorable pricing coming from other managed care contracts. We have some things that we can do on the cost side. But most of that is just -- we've got to manage the business and do the best we can to find expense savings to make up for as much of it as possible. But we're not going to make up for all of it. That's just not realistic. In terms of capital deployment, so far this year, we've returned 82% of our free cash to shareholders through share repurchase, and I feel like we've done a very nice job of that over time. We continue to study the merits of how we would allocate our capital. Obviously, continue to watch the political environment very closely because of tax rate issues that may take effect at the beginning of the year. So we don't have a final decision yet, but in the meantime we're going to continue to do what we have been doing in terms of returning value to the -- returning value and returning our cash to the shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Dave, I was wondering if maybe you could just give us some thoughts about how you see the lab industry post reform. There's a lot of questions about what the Affordable Care Organizations will look like and where lab testing will be done. I know you talked a lot about physicians already being owned by hospitals. But can you just talk about 2014 and where you see opportunities and maybe challenges? And then secondly, can you maybe also just size the opportunities around hospital reference labs and where do you -- how big of an opportunity do you think that is? And is there any way to quantify the number of opportunities over the next couple of years?
David P. King: Okay. I think it's too early to predict what 2014 is going to look like, Lisa. And I'm not trying to be elusive. But I think there's no -- at least from what I've seen and from what we've experienced so far with ACOs, there's very little commonality in the way that they're organized, in the way that they're structured, in their affiliations with health systems and so I think it'd be very hard to make a broad prediction about how ACOs are going to work in conjunction with labs. I think, and I won't repeat the discussion earlier on health systems and integrated delivery networks -- the need to reduce cost across-the-board. But I think that the low-cost opportunity and the low-cost -- that the low-cost providers will have great opportunity in whatever environment health care reform ends up looking like. The other side of that is a lot of the 2014 calculations are premised on a sizable population moving into Medicaid. That's premised on Medicaid expansion, and it's not clear that Medicaid expansion is going to occur or that it's affordable. So I just think 2014 remains a large question mark at this point.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then if we think, though, about hospital reference labs and we think about the opportunity to work together, is there any way to size that opportunity for us to say, okay, yes, there's challenges over the next couple of years, reimbursement, et cetera, but there's x percent that you think out in the marketplace you could have a relationship with or work together to be able to replace some of that revenue and increase volume to offset some of the pressure on reimbursement? Is there a way for us to all think about that?
David P. King: Yes. I think there's a lot of numbers out there about how much volume is going through hospitals, how much of it is reference work versus work that has to be done in the hospitals. I guess, the numbers that I -- the single number that to me demonstrates the size of this opportunity is that according to the Medicare Trustees Report, just for Medicare, which is paid to hospitals at basically the same fee schedule that we get paid, just for Medicare, in the last Medicare Trustees Report, there was over $5 billion of lab work that went through hospitals, not in the DRG, not in Part A but just outpatient lab work that was paid off the clinical lab fee schedule that went through hospitals. So there's no revenue compression in that opportunity. There's no premium pricing for hospitals. That's just what hospitals are getting in Medicare from Medicare beneficiaries that could be redirected to independent labs, that could partially be redirected toward independent labs, there could be joint ventures around. And remember, that's where the cost differential was most noticeable to the health systems because they're not getting premium reimbursement. They're not getting multiples of what independent labs are getting reimbursed. So there's no number that I can give you that says this is what we can gain in the next 3 years or this is what we can -- this is what we'll be able to redirect. But that's number you can look at and say there's a lot of volume going through hospitals that could be more efficiently -- that could more efficiently be performed by independent laboratories, and the key is figuring out how to make the hospitals the partner in that endeavor.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair.
Sylvia Chao: This is actually Sylvia in for Amanda this morning. I just had a follow-up on your previous comment on HCV, David. I'm curious if you have seen any benefits of that guidance in your volume this quarter. Or how do you expect the overall benefit or impact to your volume in a short term or longer term?
David P. King: I think the HCV opportunity is a longer-term opportunity. We haven't seen anything material certainly in the quarter but the CDC recommendation is that all adults, all U.S. adults in the "baby boomer" population be screened. The key will be to get that screening done at the primary care physician point of service because that's where the education needs to take place. The HCV screen is not a hugely expensive test. That's one of the nice things about it. It's a low-cost test that can identify a long-term chronic disease with very negative health consequences. So I think we'll see it migrate into the numbers over the next 3 years. But I don't think you're going to see enormous jumps in HCV screening or HCV utilization in any one particular timeframe.
Sylvia Chao: Okay. Then I just had a follow-on on the next-gen sequencing panel you mentioned earlier. Can you give us a little more color on in terms of what PC types or are you platform-agnostic at this point and do you have a preference for desktop or large box sequencers out there?
David P. King: At this point, we're platform-agnostic, and I think the determination of is it desktop or large box sequencer depends on the model and the volume expectations. So we've actually owned a sequencing business for quite a few years now that specifically develops sequencing panels around cardiovascular disease that was built on a big box model. But I think cardiovascular, I think obviously prenatal genetics and oncology are the 3 biggest markets where we would look at the sequencing methodology.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First of all, could you provide any color behind what was behind the lower cash flow guidance? I think in the prepared remarks you talked about the cash receipts being lower this quarter but recovering in Q4. Just wondering also what was behind that?
William B. Hayes: Yes. Kevin, this is Brad. And it really goes back to the discussion we had earlier, I think near the beginning of the Q&A around the top line. So I mean, the cash flow generation, I think, starts with, and the reduction in our guidance, the numbers we've talked about, about our revenue guidance now being 2.5% with a point of that being MEDTOX's. So that's below our Q2 revenue guidance, which excluded MEDTOX. We had not closed at that time. So it starts there, and acquisitions don't contribute immediately the same kind of cash flow that our regular business does. So I think that's the first and foremost thing behind the cash flow revision.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. Appreciate that. And then what about the cash receipts? Was that the...
William B. Hayes: Oh, sorry. Yes, that was definitely a highlight for the quarter. And as I said, we expect that to turn around in the fourth quarter.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then, Dave, adjusted operating income's been steadily declining this year, obviously a challenging environment. Just -- you guys have done a great job over the years in cutting costs. Just wondering what can be done as we head into 2013. It sounds like you're thinking it's going to be another tough year.
David P. King: Yes. Kevin, I think that -- in some sense goes back to the question Bob asked about how we feel about the long term. So if we believed that we're going to be in a 2% world forever, then looking at geographic -- looking at lab footprint and other things would be very, very high on the agenda versus if you believe you're going to return to growth. You can cut yourself to the point where you're not ready to grow when the market returns to growth. Given that, however, and given the general environment, I mean, we are basically reviewing every dollar of expense that we spend around here and where there are opportunities for us, and that includes, as I think I've said often, our 3 biggest expenses are labor, supplies and breadth. So when you start looking at the expense base, it's facilities, it's people and it's the efficiency of your testing operation. And we're spending a lot of time looking at things that we can do to improve the cost structure without a negative impact on customer service. Again, for all the things we've done from a cost perspective over the last 3 or 4 years, we watch the customer service ratings very carefully. And our customer service ratings that we've just received for the last quarter continue to be at all-time highs for the company. So the last thing we want to do is cause a deterioration in service, which is only going to lead to further deterioration in our growth.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Exactly. Okay. And then we've seen a lot of or heard a lot from the payors about narrower network use. And then you guys are obviously the low-cost provider. Just wondering if you've seen or do you think there will be increased activity or movement by state Medicaid programs shifting to more exclusive arrangements with low-cost providers such as yourself?
David P. King: I guess if I were to identify what I think is the biggest trend in state Medicaid, it's managed Medicaid, so it's moving completely away from the idea that the states are going to run these programs and moving them instead into programs that are run by private companies. And it wouldn't surprise -- I mean again, there you're negotiating with a private insurance company just the way you are when you're negotiating a health system -- sorry, when you're negotiating a standard contract. I wouldn't be surprised to see that continue. Medicaid is not a -- does not pay particularly high rates, Kevin. And they pay -- there is no premium -- there is sort of no in-network -- out-of-network. There's no premium for people who are out of network the way there are with some of the managed care plans. SO I don't know about narrower network so much as I think about ways in which they can just reduce the overall unit cost.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Dana Vartabedian - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Dana Vartabedian in for Darren. Can you comment on whether or not you've experienced any sort of pricing pressure in anatomic pathology, I guess, especially as it relates to prostate? And if you can, about how much of your pathology business does prostate represent?
David P. King: I don't think we've experienced pricing pressure. As we've talked about historically, the physician in-sourcing has been volume pressured. But I don't think we've experienced pricing pressure and nothing specific with respect to prostate biopsies, no.
Dana Vartabedian - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: All right. And can you tell me about how much of the pathology business that makes up?
David P. King: I could not tell you off the top of my head, sorry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A few quick questions. Brad, this is, I guess, the third year in a row where that 3Q tax rate is kind of lower than the other quarter. So obviously, that's starting to look like pretty recurring. Would that be your expectation for 2013 as well?
William B. Hayes: Yes.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And that's just seasonal state or...
William B. Hayes: Well, yes, Gary, and it really goes back to, without getting into a lot of discussion about accounting, the adoption of FIN 48 which was several years ago. It really has led to your observation.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then you guys commented that both MEDTOX and histology were the drivers of the negative aggregate revenue per requisition. Can you quantify the MEDTOX impact on that?
David P. King: No. We're just not going to break it down in that level of detail. MEDTOX because of a lot of the routine toxicology testing, employer drug testing, is a lower price point than our average price point, and that's why it created some drag.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And you'd said -- what about on margin, you'd said 50 basis points. I'm sorry, actually you said 50 basis points from the 1 less revenue per day, but you also called out MEDTOX has an impact on year-over-year margin. Can you quantify that?
David P. King: No.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, I'm striking out here.
David P. King: 1 of 3. You're still at the Hall of Fame numbers.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Well, that was just a yes or no question. So this last one will put me either at 250 or at the 500, I guess. I'm going to ask you the question that investors ask me the most. I know it's something that you've given some ongoing consideration to. But given the environment and the lower growth rates, one of the compelling characteristics of the business is the robust free cash flow generation and so over and over again, investors say why not a dividend? And I guess, most people would understand that the pros of giving a dividend and some of the premium valuation that's afforded the stocks that have one. Is there -- what's the obvious stuff on the counter side to why not to institute a dividend in the future?
David P. King: Well, I mean, I think you can make a convincing argument for both sides, and that's why it's not an easy answer. If it were an easy answer, it would be -- we would've answered a long time ago. I think if I think about the reasons why one would not pay a dividend, first of all, we look back to the last -- just 2008, we look back at our share repurchase and the stock is up about $20 so about 30% since the beginning of 2008. And the delta between what we've paid for the shares and the current price or the price as of the beginning of the week was another 15%. I think on a 5-year timeframe, that's a pretty impressive performance for return to shareholders based on share repurchase. And I'm not sure that you add much to that type of performance by paying a dividend. And I think that's the issue is the long-term. If you look at the last year, the last 2 years and where the stock has been, obviously you can make an easy case to say, well, you would have gotten more total shareholder return out of the dividend. But our job is to look at what's in the long-term best interest of our company and our shareholders, and it's just not self-evident that companies that pay a dividend actually maintain premium pricing over time versus share repurchase or that they end up providing a greater level of return to their shareholders than companies that use share repurchase. So those are the considerations. And again, if this were a slam dunk, we would've done it a long -- we would've made our decision a long time ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dane Leone with Macquarie Securities.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: I guess the first question is, you said that because of one fewer revenue day, you had a 50 basis points operating margin impact. Is that in line with the benefit that you saw in the first quarter given the extra day and due to the leap year? Or I'm just trying to reconcile that I guess, so any color would be helpful.
William B. Hayes: Dane, if I go back to our first quarter comments, I think we said that days were approximately the same as Q1 '11.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Right.
William B. Hayes: This is revenue days as opposed to calendar days so it's just how many days of revenue do you generate and the fact that there was a leap day in the first quarter doesn't necessarily lead to an additional revenue day because if you look back at the first quarter transcript, obviously, we covered this where the holidays fall and where the January 1 holiday fell this year make a difference in terms of revenue days.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Got it. Okay. So a kind of macro question here, is something that we haven't touched on yet. But looking at the past 3 years or the last 2 years specifically, '11 and year-to-date this year, it's clear that there seems to be an underlying trend of lower macro utilization and we've spoken about unemployment, but something that we get a lot of questions about is around the consumer-driven health plans impacting just lower macro utilization and consumers just avoiding or being more conscientious about the testing that's done in the physician office. I'm just curious if there was any data points that you had that you either confirm, deny or shed some light onto this trend as under current healthcare law or under the health care reform, it seems like this trend is going to continue for some years as it relates back to the Cadillac tax that corporations are trying to avoid. So I'm not sure if you have any data points, but it would be helpful.
David P. King: I think the biggest data point we have is that the percentage of our billings that end up being the responsibility of the patient continue to increase and they particularly continue to increase in the first and second quarters of the year. So it's clear that consumer-driven health plans are causing patients to have more responsibility. It's clear that consumer-driven health plans are dampening utilization. Just hard to point to a statistic, but just anecdotally. I mean, if you look at the Kaiser Family Foundation studies on patients, people who were surveyed who have decided to forego care, that's a pretty compelling statistic about what the consumer-driven health plans are doing. I do think as we get to the next phase of the consumer-driven health plans, which is pricing transparency for patients, again, the lower cost, more efficient providers are going to benefit, and that's where we'll be in an excellent position.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just one follow-up question on volumes. Just wondering if you could comment on the pacing throughout the quarter, did it improve or decline when you adjust for seasonality?
David P. King: We don't talk about the pacing of volume within the quarter.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the Foundation Medicine investment, it's interesting technology, obviously, same timeframe and amount of uncertainty about how these tests are going to be regulated over time. So just wondering what your expectations are for how the regulatory and reimbursement process will evolve in that market in 2013.
David P. King: I think -- I don't think you'll see a lot of activity in regulatory or reimbursement with Foundation in 2013. And obviously, we're passive investors, so we're not running that business. But the reason that we invested in Foundation is because we like the technology, we like the leadership, we like the other investors and we think it has the potential to be where cancer diagnostics goes, particularly complex diagnostics, over time. So it gives us a good opportunity to get a look at how cancer diagnostics is evolving without having to make huge capital commitments within LabCorp. And that's the reason why we made that investment and look forward to seeing it evolve over time.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And maybe if I can be a little more specific not just on Foundation but in the category of genetic testing in general, you have obviously a lot of changes being proposed through CMS and some of the parties with whom they work. Just wondering, again, in general, if you look at genetic testing as a category, do you have a specific view on how that market will evolve? I mean, that's obviously a source of potential upside just given the contribution of those types of tests to your business, that's why I asked.
David P. King: Yes, I mean the market clearly is going to evolve toward more genetic testing through a sequencing platform, which means that there's going to be considerable amount more information provided at a lower cost. And part of the challenge is going to be the interpretation of that information by physicians who are delivering services. But I'd just point you toward, I think it was within the last 3 weeks, there was an extensive article in the Wall Street Journal about the genetic research that's being done on autism and the sequencing methodology for the different academic institutions that are using sequencing methodology to try to get at the genetic as opposed to the environmental basis of autism. There's -- this is going to be an area that's going to continue to grow. The sequencing methodology is going to continue to grow. We've invested in it directly in our business but we also will continue investing in it through partners. And with that, ladies and gentlemen, I think we're going to wrap it up for this morning. We appreciate your listening to our call today and hope you have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David P. King - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Stephen Anderson William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Gavin Weiss - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Dane Leone - Macquarie Research Anthony V. Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Hima B. Inguva - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Alexander Y. Draper - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2012 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. My name is Reggie, and I'll be your conference operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the call over to the host for today's call, Mr. David King, Chairman and CEO. Please proceed.
David P. King: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Second Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; Adam Feinstein, Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning we will discuss our second quarter 2012 financial results, update our 2012 guidance, highlight our progress on our Five Pillar Strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson who has a few comments before we begin.
Stephen Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our website, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS, adjusted EPS excluding amortization, free cash flow and adjusted operating income. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among other statements about -- among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from the Genzyme Genetics and other acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect the company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2011 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I will review 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. Also review our updated 2012 guidance. First, cash flow. Our cash flow remains strong. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended June 30, 2012, were $749.5 million, excluding the Hunter Labs settlement. We remain pleased with our cash collections. DSO was 47 days at the end of June, a decrease of 1 day sequentially and an increase of 1 day year-over-year. During the quarter, we maintained our bad debt rate of 4.4%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 1.4% year-over-year in the second quarter. During the quarter, revenue per requisition increased 1.5% year-over-year. Total company volume was essentially flat year-over-year during the second quarter. Esoteric volume increased approximately 1.3% in the quarter. Third, margin. For the second quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 19.7% compared to 19.9% in the second quarter of 2011. The decline in adjusted operating income margin is due to a 30-basis-point drag from recent acquisitions that we've not fully integrated. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of June, we had cash of $124.4 million and $510 million available under our credit facility. During the second quarter, we repurchased $130.3 million of stock, representing 1.5 million shares. Year-to-date, we repurchased 2.9 million shares for $252.6 million. At the end of June, $332 million of repurchase authorization remained under our share repurchase program. This morning, we updated our 2012 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 2% to 3%; adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, in the range of $6.80 to $7, excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after June 30, 2012; operating cash flow of approximately $950 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $155 million. I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Brad. We are pleased with our performance, given that we continue to face a very difficult environment for volume growth. During the quarter, we grew earnings per share by nearly 8% year-over-year. We continued to integrate our recent acquisitions and focus on expense control, lowering our selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue by 90 basis points year-over-year, adjusted for the Hunter Labs settlement and Orchid legal expenses in 2011. And we extended our contract with WellPoint on a multi-year basis, stable pricing and continued exclusivity in our key markets. We continue to make significant progress on each aspect of our Five Pillar Strategy. The first pillar of our strategy is that we deploy our cash to enhance our footprint and test menu through acquisitions and to repurchase shares. In June, we announced our intended acquisition of MEDTOX Scientific, a premier forensic and clinical laboratory with a diverse test menu and a reputation for exceptional quality, dependability and customer service. This acquisition gives us a great foundation for growth in our specialized toxicology testing, as we build and expand our Toxicology Center of Excellence. The transaction has received FTC clearance, and we expect to close as soon as customary closing conditions are met, including the approval of MEDTOX's shareholders. The integrations of Integrated Genetics and Integrated Oncology and Orchid Cellmark continue to go well and are in line with our expectations. We continue to realize synergies on schedule and to offer new services in genetics and oncology. Finally, we have repurchased 2.9 million shares at a cost of $252.6 million year-to-date. The second pillar of our strategy is to enhance our IT capabilities to improve the physician and patient experience. We continue to see strong growth in the adoption of our Beacon platform, which is now deployed to more than 14,500 sites and has more than 66,000 users. We added a number of features to Beacon in the second quarter, and we will add more analytical ordering and reporting capabilities, specifically for physicians and hospitals, later this year. We successfully completed the pilot of our Beacon patient portal and received positive customer feedback. The portal is a secure and easy-to-use online solution that enables patients to receive and share lab results, make appointments, pay bills, set up automatic alerts and notifications and manage health information for the entire family. We continue to see rapid adoption, with more than 2,000 new patient registrations each week, and we remain on track to launch the portal nationwide later this year. We continue to improve our electronic medical record connectivity. We have added over 3,500 new client EMR interfaces year-to-date and are on pace to exceed 7,500 in 2012. We continue to pursue our open platform strategy, allowing our customers to connect seamlessly to LabCorp directly or via the EMR of choice. We continue to expand the capabilities of our Beacon platform to deliver data aggregation and advanced analytics services, including LabCorp datasets alongside diagnostic guidelines, prescription data and hospital information to aid physicians and health care administrators in treatment and population management. These new data sources our industry-leading services that should assist our customers in multiple ways, as they seek to improve patient outcomes and reduce the cost of care. The third pillar of our strategy is to continue to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services. We are pleased to report the LabCorp Touch accessioning and workflow tool is now installed in over 1,500 locations, and deployment is nearing completion. LabCorp Touch, including AccuDraw, automates key aspects of our specimen collection, improving quality by reducing secondary collections by 50% and significantly reducing accessioning labor. Additionally, Touch and our enhanced logistics capabilities allow us to move specimens more rapidly through our supply chain, widening our lab-testing windows and improving turnaround times. We have expanded our patient self-service offerings through 2 key enhancements. First, our online appointment scheduling system now allows patients to enter demographic and insurance information, reducing their registration time at our PSCs and enhancing our efficiency and their experience. Second, in select markets, we have introduced the telephonic voice recognition system to schedule appointments in our Patient Service Centers. We began the rollout of the Vantage positive ID system in our histology testing division. The system will improve quality, standardize workflow and enhance throughput across all of our histology operations. We anticipate the rollout of the Vantage system to last approximately 18 months. We are preparing to pilot our splitting and sorting robotic system, which we call Propel [ph], over the next several months. We are excited about this opportunity to enhance efficiency and quality. The fourth pillar of our strategy is to continue scientific innovation at reasonable and appropriate pricing. We introduced new test and collaborate with leading companies and academic institutions to provide our physicians and patients with the most scientifically advanced testing in our industry. We recently launched an age-based guideline initiative for cervical cancer and STD screening. This innovative age-based test protocol aids physicians in ordering cervical cancer and sexually transmitted disease screening tests. Clinicians can now select a test number that will individualize cervical cancer and STD testing, based on the patient's age and corresponding test protocol as published in the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists guidelines. We continue to enhance offerings in the new swab family of tests. New swab allows us to perform multiple women's health tests selected by the ordering physician from a single-collection swab. We are the only laboratory that has validated each test we offer on a precise collection device used for new swab testing, meaning that doctors and patients can be assured of the highest quality results to guide diagnosis and treatment. In May, we announced our collaborative relationship with Ariosa Diagnostics, for which we offer an innovative non-invasive test for detection of common fetal trisomies using DNA in maternal blood. The test is performed using a maternal blood draw, taken at a doctor's office or Patient Service Center, and provide accuracy approaching that of invasive testing for common fetal trisomies. The fifth pillar of our strategy is to develop alternative delivery models. We continue to discuss alternative models with managed care partners, health systems and physician groups. And our Beacon Lab Benefit Solution product will be operationally available next quarter to better meet their needs. Our goal in this initiative is to provide payors, health systems and physicians with a variety of options to improve laboratory quality, reduce treatment costs and improve patient outcomes. In summary, we are pleased with the quarter and the progress we have achieved on our Five Pillar Strategy. Now Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Stephen Anderson: Thank you, Dave. Can you describe the impact of the Medicare reimbursement cuts you will face in 2013? Absent any additional congressional action through the end of the year, we would anticipate an approximate 5% reduction to the clinical lab fee schedule beginning January 1, 2013. The Affordable Care Act baseline for the 2013 update, the clinical lab fee schedule, will be a negative 0.95%, based on the recently published CPI-U and productivity adjustment figures. As part of the Sustainable Growth Rate fix, the clinical lab fee schedule will be re-baselined an additional 2% lower, effective January 1, 2013. Further, absent any congressional activity, mandatory sequestration will impose an additional 2% reduction in the clinical lab fee schedule, effective January 1, 2013. Together, these cuts sum to an approximate 5% cut to the clinical lab fee schedule, which represents approximately 12% of our total revenue. In addition to the reduction in the clinical lab fee schedule, mandatory sequestration will impose a 2% reduction in the physician fee schedule, effective January 1, 2013. The physician fee schedule represents approximately 2% of our total revenue. Can you update us on the status of the inquiry you received from the Senate Finance Committee? LabCorp continues to work closely with the staff of the Senate Finance Committee to respond to their request for information. We were the first company to meet with the committee staff shortly after receiving their letter asking us to provide a responsive overview of how our contracts with managed care organizations work. We continue to work closely with the staff to respond to their inquiry. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? For the year, approximately 40% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. As we reiterated last quarter, our goal is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 45% of our revenue within the next 3 to 5 years. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Steve. Thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: This is a little disorienting with Adam not getting the first question. I asked this question on the earlier call, but there's a lot of discussion continuing around pricing pressure and for a very long time, there was pricing stability. And I don't know exactly when, but it seems like 5 or 6 years ago, we started to see pressure on price. So maybe could you comment about, is there a path back towards pricing stability and what are the challenges of getting there?
David P. King: Yes. Gary, I guess -- it's Dave. I guess I would characterize it a little differently, which is, there was -- I think, as everybody remembers in 2007 and 2008, a fairly sizable pricing reset and my view is that since that time, pricing has been quite stable. And that, on both a unit cost and a mix basis, pricing has generally been positive. So I look at other industries, probably aside from pharmaceuticals and health care services, and I see a trend where unit pricing -- I mean, you look at imaging, at hospital services, look at physician services, I see a trend where unit pricing has been fairly steadily going down. Whereas for us, unit pricing has been relatively flat and in a couple of years, unit pricing has been positive. So our pricing in this quarter was positive, and we're happy about that. And we continue to make every effort to be disciplined on pricing, given the surrounding environment.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just a follow-up to that would be, with the -- assuming the Accountable Care Act is implemented, what kind of impact do you see on your overall unit pricing from the implementation of health care reform?
David P. King: I just think it's -- I think it's too early to hypothesize about what's going to happen to price. There are too many variables that are in play. For example, it's been widely discussed that employers may decide not to continue to extend coverage and pay the penalty instead. If that happened, and employees go to the exchanges, I mean, that has one potential pricing impact. You have potentially more patients in Medicaid, which has unit pricing implications if they're uninsured now or if they're outside the system. So I just think it's too early to tell what implications the ACA would have for price, because there are too many moving pieces.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy of William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: This is a follow-up to some comments, Dave, that you made about the alternative delivery models. I'm curious, how -- what are you seeing these days in terms of managed care's efforts to manage lab spend? How willing are they to adopt their type of models? And typically, how do we think about those models impacting the P&L, relative to current models?
David P. King: I think that there is increasing focus in managed care on lab trend, not so much on lab spend, because as we have always said, the spend is 3% of total health care expenditure, although we provide a heck a lot more than 3% of the value. But I think there is increasing focus on trend, and the trend is utilization. And it's also what tests are being selected. So I think, in a appropriate way managed care, and it's not just only managed care by the way, it's integrated delivery networks, it's health systems, are focused on what tests are being ordered and why are the tests being ordered and are they being ordered from the right provider. So I think there is more willingness to approach these issues. Like everything, there's a implementation period, there's a learning curve. And we're still in the early stages of what I would describe as managed care and hospitals and delivery networks and health systems and even physician groups implementing a more focused approach to how tests are ordered.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So just thinking, over the next couple of years, how do we think about the offsetting factors of -- I think there has been a lot of discussion about hospitals purchasing physician practices and how those test volumes are that the -- I guess the referral source changes the direction of the test volume. And then, you think about hospitals selling their outreach businesses and some of the things you talked about. I mean, how do you -- how you rationalize all of those and think about the impact to volumes over the next couple of years? Does one seem like it's standing out more than the other?
David P. King: So obviously, we've talked about it, and it's been widely discussed that health systems, I would describe them as big health systems, are purchasing physician practices as well as other -- a significant number of other types of services as well, which has the potential to redirect the flow of lab specimens. On the other hand, it also has the potential to significantly increase the cost of the lab expense to the payors and even the internal costs of the laboratory services that the health systems are now providing to the physicians. So to me, the increasing focus on reducing the overall cost of care and on directing, not only lab work but all services to the highest quality and most efficient provider, benefits us because I think we're the highest quality and most efficient provider.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then just last one, if you think about volumes over the past few years, they've been -- it's been a challenging environment just given the macro situation. How do you think about -- if you put reform aside for a second, how do you think about this general utilization of patients? Is this something that you think is a fundamental shift in how people are using healthcare? Or is this something that you think, as the macro environment theoretically improve, then we could see better utilization levels?
David P. King: I've always maintained that as the macro environment improves that we will see improved utilization levels. And I continue to hold that view. It certainly is the case that we're in a period of low-volume growth. That's the environment and so it requires us to manage the business very well to be able to continue to be successful. But we're also in a very, very tough macro environment with a lot overhang of high unemployment and the economy not picking up steam the way that economists and everybody else thought that it would. And I do think that has the effect of muting the use of health care services generally and lab services specifically.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich of Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a couple of questions here. The first is just on organic growth. Could you comment a little bit on what you think your underlying organic growth was in the quarter, if you x out some of the smaller acquisitions that you made over the last 12 months?
William B. Hayes: Darren, this is Brad. If we go back in and look at that -- the schedule we prepared to look at the organic growth, I'm going to speak to the volume metric, that volume in the second quarter was down 50 basis points on a year-over-year basis.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And if you could just maybe comment a little bit more about the drivers of the organic growth trends, are you seeing anything that are worth pointing out in either bucket, any test categories, anything that would help put this deceleration into perspective?
William B. Hayes: Sure, 2 things come to mind that are drivers. One is vitamin D. And the vitamin D test, as you know, grew quickly for several years, and it has since flattened out. So I think that is challenging to the growth rate of overall volume. The other is in our histology area. We see continued weakness from a volume perspective in the histology category of our business. And I think they are some of the trends that we've talked about in the past, are still with us and impacting our experience there.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just specific to histology, is there a deterioration versus what -- we've heard about in the past, is it still kind of a single-digit decline?
David P. King: Darren, it's Dave. I think it's just a continuation of the trend.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, the other question I had is just stepping back. And Dave, I know you've made comments to investors and analysts over time just about the decelerating growth and the overall environment. As you think about that more and look at the company's capital structure, if this trend persists, how seriously would you consider dividend on top of share repurchase? It seems like we're looking at much more GDP-like growth, and that may be deserving of a dividend for your shareholders.
David P. King: Darren, I mean, we've talked about this frequently in the last 18 months and have said that our goal is to make a decision on this issue of whether to initiate a dividend at the end of this year. I think one of the confounding factors in terms of the idea of introducing a dividend is if what I'm reading in the press is accurate and nothing changes in the tax structure next year, the potential marginal tax rate on dividends could be 45%. And so that, in my view, really takes away from the attractiveness of a dividend. So some of this is going to depend on what are -- what is Congress and the executive branch going to do and are they going to be able to come to any agreement about the tax structure? And the second is what do we see in the environment.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, last thing here, just maybe a comment on strategy. It seems like one of the bigger market share opportunities for the big labs still remains to be hospital business. And I know you've commented a little bit in this, but maybe can you just update us maybe more specifically on how you're approaching that market? What types of things you're working on there that might allow you to capture share in that realm?
David P. King: Yes. And I think when we think about the system, the system is certainly becoming -- the health care system is becoming more health system centric. I would not -- I think hospitals are becoming more than hospitals. Hospitals own physician practices. They own urgent cares. They own acute care facilities. They own imaging facilities. So hospitals are transforming themselves into integrated delivery networks, broader health systems. And I continue to believe that we have all the tools in place. We have all the right strategies to demonstrate to hospitals and health systems that we can improve the quality of the laboratory services and ultimately of the patient care that's delivered, and we can help them reduce their costs. I think some of it is that the health systems also need to increase their awareness of the savings and quality improvement opportunities. Managed care payors need to increase their awareness of the savings and quality improvement opportunities. And we need to continue to refine the message and refine the financial analytics that demonstrate that. So I think there's some -- there's opportunities on all sides of the equation. But I continue to believe that we're extremely well positioned to benefit from what we're all going to see, which is in the next several years, which is, there is going to be pressure to reduce costs. The higher-cost, less-efficient providers are going to be disadvantaged. And the more-efficient providers, particularly the high-quality, more-efficient providers like LabCorp, are going to be in a strong position.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of questions. First -- the first one is more focused on the near term. If you can just detail for us what would be the impact of the MEDTOX acquisition on pricing metric in the second half of the year.
David P. King: Ricky, we -- since we haven't closed, we haven't incorporated any of the MEDTOX numbers into our evaluation. You can -- obviously, MEDTOX is a public company, so you can look at their revenues and their reported price and do that math. But it's not something that we're incorporating into our outlook for the rest of the year until we actually close.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: But if we just think about it, if we -- about the trends, should we think of it as a headwind or a tailwind to second half as we kind of work it through our model?
David P. King: I actually don't know, because I have not looked at their -- I believe their PPA is comparable to ours. But, again, it's a publicly reported number, and so it -- the calculation should be relatively easy to do.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just going to talk longer term, as we think about stuff like industry growth and I think you commented earlier on your expectation for volume to go back to kind of like historical rates as the economy improves. So when you think about stuff like top line growth and the mix between volume and the price, should we get to kind of like historical 45% top line growth just from core business fundamentals improving? Or are you looking to augment top line growth with complementary acquisitions and not necessarily kind of affecting core business but just looking outside core and what would you look as -- see as complementary?
David P. King: So we've always said our foundation model was 4% to 6% top line growth. It's a combination of volume, price and some small fold-in acquisitions, and that continues to be our view of the long-term opportunity. When we think about complementary acquisitions, you can't say yes and you can't say no, hypothetically, to anything without having had the chance to evaluate it. I wouldn't be -- so I wouldn't rule out something that would be highly complementary to what we do. And over time, we've done some of those things. They've been very small. For example, we've acquired small IT companies that provided capabilities to do things that we felt it was easier to buy than build. So I wouldn't rule anything out. But I think each one we would have to evaluate on a case-by-case basis. We would have to determine, is it complementary to our core competencies, does it give us the opportunity to advance our strategy, do we have the management capabilities to run it? Those are the factors that we obviously -- what would the return be and how will we -- how would this add value to shareholders? And those would be the things that we would evaluate in any situation where we look into that -- where we looked at a complementary acquisition.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. But would it be fair to say that for the time being, you still -- your key focus is on the more small fold-in acquisitions?
David P. King: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill of JPMorgan.
Gavin Weiss - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is actually Gavin Weiss, in for Lisa. And hopefully, this will go a little bit more smoothly than our performance on the last call. But in the press release, you noted that you expect Genzyme to be slightly accretive, which I believe is consistent with what you said previously. But can you clarify if there have been any changes in your expectations for Genzyme? Is it more or less accretive than you previously thought?
David P. King: I didn't listen to the last call but obviously, there's something I need to go back and listen to, I guess. No, our expectations for Genzyme have not changed in terms of what we set out at the beginning of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a quick clarification, one on vitamin D. Is there something in there beyond just sort of the comps there that you think is driving the slowdown? And specifically, what I'm wondering is, did see any signs of pushback from payors with regards to the amount of vitamin D testing that gets done?
David P. King: Isaac, it's Dave. There have been some proposals by a couple of the Medicare carriers to impose diagnosis-related requirements on Vitamin D. They certainly are not material to the overall utilization. I think what's happened is, we have reached a plateau in vitamin D, which is that there was tremendous growth as there was widespread physician adoption. Now the test is largely adopted. The utilization is what -- is where physicians think it's appropriate, and so we've just seen it flatten off.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then maybe if I could ask a more structural question. Long term, we're obviously in a -- based on the economic forecast, sort of for protracted period of sluggishness -- and so [indiscernible] that continues to be a headwind for volumes. How do you look at maybe taking the asset base you have? You obviously touched millions and millions of people in the health care system. Are there other verticals that you might consider expanding into? You've obviously bolted on with incremental capabilities. I'm just trying to think out of the box here regarding other ways in which you can try and monetize the access you have to the health care system.
David P. King: I think, as I've said in response to Ricky's question, we always look at things that might be interesting that could be complementary. Again, the question is, is it going to create value for shareholders? Are we going to get an acceptable rate of return on invested capital? Do we have the -- does it fit with our core competencies? Does it -- is it -- do we have the capability -- the management capabilities to run these things? And obviously, I mean, we've all read the reports of a number of recent acquisitions that one could argue or, if not outside the fairway, at least on the edges of the fairway for some sizable services businesses, we continue to look at opportunities. I don't have anything specific that I can't point to and say, this is a terrific opportunity for us. But we continue to look at what might be out there in the marketplace that we would have the capabilities to run and that would enhance value for our shareholders.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And you guys talked at maybe a board level sort of a horizon. I mean, if we're in a period of protracted sluggishness -- I mean, there sort of becomes sort of this question of if rates stay low, there's tons of cash flow in the business. And I understand the comment on returns. But I mean, we've seen a lot of other adjacencies in health care, where companies maybe taking a short-term hit to returns in the interest of a long-term strategic shift. And if we sort of stand this current volume environment, is there a deadline here where you might start to revisit your hurdles there and then pivot into a new business?
David P. King: I think it -- I'm not going to comment on what we talk about at the board. I think at every level of the company, we consistently review our strategic focus. And we review what the business opportunities are in health care services generally and the laboratory industries specifically. I'm hesitant to say that there's a deadline by which we're going to do something, simply because we're in a rapidly changing environment and, granted, we're in a low growth environment. But with 2014 ahead, if the ACA is implemented, there can be dramatic change in the overall health care environment. And as I've mentioned earlier on the call, we're in an environment in which the center of gravity in health care services is moving towards broader integrated delivery networks and broader health systems, larger and larger physician groups. These are all things that continue to evolve, and we're going to continue to evolve with them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich of Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: First, just wanted to congratulate Adam again on joining the company. Dave, not to beat a dead horse on the volume environment, but I was just wondering if there is any way you can quantify or how much of this do you think is cyclical versus structural?
David P. King: I think it will be hard to -- it's hard to come up with a number, Kevin. I mean, if we look back at the first quarter of 2011, when I think people had the general sense that the economy was getting better, that we were kind of coming out of the 2009, 2010 funk, organic volume growth was about 3%. Pretty good. Very good. As we went through 2011, and it became clear to -- I think that we weren't coming out of the funk and that, in fact, Europe was going into the funk, and employment was not improving and the fundamentals of the U.S. economy were not really getting much better, we saw organic growth decline. And then the beginning of this year again we had a little bit of a pickup, and this quarter we saw a decline. So I continue to believe that the data suggest that when the economy gets better, we are going to return to better utilization trends. There's no question that there is more focus on cost management and on utilization management in every aspect of health care services than there was 3 years ago. But I still think this is more cyclical and less structural.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then just going back to the molecular diagnostic initiatives that have been put in place by Palmetto and the new codes that are coming out in 2013. I don't think you guys have ever really quantified what percent of your revenues might be impacted by this. Could you give us any update on that?
David P. King: Yes. I mean, let me just say, as I think I've said a number of times, this -- in our view, first of all, we support enhanced transparency in billing and coding. The amount of molecular testing that is billed to Medicare is quite small, and this is not a material component of our revenue. And it also is not going to have a material impact on our financials.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. And then just last question, could you give us an update on the managed care contracts? I think Humana was coming up at the end of this year. Has that been renewed? And then, you have, what, Cigna and WellPoint next year?
David P. King: Well, Humana is coming up at the end of this year, and we're deep in discussions with Humana. Cigna is the middle of next year, and we're in discussions with Cigna as well. And as we mentioned earlier on this call, we extended WellPoint on a multi-year basis with stable pricing and retaining exclusivity in all of our key markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor of Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: One question I want to ask about -- you may have talked about this and I missed it, but what are the trends on test per requisition or ascension and -- accession and what really drives that? Is that just product selection as the primary driver on that?
William B. Hayes: Gary, it's Brad. We continue to see an increase in that trend. If we look back over a long time of history, it has continued to go up. So I would say that just new tests, I mean, vitamin D would be a good example that we've talked about many times on the call today. New tests or tests that have a new or -- application or new use in the practice of medicine, we believe, drives that trend. The other thing that's helping or -- that trend, I believe, is the aging population. Because we do know from looking at our different parts of our business that older patients receive more tests per encounter than do younger patients. So I think it's -- it has many factors. But the ones I just mentioned, I think, are the primary drivers.
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. Just a little more color on that. I mean, first of all, there are small increases in the number of test per requisition year-over-year. So they're not a test per requisition. They're tenths of a test per requisition. And the second thing is, just to be clear, it's one of our fundamental principles that we offer physicians a wide variety of choices in how they select and order tests. So we offer them a very broad menu. They may choose to have groups of tests that they have preselected, but we offer them a very broad menu and the ability to order every test individually, other than the tests that are grouped into panels by CMS, for example. So it is -- it's physician choice that is changing the number of tests per requisition, not product choices, to use the word you used to describe it.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And one sort of pseudo-follow-up on that, just kind of thinking forward, I mean, obviously, you guys have mentioned ATOs a little bit, and those are just getting started. And some of the financial incentives for physicians are initially much more limited than you could see down the line or we have seen. For example, in California, where physicians are in capitated models. I mean, do you have enough experience, I mean, maybe in California with groups like HCP, which DaVita bought, which are on a full capitated model? And what sort of impact there is on lab utilization versus fee-for-service? I mean, all of these big integrated medical groups that have taken capitation talk about really substantial reductions in imaging and hospital in-patient utilization. And I would guess that, to a certain extent, lab testing falls into something as well, where utilization is impacted negatively. But do you have enough experience with that, just to comment on that?
David P. King: Yes. The -- normally, in that type of an environment, Gary, we're -- we would be sub-capitated to the capitated provider. So -- and then we might have and we would have carve-outs for specific types of testing that wouldn't fall within the sub-capitation, whether they're molecular testing or things that are not included in a capitated rate. So even in our capitated managed care plans and in our sub-capitation with IPAs, I don't think there's huge negative impact on utilization. Obviously, there are pricing implications of sub-capitated models, but I don't think we see huge impact on utilization. And again, I think that just goes to the point of -- I don't think that doctors are out deliberately over-ordering lab testing or even deliberately over-ordering images or -- I mean, that's not what physicians do. I think there's liability concerns for many physicians. There's patient demand for many physicians, where a patient comes in and says, "My knee has been hurting for 3 weeks, and I want an MRI done." So I don't think any -- other than truly bad people, I don't think anybody sets out as a physician to overuse services. I think that there are a number of drivers in the system that lead to utilization. And again, this is -- the whole intention behind the LBS is -- it's not to tell people you can't order lab testing. It's to order -- it's to help physicians order the right test for the right patient at the time the patient needs it by the highest quality provider at the most effective cost.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. I wouldn't -- I don't disagree with that, I guess. Obviously, we've seen that since there's been financial incentive to use less services or incur less costs, that marginal test or diagnostic might fall to the wayside. But if you're sub-capitated -- I mean, if you saw a growth to that, clearly, you're not going to, I guess, be willing or able to make some of the pricing or revenue concessions you've made and I think some of your existing capitated book. I guess, that would be a fair conclusion, right?
David P. King: Yes. And by the way, I also -- I do agree with you that when -- one of the things that can change the equation is when physicians have a financial interest in the services that they're ordering. That is a negative for the system, and it's a negative for utilization, and it's a negative for the highest-quality patient care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dane Leone of Macquarie.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: I have a question on Genzyme Genetics, actually, and how the integration process is going. And maybe if you could just provide a high-level update on when you think you'd hit your ROIC hurdle rate for that deal in the future of 2013 or '14, be it. And it did seem like you know something in the press release, so I'm just wondering if there was a change in integration strategy or timeline than what had been previously stated.
William B. Hayes: Dane, this is Brad. Just want to comment, the integration is going well. When we started out this process on a multi-year -- with a multi-year integration plan, and I would say so far, we are on track. And we would expect to come out of 2013 with some improvements still in early 2014 at the levels that we started out believing that we would achieve. So nothing in our thinking has changed in terms of that time frame or that experience and -- as part of the integration.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: And just -- I know this question has been asked over and over but just on the, I guess, high level on the volume growth, I'm just trying to parse out the macro issues here. Because I mean, the comps year-over-year on the volumes have obviously been affected by some of these high-deductible health plans but should then boost it a little bit by just that national demographic shift. Yes, employment year-over-year has kind of comps out to 0, I think. Maybe it's incrementally more negative, but just what is -- I mean, why -- there's something structurally different? Or I mean, what can you do in terms of content to help drive it? You've had a number of introductions of interesting tests in oncology. Is it just really sluggishness with the routine business that's kind of overwhelming everything else or is it a temporary fact that hiccup maybe in the esoteric business that we can see a re-acceleration potentially later this year?
David P. King: Dane, it's Dave. I don't really think there's much to add. I think we've covered this topic in as much detail as we can really offer you. The macro environment is tough. Unemployment is not getting better. Managed care enrollment is not getting better. And I think we're doing a very good job in terms of executing on our company priorities and our Five Pillar Strategy. But we can't make the external environment improve for us.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Okay. And just a last question, can you just give an opinion or some color on the market for acquiring hospital outreach programs or customer lists at the smaller scale, something that you don't really report? Is that environment becoming more competitive? We've heard some private equity groups getting into the roll-up game with the smaller labs. I'm just curious for your thoughts on that.
David P. King: I think the acquisition market is always competitive. I wouldn't describe it as any more competitive or less competitive today. The industry remains highly fragmented. The barriers to entry remain extremely low, and it's a very intensely competitive market for starting businesses and for acquiring them and for running them. As we have about 5 minutes left, so we're going to try to -- if you're asking -- if you're going to ask again about the environment, maybe we can go -- not pass over that. And if you have substantive questions, we'd be happy to address them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Vendetti of Maxim Group.
Anthony V. Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: You had talked about the weakness in histology and vitamin D. Well, I guess, vitamin D had been strong for a while, and that's dropped off. Can you talk about some of the other tests that you think will help drive genomic and esoteric testing to 45% of revenues in the next 3 to 5 years?
David P. King: Yes. We've seen really nice growth in our specialized endocrinology business, our specialized coagulation business. We have seen good performances in cardiovascular, or our chronic kidney disease program is having terrific success in terms of year-over-year growth. We're very pleased about the progress with new swab, with the age-based guidelines for sexually transmitted disease testing, which follows the -- specifically follows the ACOG recommendations so the so physician is able to select based on what ACOG tells them to do. The universal carrier screening tests, Genzyme Genetics, Integrated Genetics, the Ariosa non-invasive trisomy -- fetal trisomy test, a number of oncology markers and, of course, continued development of our next-generation sequencing platform for even broader analysis of tumors, cancers and oncology generally. So I think there are a lot of terrific things going on at LabCorp. And again, outside of this environment, I think we will see nice improvement in utilization and esoteric testing growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hima Inguva of Bank of America.
Hima B. Inguva - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'd like to know your outlook on M&A for remainder of the year. Do you expect to see smaller bolt-ons or will you be open to doing larger transactions? I have a follow-up.
David P. King: I think if -- it would depend on what larger transaction, but I think if an attractive transaction became available, of course, we would look at it. We're in the process of doing a sizable integration with Integrated Genetics, Integrated Oncology, and we have another not-insignificant integration coming up, assuming that we're able to close MEDTOX in relatively short order. So the focus will clearly be on the fold-in, bolt-on type deals for the rest of the year.
Hima B. Inguva - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And do you expect to exit debt markets this year?
David P. King: We haven't made a decision on that, but we're always looking at whether there's the opportunity to improve our overall capital structure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sandy Draper of Raymond James.
Alexander Y. Draper - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: My questions have been asked and answered, but just maybe a quick clarification. I think at some point, you guys had talked about either how much organic volume growth or total top line growth you need to get margin expansion, excluding any cost-saving activities. Could you just remind me what that is and tell me if it's total top line growth, indiscremental price or volume or if it needs to be dependent on volume?
William B. Hayes: Sandy, this is a Brad. I don't know that we've ever put that out there in terms of a hard-and-fast number, but I go back to the kind of the way we think about the business in that 4% to 6% top line growth range which, as Dave mentioned earlier, has some tuck-in acquisitions built into it. It creates nice leverage in our business regardless of any cost structure to grow our margins and our earnings. So I really haven't -- I don't think have a grid of, okay, at this level, it's this and at this level, it's that and we're always working on the efficiencies that Dave mentioned as part of our prepared remarks.
David P. King: Sandy, it's Dave. I mean, obviously, if you get 3% unit pricing growth, it's easy to get margin expansion. So -- but there is a lot of leverage in the volume, and so we tend to think of it as it's a -- like everything in this business, it's a combination of the impact to volume and price.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich of Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a quick housekeeping item. On the equity method income, you've obviously had a $2.9 million increase there that you've disclosed. But I guess the question I had is, will you have a new Canadian partner in this calendar year? Should we expect the equity method income to remain pretty consistent now that you own basically 100% of that?
William B. Hayes: Darren, this is Brad. One thing I'd like to point out too on that $2.9 million, that was excluded. That gain was excluded from our adjusted EPS. I want to make sure people appreciate that. And on the second question, we're always looking at our business structure in Canada and thinking about partners and how we own and operate that business. So it would be speculation to think about what might happen between now and the end of the year.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to David King.
David P. King: Thank you very much, Reggie. We appreciate everyone listening this morning and wish you all a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David P. King - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Stephen Anderson -  William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Adam T. Feinstein - Barclays Capital, Research Division Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Dane Leone - Macquarie Research Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Gavin Weiss - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Brian Zimmerman Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Arthur I. Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2012 Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. My name is Keisha and I'll be year coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David P. King, Chairman and CEO of LabCorp. Please proceed.
David P. King: Thank you, Keisha. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's First Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning we will discuss our first quarter 2012 financial results, reaffirm our 2012 guidance, highlight our progress on our Five Pillar Strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
Stephen Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our website, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS, adjusted EPS excluding amortization, free cash flow and adjusted operating income. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call.  These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits from the Genzyme Genetics and other acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect the company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2011 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change.  Now Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I will review 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. I'll also review our 2012 guidance.  First, cash flow. Our cash flow remain strong. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended March 31, 2012, was $686.9 million. We remain pleased with our cash collections. DSO was 48 days at the end of March, an increase of 1 day year-over-year and 2 days sequentially. During the quarter, we reduced our bad debt rate to 4.4%.  Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 4% year-over-year in the first quarter. During the quarter, revenue per requisition increased 1.2% year-over-year. Total company volume increased 2.8% year-over-year during the first quarter. Esoteric volume increased 4.8% in the quarter. The quarter benefited from an easier weather comp, which increased the revenue and volume growth rate by 1.5%. Although there was an extra calendar day in the quarter, the strength of days in the quarter was approximately the same as last year.  Third, margin. For the first quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 19.9% compared to 19.3% in the first quarter of 2011. We are very pleased with the margin improvement, which reflects the positive impact from our integration activities.  Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of March, we had cash of $129.9 million and $500 million available under our revolving line of credit. During the first quarter, we repurchased $122.3 million of stock representing 1.4 million shares. At the end of March, $462.1 million of repurchase authorization remained under our share repurchase program.  This morning, we also reiterated our 2012 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 2% to 3.5%; adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, in the range of $6.75 to $7.05, excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after March 31, 2012; operating cash flow of approximately $950 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $155 million. I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Brad. We are very pleased with our first quarter 2012 results. We generated strong revenue growth. We delivered solid increases in core and esoteric volume. Revenue per requisition increased 1.2%. We lowered our bad debt rate to 4.4% during the quarter, reflecting the continued exceptional performance of our operational and billing personnel.  We continue to make significant progress on each aspect of our Five Pillar Strategy. The first pillar of our strategy is that we deploy our cash to enhance our footprint and test menu through acquisitions and to repurchase shares. The acquisition market is attractive and we continue to see promising opportunities. As always, we will balance our execution of the first pillar of our strategy with good discipline around valuation. The integrations of Genzyme Genetics and Orchid Cellmark are going well and are in line with our expectations. Our rebranding of the Genzyme Genetics business has been well accepted by our customers. As a reminder, we adopted the name Integrated Genetics for the reproductive portion of Genzyme's business and LabCorp's legacy genetics business, and we adopted the name Integrated Oncology for Genzyme's Oncology business and LabCorp's legacy oncology business. Finally, we repurchased approximately $122 million of our shares in the first quarter.  The second pillar of our strategy is to enhance our IT capabilities to improve the physician and patient experience. We continue to see strong growth in the adoption of our Beacon platform. LabCorp Beacon order entry capability is now deployed to more than 11,000 sites and approximately 56,000 providers.  We also have approximately 4,000 Beacon mobile users. We added a number of new features to Beacon in the first quarter, and we continue to receive positive feedback from users for its flexibility and functionality. We recently initiated our Beacon patient portal. This portal is a secure and easy-to-use online solution that enables patients to receive and share lab results, make appointments, pay bills, set up automatic alerts and notifications and manage health information for the entire family. We have seen fast adoption and are on track with our plan to launch the portal nationwide this year. We continue to improve our electronic medical record connectivity. We added over 6,000 new client EMR interfaces in 2011 and are on pace to exceed that number in 2012. We continue to pursue our open platform strategy, allowing our customers to connect seamlessly to LabCorp directly or via the EMR of their choice. Over the course of 2012, we will continue to expand our IT offerings with decision support, report improvements and additional patient- and physician-facing solutions.  The third pillar of our strategy is to continue to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services. In the first quarter, we continued our Touch AccuDraw system implementation to more than 200 additional sites. The system is now deployed in more than 1,300 sites across the country and is processing over 1.3 million accessions per month.  We recently introduced iris [ph] digital pathology to improve pathology workflow. Instead of reviewing glass slides on a microscope and scoring them manually, this advanced diagnostic method allows our pathologists to read and score digital slides using image-based algorithms. This digital model allows creation of virtual centers of excellence, fosters collaboration with peers in remote locations and increases both efficiency and quality. The expansion of our Burlington lab campus continues to go well. We have begun to consolidate several satellite locations into this state-of-the-art facility and will realize additional rationalization opportunities over time. We continue to move testing into this facility over the next several months to enhance specimen flow and streamline our process.  The fourth pillar of our strategy is to continue scientific innovation at reasonable and appropriate pricing. We introduce new tests and collaborate with leading companies and academic institutions to provide physicians and patients with the most scientifically advanced testing in our industry.  We recently enhanced our women's health initiatives by introducing a series of tests that are derived from a single collection swab, making collection of samples convenient. Our new swab tests offer clinically-validated profiles for targeted clinical conditions; are configured to be cost-effective for payers and patients; and provide high-quality results to guide diagnosis and treatment. Further, we offer panels, as well as individual tests, to give physicians appropriate choice in addressing patient needs.  We also launched 4 additional tests to detect species of candida within our new swab portfolio. These additional tests are for patients with problematic or recurrent yeast infections and can be used when the most prevalent species of yeast infections are negative. This approach to our offerings again emphasizes physician choice, so testing is targeted and cost-effective. We also recently launched additional HPV test offerings. LabCorp now offers multiple HPV testing options to aid in the detection of cervical cancer, allowing physicians to choose the method for papillate DNA testing that they deem best for their patients.  Last month, we signed an exclusive agreement with OPKO Health for intellectual property associated with a potential Alzheimer's disease diagnostic. OPKO has identified unique antibodies that appear to be elevated in Alzheimer's patients. We will be exploring these markers and their potential to help guide and improve patient care through a diagnostic test.  The fifth pillar of our strategy is to develop alternative delivery models. We continue to discuss alternative models with our managed care partners. Though health care reform will likely change our payer mix and reimbursement systems, our goal remains to provide customers with the highest value for their laboratory spend. To this end, we are developing our Beacon lab benefit solution to provide payers, health systems and physicians a variety of options to improve laboratory quality and assist patients in receiving the right test at the right time. We intend to discuss these initiatives in more detail over the next several quarters.  In summary, we are very pleased with our first quarter performance and the progress we have achieved on our Five Pillar Strategy. Now Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Stephen Anderson: Thank you, Dave. Can you describe the impact of the SGR fix in 2013? As part of the SGR fix enacted in February, labs are slated to receive a 2% reduction to the clinical lab fee schedule, effective January 1, 2013. Further, absent any Congressional activity, mandatory sequestration, including an additional 2% reduction in the Medicare fee schedule, will be implemented effective January 1, 2013. Can you update us on the status of the inquiry you received from the Senate Finance Committee? LabCorp continues to work closely with the staff of the Senate Finance Committee to respond to their request for information. We were the first company to meet with the committee staff, shortly after receiving their letter asking us to provide a responsive overview of how our contracts with managed care organizations work. We have provided the staff with hundreds of pages of documents responding to their request. We were disappointed by some recent comments reported in the press, which are not accurate, and we will continue to work closely with the committee to answer their questions and provide all appropriate information. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? In the first quarter, approximately 41% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. As we reiterated last quarter, our goal is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 45% of our revenue within the next 3 to 5 years. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Steve. Thank you very much for listening. Again, I would remind you that we have a large number of analysts covering our stock at this time, and so we ask that you make your questions brief and please try not to repeat questions that have already been answered. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein with Barclays.
Adam T. Feinstein - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Maybe just a question to start out here. So it seems like between seeing the Quest results and your results, it seems like volume trends appear to be stable here. Do you think that's a fair way to think about volume trends?
David P. King: Yes, Adam I think it is.
Adam T. Feinstein - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just as a follow-up, and I'll be brief here. Just -- I guess, just -- as you think about the industry environment, Dave, with some of the backdrop in Washington and some of these cuts coming, how are you thinking about that in terms of creating M&A opportunities? And I guess, what are the implications of some of these cuts that are coming in the future?
David P. King: Well, I could speak for a long time about this and negate my own admonition that we should be brief. Let me just say, Adam that I think that the reimbursement environment from the government -- everybody knows we're facing a 2% cut that was implemented -- that will be implemented as part of the SGR fix. And it's mystifying to me that an industry that accounts for 1.6% of the total Medicare spend is bearing 15% of the savings that are generated from Medicare in that most recent SGR fix. So it's obviously going to be difficult on the industry. It's going to be difficult on smaller competitors, and that will provide some M&A opportunities. I would also say, though -- and I'll wear my chair of ACLA hat here for a moment, there are thousands of small independent labs in this country, and many of them serve niches such as nursing home and long-term care facilities that the major laboratories don't serve. Our model is an ambulatory model where people come to see us or specimens arrive from the doctor's office through our couriers. And going out and doing nursing home draws and the number of staffs required, it just doesn't fit within our model. So I have a serious concern that some of these cuts, particularly when you look at the operating margins of some of these smaller laboratories that serve long-term care facilities, are going to start to create real beneficiary access issues and cost issues for the Medicare program. So yes, there will be M&A opportunities, but there also will be long-term consequences for seniors if this trajectory of reimbursement cuts continues.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello with RBC.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So trying to understand a little bit the movement in gross margins year-over-year, the decline was the biggest it's been in a while, despite Genzyme's annualizing and the synergies that you noted in the proxy from Genzyme. And so I'm just trying to understand if that's due to the fact that volume growth was so strong in Q1 of last year, or is it just all the different acquisition moving parts? Or should we be extrapolating less of a benefit from mix, or maybe even price pressure?
William B. Hayes: Bill, it's Brad. I think it has more to do with the acquisition. So as you recall, we closed Orchid at the end of the fourth quarter of last year, so it's new basically in the first quarter, and we have -- we're early in the integration there. So we do have Genzyme integration and past acquisition integration that's benefiting. Some new acquisitions, and one that we're still integrating also from last year is Clearstone, in the clinical trial space. So I think it's a bag of -- a mixed bag of improvement in some, relative newness and still progress being made in others that is resulting in what we see there.
David P. King: And Bill -- Dave. Just to follow on that, Clearstone in particular, because of some of the European operations, until the synergies are fully realized, is a sizable -- has a sizable impact on gross margins.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I mean, is that really most of it, because I would just think that the contribution from those 2 acquisitions would have to have been relatively minimal, so -- I mean, even if they were at a huge discount to what your corporate gross margin is, it still seems like you'd be seeing a lot of gross margin pressure.
David P. King: Well, the thing is if you look all the way down the P&L, I mean, most of the savings that we're realizing from Genzyme are coming in the SG&A. So the gross margin profile of Genzyme is still not vastly superior to our typical corporate margin. And then when you add a sizable gross margin expense component with Orchid and Clearstone, it actually does drag it down pretty fast. So I'd say that is the vast majority, if not the single explanation for the gross margin decline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby with Bank of America.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dave, the digital technology that you mentioned for the pathology sector, that sounds like the answer to what's been a nightmare process, I guess, a manual preparation and monitoring. Is this -- am I correct in viewing that as a material savings and capacity reduction opportunity, or will we not be able to see that in your numbers going forward?
David P. King: Bob, I think it is a material opportunity to generate savings for a couple of reasons. One, which is not insignificant, is just moving the glass slides around to different specialty pathologists. And the other is our ability to create virtual centers of excellence, where pathologists can review slides either individually or in collaboration without necessarily having to all be present. So I think there is savings opportunity there. Obviously, we have to scale it to the entire organization, but we've made a very solid start.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But it doesn't save you on your prep time, that manual process of receiving, cutting and staining?
David P. King: We're working on some automation tools for the prep, but it doesn't directly impact prep at this point. It just impacts review and scoring and reporting.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: One housekeeping question, one big picture question. First, just on the housekeeping side. Your noncontrolling interest is essentially gone here due to the buy up in Canada. The question is, do you expect to retain full ownership going forward there, or is the plan to sell equity to a local partner?
William B. Hayes: Dan, this is Brad. We do have people who are interested in that business and think it is important to have a local partner, so too early to call how that's going to end. But definitely something that we're interested in.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And for modeling purposes -- just timing. Should we keep minority or noncontrolling interest basically the same as what we saw in Q1? Any thought there, Brad?
William B. Hayes: I just think it's all incorporated in our range of guidance and wouldn't want to guide on a specific assumption like that.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. My big picture question, Dave, is you're at 1.5x leverage basically. You've hovered around 1.5x to 2x since doing Genzyme, and basically have maintained that leverage despite a lot of cash flow with fairly consistent buyback that we've seen over the last year. So I guess the question here is how are you thinking about optimal leverage? Is 1.5x to 2x the right range? And if so, I guess, shouldn't we really expect your share count to shrink in the high single-digit percentage range going forward?
David P. King: Darren, it's Dave. So I think the optimal leverage is 1.5x to 2x. And I think when you model 1.5x to 2x leverage and you model the cash that we generate, I think it's a reasonable assumption that either we're going to continue to do acquisitions with that cash or we're going to continue to repurchase shares. Or depending on the circumstances, obviously, we could consider the initiation of a dividend or other means of returning capital to shareholders. But yes, the optimal leverage is in that 1.5x to 2x range and our deployment of the cash generated over time, as it's traditionally been, would be first toward acquisitions and second toward share repurchase, absent some change in our capital philosophy.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just as far as buyback goes, I mean, because that's where the focus has been over the last year in large part in terms of your free cash flow, is there a way to help us think about just the deployment to keep that 1.5x to 2x leverage that you're referring to?
David P. King: Well, I'll let Brad comment on this. I mean, we're not paying down debt to delever. So the delevering comes naturally as EBITDA grows. I don't know that there's a good way to think about the amount of share repurchase because we have tried to be consistent other than to say it seems to me that the amount of share repurchase that we did in this quarter is sort of what we would think about as a fairly typical amount in an environment where we're not doing a lot of acquisitions.
William B. Hayes: Yes, Darren I'll just add to that. I mean, our philosophy is unchanged, as Dave alluded to. Our first goal is to grow this business, and a lot of that growth can come from acquisition, given the market share that we have and the number of other players that are out there. And we alluded to that earlier a little bit in the industry commentary about the cuts. So that's still #1. I think when those opportunities are not present, you see us go more to share repurchase. And yes, we do have additional leverage that we could take on to be at optimal levels, but we like to reserve that right to do for opportunistic situations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I just had a question on the revenue per requisition growth in the quarter. So I'm curious, is there -- were there any moving parts there? So for example, acquisitions impacting it or sort of Genzyme-related contract changes impacting that metric this quarter?
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. I mean, there's always moving parts. The 2 probably biggest moving parts here were payer mix -- so we had, again, strong growth in the drugs of abuse testing, which is not at the average price point of the company; and then test mix, in that obviously, as we've said for some time, vitamin D has flattened, histology is under pressure. So it's a combination, I would say, of payer mix and test mix that's -- we're not getting as much of a lift as we traditionally have gotten from mix, but I'm very pleased with the revenue per requisition result in the quarter.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, I got it. And then -- I know you don't give guidance specifically to the breakdown between revenue per req and volume growth, but is there anything we should be thinking about in terms of nuances other than the comp situation as we sort of progress through 2012 on both of those metrics?
David P. King: Well, since we don't give guidance on it, it would be hard for me to give you anything to think about.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then last question, you talked about Beacon in terms of the benefit management side of it. I'm curious just if you could talk to that offering, and are you getting traction in the marketplace at this point? Or is it early to -- if you can provide some more color on that offering.
David P. King: Sure, the idea of the Beacon Lab benefit system is to essentially combine a variety of options and provide a menu that -- whether it's a managed care plan, whether it's a health system or whether it's a physician practice can select from. So it runs the range from decision support to help physicians select the right test, to decision support at the time that we provide reports to help the physicians manage the patient optimally, to credentialing of providers to be able to order tests. I mean, there's a whole range of services within the lab benefit system that can be offered, depending on the desire of the customer. I would say it's early. There certainly is very strong interest in the market, again, ranging -- spanning the range from managed care plans to health systems to large physician practice groups, for some tools that will help them select the proper test; select the highest quality and most efficient, most effective, cost-effective laboratory to perform it; and provide support for the decision-making process at the time the results are delivered so that the patient can be treated better.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First, could you give us the drugs of abuse testing growth? I don't think Steve mentioned that in his prepared remarks.
William B. Hayes: Kevin, it's 6.4%.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then Dave, just wondering what the pricing environment is like now. We've heard a lot of comments about downward pressure coming from commercial payers. Just wondering if you have anything to add about that.
David P. King: Yes, Kevin. I mean, I think we all know the government pricing environment. Frankly, I was a bit surprised by the commentary yesterday on pricing. We, since 2007, 2008 when we had the pricing reset, I think we at LabCorp feel that we have been very disciplined on pricing and we've been successful in gaining real price increases over time. Now they're not gigantic [ph] real price increases, but we never said they would be. But unit price over time has improved. And so I guess any time that you're in a negotiation, people are -- we're trying to get more price and the managed care plans certainly are not saying we want to pay you more. But one, I don't think the environment has changed. Two, I think the environment is pretty stable. And three, I hope that the commentary yesterday didn't indicate that there's going to be some dramatic price cutting on the competitor side in search of volume, because what we've seen over time is that the industry is growing, volume is growing. And for the entire industry, pricing discipline is very important and we will continue to maintain pricing discipline here at LabCorp as we've done for the last 5, 6 years.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. And then suffice to say, you guys still continue to be the low-priced provider in the industry.
David P. King: We do. And everything that we do around here in terms of innovation and efficiency is designed to maintain that position.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Understood. And then just a last follow-up on that, how are the efforts with the managed care plans going to shift volume from the high-cost setting? Is it too early to say anything, or do you have any data points you can give us?
David P. King: I think there's a renewed level of attention to it, or a greater level of attention to it. One of the comments that you do hear when you talk to people at managed care plans is that lab is really the only unmanaged area of spending. So everything else, there's preauthorization. There's radiology, mental health, hospital inpatient, emergency room. There's preauthorization or there's some kind of gatekeeping function. There is not and has not been that in lab. So that's part of what the lab benefit, the LBS, is designed to address. But it's also, even aside from the LBS, collaboration with the managed care partners to help them redirect cost to the more efficient providers. And it is going to require some lifting on their side, and I think we've seen more interest than in the past. But I think it's too early to say whether there are going to be tangible results.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. And then just one last quick one. The 1.2% -- the 2.8% volume growth, if we back out the 1.5%, is organic volume growth 1.3%? Or was there any tuck-ins in that?
David P. King: Well, there's no tuck-ins. Remember, there was Orchid. So the organic volume growth, we'd say, is approximately 1%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci with Lazard Capital Markets.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Two quick ones for you, Dave. Just first on SG&A, I think you mentioned that you were getting some of the benefit of integration sort of below the line. Can you maybe just update us on some of the details in terms of the types of things that you're embarking on now, whether it's Genzyme or where Westcliff stands, operationally, to just make sure we know what are sort of the -- what's going on, on the ground these days.?
David P. King: Yes. I mean, the big areas that you're going to see an impact from in SG&A are corporate support functions, billing, back office, bad debt expense. Exactly. Those are probably the major areas in which you would expect to see, and we are seeing, improvement in both of those that you called out, Genzyme and Westcliff.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. So I mean, I recognize there is some quarterly volatility naturally, but relatively speaking, and the types of numbers that we're seeing this quarter are relatively sustainable on the SG&A front, if not improved over time?
David P. King: Yes, I would think so, Tom.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just thinking back to your comment earlier on the Medicare front, you noted that you were surprised that as a percent of the health care spend, I guess, you're bearing a larger burden of the cost -- or the savings for the government on the SGR. Do you have any idea why you think that happened? You've got the Senate sort of inquiry, if you will. You sort of took a disproportionate share of the burden on the SGR. How do you view the environment in Washington for the labs right now?
David P. King: Well, I think the environment in Washington for health care right now is pretty tough to begin with. And I think that when we were up on the hill and asking for the rationale behind the 2% reduction, the fundamental thing that kept being raised was that MedPAC had "recommended a 10% reduction in the clinical lab fee schedule." Now if you look at the MedPAC recommendations, what they actually say is, if you had to fix the SGR over 10 years for $300 billion and it all had to come from Medicare, here are the things that would be cut. And they did say the lab fee schedule would be one of those things, and there were a whole variety of other hospital cuts. And so I think that -- and MedPAC specifically said that's not a recommendation, that's just, "If we had to do it, this is one way you could." I think that got translated -- and if you look at the conference report on the legislation, that got translated into "MedPAC recommended a 10% cut." So we're meeting with the MedPAC to try to clarify their position and clarify the position for the Hill. The other thing I would point out, not to suggest that -- I mean, we are very disappointed by the reimbursement reduction, but I think if you talk to the hospitals, they feel like they got hit pretty hard in the SGR fix. So there was a lot of pain for health care providers and it's -- we need to deal with the SGR fix as a long-term issue, not as a "every year, there is a number that we have to find to stave off reductions in the physician fee schedule," which we know are never going to happen. And so every year, we know these reductions are never going to happen and yet we make long-term changes in the law regarding reimbursement for other providers that have consequences.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And just to close out the topic, you mentioned that maybe some of the press reports on the Senate issue were a little disappointing to you all. Do you have any better insights on when we might see something wrapped up relative to that investigation, or next data points or milestones we should be watching for?
David P. King: I don't, Tom. I think -- we've tried to be very cooperative. We met with the staff, we've turned over documents. They've given us a new request for information, which involve some pricing questions. And obviously, it's sensitive because it involves our contracts with other people. And they've made those requests not only of us, but of others. And I think everybody who has received those requests is evaluating them in terms of what it's appropriate to provide. So I don't have any timeframe for when we're likely to see this resolved, or when anybody else who has received the inquiry is likely to see it resolved.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Dave, I would be interested to get your thoughts on some of the recent FTC decisions regarding some oppositions [ph] that have been proposed and kind of what you think the implications might be for the lab industry.
David P. King: You have anything in mind, Gary?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: No. Just -- I mean, the 2 big ones that people have been watching that are out there.
David P. King: Yes. I mean, I think it's hard for me to provide more commentary than the FTC provided. Obviously, they're -- as they defined the market in Medco Express, they found that the transaction was not anticompetitive. And as they looked at the market, or as they perceived the market in Omnicare PharMerica, they felt that the transaction was anticompetitive, which I guess would lead me to say that the definition of market is the critical factor in these determinations and if the market is defined broadly, transactions have an easier chance of succeeding than if the market is defined narrowly.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then question, Brad, maybe on the bad debts, it looks like you had some -- made some good progress in the quarter, although it looks like DSOs actually increased year-over-year and sequentially. So can you maybe just explain the dynamic there?
William B. Hayes: Yes. Sequentially, it's historic. We typically see about a 2-day rise between Q4 and Q1, just given the sales flow between the 2 quarters and the cash collection dynamics at the end of the year. So the sequential is sort of historical and in line. The one day year-over-year, I would say, is due to a several factors. One would be, we're having some experience from the implementation of 5010, the new electronic filing requirements, both on ourselves and the impact on our customers, on our physicians who end up paying us for laboratory services. They've had slowdowns. Another one would be, we still have -- not to the magnitude that we talked about last quarter, but a few lingering impacts of the Genzyme acquisition and conversion, but much, much smaller than the numbers we called out in the last several quarters. And last but not least, as we reduce the bad debt rate, it has some increase on DSO. But all in all, we look at our agents, we look at our allowance, we look at all of that and DSO in combination, and we're comfortable where we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you give us the contribution of Orchid and Clearstone to revenue in the quarter, and whether that would have a disproportionate impact to pricing versus volume?
David P. King: Ralph, it's Dave. I don't think it's material to either pricing or volume. Clearly, Clearstone is not, and I don't think Orchid is material to pricing or volume either. We've already given -- basically given you the volume contribution, which was about -- in the range of 30 basis points. So I don't think it's material to pricing.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And just the revenue, overall revenue for these 2 in the quarter?
William B. Hayes: Ralph, it's Brad. We said last quarter that Orchid for the year would contribute a point to overall revenue. Clearstone was immaterial to call out and we haven't done that.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess my second question, it's our understanding that Aetna recently made Genzyme Genetics out of network. Is there any way you can give us any sense of contribution there, maybe how we should think about that and your ability to sort of retain that if it does go out of network? And maybe even how we should think about sort of volume and pricing stat for the balance of the year, if you think that would have any impact if that volume shifted.
David P. King: Well, it is true that Genzyme was terminated from the Aetna contract. Just to give you some background there, post the acquisition, Aetna did extend the contract with Genzyme, which we were very pleased about. I don't think that Aetna was jumping up and down and turning cartwheels about the fact that this termination was going to occur. But I think they were contractually required to do it and they felt that, that was their contractual obligation. I think at the same time, the providers and patients, the Aetna providers and patients who use Genzyme's services, recognize the unique and differentiated value proposition. I disagree with the comment made yesterday that Genzyme doesn't offer anything that our competitor offers. I think that's just not the case. So we're going to continue to serve the Aetna patients and providers who want to use us and we hope that, that will be most of them. And we're going to continue to offer our test menu, our genetic counseling and our overall expertise in reproductive genetics and oncology, and we'll be honored and pleased if those providers and patients will continue to use us.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And any willingness to sort of give a sense of what the run rate of that -- of the Aetna contribution is?
David P. King: No.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just my last one, I want to go back to -- you talked about sort of the somewhat uncontrolled cost on the lab side within kind of the managed care realm and not a lot of sort of preauthorization or medical policy in place. Is there -- have you guys looked at or is there any way you can estimate either what percentage of your -- either overall tests and/or the esoteric or genetic or molecular tests that you'd estimate now have any preauthorization in [ph] medical policy? And then to that end, I mean, can you tell or do you think that, that has any impact on the pricing/mix figure as we go forward and more of these things are put in place?
David P. King: Now first of all, I did not say uncontrolled cost. I said unmanaged utilization. There's not utilization management. That doesn't mean that managed care is not aggressively trying to control lab costs and working to control lab costs. So what I said is there's no utilization management in place for laboratory services, and that most other services in health care do have some form of utilization management. We have a very small number of situations in which we're subject to preauthorization, for a very limited number of tests. And I think this is something that is likely to increase over time. I don't think the issue is overutilization. I think the issue is not ordering the right test for the right patient at the right time. And I think, in fact, there are some circumstances in which better decision support will lead to more utilization of things like prenatal genetic screening, where it's not being properly utilized today. So I think long-term, the likely implications for us are relatively small. The hope is that it will encourage physicians and health systems to use testing more wisely and also to be cognizant of the cost of the testing that they're ordering when they make those decisions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dane Leone with Macquarie.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Just for Dave. I guess, if you could provide a high-level outlook or change in thinking perhaps for 2012, and then where you started the year, it'd be helpful, because original guidance -- EPS guidance for the year, I guess, did not include share repurchases. You did $122 million in the quarter and, I guess, presumably did not forecast. The weather comp set, I think, added somewhere $0.04 to $0.05 in EPS. So by kind of reaffirming the guidance range, I guess, there's potentially a view from the market set that you may have become inherently more bearish on the 2012 outlook, so I guess any color you can give to that. And I guess for Brad, just a quick question on operating cash flow. It seems like for the first quarter, it's the lowest it's been since 2008 and I was just curious what the reason for that was.
William B. Hayes: So Dane, this is Brad. We'll go ahead with operating cash flow and I'll let Dave come back to the outlook. As we look at the operating cash flow for the quarter, it's entirely impacted by some working capital timing items, so we're maintaining our guidance for the year and feel like that's still appropriate guidance on the cash flow. So entirely working capital timing-related on that metric.
David P. King: So Dane, on the guidance. I mean, let me first -- this notion that somehow the weather accounts for a beat of guidance does not make any sense to me. It does affect the year-over-year comp, but our guidance doesn't assume that we're going to have terrible weather. Our guidance assumes that we're going to have good weather. And your model, I don't think, assumed that we would have $0.05 negative of weather in there. So I don't think the weather has anything to do with the beat this quarter. I think what has to do with the beat this quarter is good volume, good pricing, good discipline around expenses. I'm not any more bearish than I was at the beginning of the year. I feel exactly the same way. We have one quarter in the book. We've always said that our guidance encompasses a wide range of outcomes, and we started out with what we feel is very realistic guidance. We didn't give you low guidance and allow ourselves a lot of room. We gave you very realistic guidance, and we're well within the range of outcomes that we expect. So we'll revisit the guidance next quarter, but I feel very, very comfortable. I think the year is going to shape up just as we've talked about. There's going to be better utilization trends. It's going to be better year-over-year comps for us because the comps get easier as we go along, and looking forward to a great year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So just a quick follow-up on this pull-through whistleblower lawsuit. I'm obviously not going to ask you to comment on the merits of the overall case, because I doubt you want to do that on this call. But just procedurally, could the DOJ still potentially join the suit? And is there any deadline by which they either have to join or not join? Or should we just assume that if they haven't done it by now, they're not going to. I mean, just really any color on how to think about that would be helpful as we kind of ponder this overall case.
David P. King: Sure. I think the fact that the government has chosen not to intervene and allowed the lawsuit to be unsealed is significant because the suit was under seal for some period of time. The government, in my experience, did a thorough investigation and determined that they did want to intervene in this suit. And I believe they reached the same conclusion with regard to a related suit that had been filed against Quest. However, the government is never precluded from coming back and revisiting its decision not to intervene, so when the papers are filed, when the judge makes a ruling, the government -- up until the time the case is finally resolved, the government always has the opportunity to reconsider its position and advise the court that it would like to intervene. And obviously, we are hopeful that the government has done a thorough investigation and made a sound decision, but I can't rule out that they could change their mind.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just 2 quick clarifying questions. First, just going back to volume. When you talked about a 30 basis point contribution, you were talking about total acquired contribution, so year-over-year, the quarter's volume was 28, less 30 bips acquired, less 1.5 weather is how you got to the 1% organic number you talked about earlier. Is that right?
David P. King: Yes.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then second, for Brad. There was a question earlier about G&A levels and you had said something along the lines of considering kind of this level as the right way to think about it forward. I wasn't sure if you were talking about as a percent of revenue or on a dollar basis. Obviously you had about a $10 million step down in the fourth quarter that very nicely carried through to the first. So I guess, on a dollar basis, should we assume that, that kind of grows modestly with revenue growth, but generally at these new lower levels? Or is there anything through the year that might bounce it up?
William B. Hayes: Nothing through the year that I can think of. So I'd think of it on an absolute dollar basis before I would as a percent of sales because sales can vary. And bad debt would be the only thing I can think of that would make the absolute dollar value grow as sales change. And I would say that there are integration activities that are ongoing, that are working to further help that metric. But I'd be careful also with the overall dollars, because there can be things like payroll days that vary quarter-to-quarter. But generally speaking, I think absolute dollars ability [ph] are something that we would strive for.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Sure. We had that nice step down in the fourth quarter that was kind of maintained. I just want to make sure there's nothing material to sort of that run rate that might be not contemplated, but it sounds like the answer is no.
William B. Hayes: Nothing we can think of.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a couple of soft [ph] questions. First of all -- so obviously we know what the weather impact was on volume, but can you just provide us what the same store growth, excluding weather, was for core?
David P. King: No. We've given you the volume number. That's what we give, Ricky.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So when we back into -- based on the information that you provide, I think you get 2% core volume. Should I make the assumption that weather has more impact on one segment versus the other? Or more impact on core versus esoteric?
David P. King: No. Look, the number we gave was 2.8%. 1.5% benefiting from weather and about 30 basis points benefiting from Orchid. So that's 1% core volume growth. We also gave you the year-over-year esoteric growth. My view is weather is weather. It affects volume indiscriminately and largely equally. And so I don't think there's anything in the 1% number that can be further chopped or refined to get at a better sense of volume. And certainly, I just -- we can pick apart these numbers all day long, but the reality is the core business grew, the esoteric business grew, we feel good about both of them.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly -- I mean, I know that you said in response to a question before that you feel exactly the same as you felt before. But I actually get the sense that you feel better, because you said that you actually expect better utilization trends for the remainder of the year, which -- I think in past quarters, you said that the environment -- utilization environment, it continues to be to some degree challenging. So I actually see that the tone is more positive. So is there something that you're seeing maybe kind of like 2Q to-date or something that you see in terms of kind of like share shift that makes you more optimistic as to how volumes are progressing for the remainder of 2012?
David P. King: I obviously am not going to talk about 2Q today. Again, I feel that we have been very consistent from the fall forward that we felt that we would see better utilization in 2012. We felt that over the year, utilization would pick up and sort of return to what we hope will be a more normal environment as we get late in 2012 and into 2013, and that the comps would improve because last year we had deceleration. I feel exactly the same way. I don't feel better. I don't feel worse. I feel very confident and comfortable with the guidance range that we've given, with the performance in the quarter and with the fact that we're executing well on our priorities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Gavin Weiss - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is actually Gavin Weiss in for Lisa. Just a quick one to clarify your comments on the extra calendar day. I just want to make sure I heard you correctly. I know it's a leap year, but there's a timing around New Year's. Your revenue days are the same, correct?
David P. King: Well, the way that we analyze that, Gavin, is strength of days. And what Brad said is the strength of days was approximately the same year-over-year.
Gavin Weiss - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then on Palmetto, I know it's set to go into effect on May 1. Are you still actively fighting this?
David P. King: I think the -- we and ACLA have been working very closely with Palmetto. We feel like they made some major improvements to their program, and we're hopeful that we're going to be able to have a collaborative effort in their endeavors to do a better job pricing and paying for molecular testing and our endeavors to make sure that we get fairly paid for the valuable service we provide.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Vendetti with Maxim Group.
Brian Zimmerman: It's actually Brian in for Anthony. I guess just first, could you elaborate a little bit more on -- sorry, I think you did answer that question. So the drugs of abuse testing, you've captured share of drugs of abuse testing over the last quarter -- almost every quarter for the last couple of years now. What's driving that share capture? And are you seeing strength of drugs of abuse testing in areas -- in regional areas where you're stronger, or how is pricing in that business?
David P. King: Pricing in the business is quite stable. Obviously, as we've said many times, it's below our average price point per requisition. I think we've done a good job in drugs of abuse testing. Again, all of the underlying investments we've made in improving the quality of service at our patient service centers, all the investments we've made in the touch system and AccuDraw and all the things that we're doing have led to, in my view, better and more consistent levels of service facing the patient, and that's what drugs of abuse testing is all about. So I think it's -- the drugs of abuse testing gains great -- it gains great leverage and synergy from the core business -- from the patient service centers, from the transportation, the couriers. And I think all the investments we've made to improve service are why we're seeing positive results there.
Brian Zimmerman: All right. And then also, can you quantify or somehow frame the margin impact from the European operations of Clearstone, and sort of what's the timeframe of the integration of those ops, so when we'll start to see that margin improvement?
David P. King: I don't think we want to get into that level of detail about that business.
Brian Zimmerman: Okay. Not even on the timeframe of the integration?
David P. King: Not even on the timeframe of the integration.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just had one question to ask on a long-term picture for cash deployment. If you look at consensus estimates, it does appear the Street is more or less assuming that you sit on the majority of the cash that you're going to generate. So based on what you said in your previous commentary here, my question is, if you guys don't find compelling acquisition opportunities, would it be conceivable that you would deploy all of your free cash to share repurchase or dividends, particularly if the volume environment remains tepid beyond this year?
David P. King: Well, yes, it's conceivable. I don't think it's likely, because I think there will be attractive acquisitions, but if there are not attractive acquisitions to make, we're certainly not going to sit on the cash and let it build.  We're right at an hour, so we're going to try and be done here in the next 5 minutes if we can.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Art Henderson with Jefferies & Company.
Arthur I. Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Dave, can you remind us just what contracts are up for renewal this year on the managed care side, if you have any big national ones, and how the outlook is there?
David P. King: The only contract that's up for renewal this year on the national level is Humana, and we're engaged in discussions with them and feel quite comfortable about where we are. So that's it for managed care in 2012 -- major national managed care.
Arthur I. Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And what's the outlook in 2013 on that?
David P. King: We have some renewals coming up in 2013 and again obviously, it's very early in discussions and again, feel good that we'll be in a good position to tell you more as things progress.
Arthur I. Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And Dave, did the Horizon BlueCross BlueShield, did that contract get resolved or is that still ongoing as well?
David P. King: Yes, we did renew that contract over a multi-year period on the same terms and conditions that were previously in place.
Arthur I. Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then earlier, you were talking about the HPV assay. Is that a new DNA test? Is that -- refresh my memory on that.
David P. King: What's happened is that other competitors have entered the market and normally, Art, we don't offer multiple versions of testing for the same analite. [ph] But in this case, because of Roche being in the market and some other competitors having entered the market, we're offering multiple options for the physicians to choose the HPV assay that they would like.
Arthur I. Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I see. Okay. And then last question for Brad, the DSO, I know you talked about it ticking up. Does it go back to the levels that we saw in the previous quarters?
William B. Hayes: I think so, yes.
David P. King: Well, thank you very much for listening. I want to make one additional comment. As you know, at the end of April, Dr. Mohapatra will be retiring from Quest and I wanted to say that although a competitor, Surya has been a strong collaborator in our activities at ACLA and for the broader industry, and he's been a strong advocate for diagnostics and for our industry. So we certainly -- we'll miss Surya and wish him well in his future endeavors and we wish you all a good day. Thank you all for listening.
David P. King: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Good day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David P. King - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Stephen Anderson -  William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Adam T. Feinstein - Barclays Capital, Research Division Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Alexander Y. Draper - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Dane Leone - Macquarie Research Ashim Anand - Natixis Bleichroeder LLC, Research Division Anthony V. Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jeff, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. David King, Chairman and CEO of LabCorp. And you have the floor, sir.
David P. King: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President of Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2011 financial results, provide 2012 guidance, update you on our Genzyme Genetics integration, highlight our progress on our 5-pillar strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin
Stephen Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information.  This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our website for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS excluding amortization, free cash flow and adjusted operating income.  I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results, the implementation of our business strategy and the ongoing benefits of the Genzyme Genetics and other acquisitions. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect the company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2010 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change.  Now, Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I will review 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. I'll also review our 2012 guidance.  First, cash flow. Our cash flow remains strong. Excluding the Hunter Lab settlement of $49.5 million, free cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2011, was $759.4 million. Cash flow has been negatively impacted by approximately $17 million, due to delays in the Genzyme Genetics enrollment process, which we expected and have previously discussed. The impact from these delays has improved by $11 million since the third quarter of 2011, and we expect to continue to make progress in resolving these issues. We remain pleased with our cash collections. DSO was 46 days at the end of December, unchanged year-over-year and sequentially. Our bad debt remained 4.5%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 5.5% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 4.8% of this growth. During the quarter, revenue per requisition increased 4.2% year-over-year. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 4.1% of the growth in revenue per requisition. Total company volume increased 1.2% year-over-year during the fourth quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 0.6% of this volume growth. Esoteric volume increased approximately 3.5% in the quarter.  Third, margin. For the fourth quarter our adjusted operating income margin was 18.9% compared to 19.5% in the fourth quarter of 2010. Year-over-year margin decline was due entirely to recent acquisitions that we have not fully integrated. Excluding these acquisitions, margins would have remained stable year-over-year. Margins will improve as we integrate these businesses and our guidance for next year implies margin expansion. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well-capitalized. At the end of December, we had cash of $159.3 million and approximately $400 million available under our revolving line of credit. During the fourth quarter, we replaced existing credit facilities with a new $1 billion revolver. We borrowed $560 million under the new facility and repaid all amounts outstanding under our previous term loan and revolving credit facility. In addition to the cash generated by operations, we believe the new $1 billion revolver will provide us with ready liquidity to carry out strategic initiatives. At the end December, total debt was $2.2 billion. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased $172.1 million of stock, representing 2.1 million shares. At the end of December, $84.4 million of repurchase authorization remained under our previously approved share repurchase program. This morning, we announced that LabCorp's Board of Directors authorized a new $500 million share repurchase program. This authorization reflects our continued commitment to return capital to and create value for our shareholders. This morning, we also announced our 2012 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 2% to 3.5%; adjusted EPS excluding amortization in the range of $6.75 to $7.05, excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after December 31, 2011; operating cash flow of approximately $950 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $155 million.  I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Brad. We are very pleased with our fourth quarter and 2011 results. Before discussing progress on our 5-pillar strategy, I would like to update you on Genzyme Genetics. The integration of Genzyme Genetics continues to go extremely well, and we are very pleased with our retention of Genzyme's clients, as well as our realization of cost savings. The continuing success of the integration will remain a top priority for us throughout 2012, and we remain confident that Genzyme Genetics will be slightly accretive to earnings this year. In January 2012, as our right to use the Genzyme Genetics name ended, we began rebranding Genzyme Genetics as part of a broader rebranding of LabCorp's specialty testing capabilities to create a consistent market-facing structure. To this end, we adopted the name Integrated Genetics for the reproductive portion of Genzyme's business and LabCorp's Legacy Genetics business. We adopted the name Integrated Oncology for Genzyme's Oncology business and LabCorp's Legacy Oncology businesses. This rebranding effort is an important company-wide initiative that will further the second pillar of our strategy, and that it will simplify and enhance the physician experience in dealing with LabCorp's many specialty businesses and assets. Response to the branding has been positive, and we look forward to continuing to streamline and focus our brands. Now I'd like to update you on the progress on each aspect of our 5-pillar strategy. The first pillar of our strategy is that we deploy our cash to enhance our footprint and test menu through acquisitions and to repurchase shares. In December, we closed our acquisition of Orchid Cellmark, an international provider of DNA testing services primarily for forensic and family relationship applications. This acquisition strengthens LabCorp's capabilities in forensics and identity testing and establishes our presence in the United Kingdom. With respect to the U.S. portion of Orchid's business, we are pleased to add to our strong forensics and private paternity business. As we disclosed, we were required to divest certain assets of the government paternity business upon closing the transaction. With respect to the U.K. portion of Orchid's business known as Cellmark, we are pleased to expand our Forensics business to a new market. As many of you know, the U.K. government has decided to close its forensic crime testing operations. Thus, Cellmark has a solid market opportunity in the U.K. and will also enable us to evaluate the opportunity to extend our forensics business into Europe. The integration of Orchid is going well and we expect the transaction to be slightly accretive to our 2012 earnings. We welcome the talented employees of Orchid both here and abroad to our LabCorp family. Finally, we repurchased approximately $644 million of our shares in 2011. The second pillar of our strategy is to enhance our IT capabilities to improve the physician and patient experience. Last year, we introduced Beacon Order Entry nationally, which allows our customers to place electronic orders for almost all LabCorp brands and services. With the previously released Beacon results delivery capability, customers can now place orders and receive results through a simple, customer-friendly portal. We have seen strong growth in adoption of Beacon in 2011, making it our fastest-growing external software offering ever. With Apple and Android versions, we have also brought Beacon capabilities to our growing mobile user base. Additionally, we completed development of the Beacon patient portal. The portal is a secure and easy-to-use online solution that enables patients to receive and share lab results, make appointments, pay bills, set up automatic alerts and notifications and manage health information for the entire family. We currently have an active pilot program, and we plan to launch the portal nationwide later this year. We continue to improve our electronic medical record connectivity. LabCorp connects to more than 500 EMRs working closely with leading EMR partners to streamline connectivity and enhance lab workflow, assisting clients in seamlessly integrating lab services into their EMR solutions. We added over 6,000 new client EMR interfaces in 2011. We continue to pursue our differentiated open platform strategy, allowing our customers to connect to LabCorp directly or via their EMR of choice. We made a conscious decision to pursue this open platform approach because it is what our customers want. Going forward, we will continue to enhance our Beacon platform by providing more and better patient and physician-facing IT solutions. The third pillar of our strategy is to continue to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services. In the fourth quarter, we continued our Touch AccuDraw system implementation to an additional 76 sites. The system is now deployed in more than 1,100 sites across the country and is processing over 1 million accessions per month. We continue to enhance the system that allows our phlebotomists, a critical link in our sample flow, to improve accuracy, workflow and processing time to enhance the patient experience in our patient service centers. In December, we opened a 110,000-square-foot expansion to our Burlington lab campus. This state-of-the-art facility will provide an improved work environment for our employees and will allow us to consolidate satellite locations and enhance specimen flow. Additionally, it provides significant capacity for future growth. The fourth pillar of our strategy is to continue scientific innovation at reasonable and appropriate pricing. We introduced 104 new tests in 2011. I would highlight 2 key companion diagnostics that we brought to market in the fourth quarter because they demonstrate our continued leadership in personalized medicine. The first was a new FDA-approved companion diagnostic for use in patients with advanced ALK positive non-small cell lung cancer. The Vysis ALK Break Apart FISH Probe test detects all ALK gene rearrangements and is the only available diagnostic assay that has been clinically validated to predict response to the targeted therapy XALKORI.  The second is an FDA-approved diagnostic for melanoma patients who have inoperable or metastatic melanoma. The test determines the presence of the BRAF V600E gene mutation within the tumor sample and identifies patients eligible for treatment with Zelboraf. Last month, we added to our ovarian cancer management tools with a new FDA-cleared assay ,ROMA or Risk of Ovarian Malignancy Algorithm. This is a risk stratification tool that combines the results for HE4, ARCHITECT CA 125 and menopausal status into a numerical score, that along with clinical and radiological evaluation, can aid in evaluating whether a woman over the age of 18, who presents with an ovarian mass and for whom surgery is planned, is at a high or low likelihood of having a malignancy. ROMA provides equal sensitivity to other commercially available risk stratification tools with improved specificity for determining the risk level of malignancy. LabCorp continues to be a leader in the field of chromosomal microarray analysis. In addition to our pediatric, prenatal and conception test offerings, we recently added oncology applications. The LabCorp SNP microarray has been shown to be superior to traditional technologies for the detection of genetic alterations, having greatly improved the copy number resolution and the capacity to detect clinically significant gene conversion associated with pediatric syndromes and clonal evaluation in cancer. The fifth pillar of our strategy is to develop alternative delivery models. The Director of the CBO recently pointed out that the results of recent Medicare demonstration projects on disease management and value-based payment, "suggest that substantial payment -- substantial changes to payment and delivery systems will probably be necessary for such programs to significantly reduce spending and either maintain or improve the quality of care provided to patients." We are preparing ourselves for these changes. We continue to discuss alternative models with physicians and our managed care partners, so that we will be well positioned in the future. As we mentioned last quarter, the recent extension of the UnitedHealthcare contract was an important step in our fifth pillar, as we will continue to be the sole national laboratory for UnitedHealthcare through the end of 2018. Over the next 7 years, both organizations will continue to make investments to help reduce health care costs and improve patient care. In summary, we are very pleased with our fourth quarter and full year performance and the progress we have achieved on our strategic initiatives. Although current macroeconomic conditions cause our outlook for volume growth in 2012 to remain muted, we believe that the long-term outlook for our industry is excellent and that over time, volume growth will return to historical levels.  Now, Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions
Stephen Anderson: Thank you, Dave.  Can you describe the potential impact for Medicare reform? As we all know, the Super Committee failed to reach agreement on a $1.5 trillion deficit reduction plan over 10 years. Absent any Congressional activity, mandatory sequestration, including a 2% reduction in the Medicare fee schedule, will be implemented effective January 1, 2013. Congress must also address scheduled reductions to the Medicare physician fee schedule sustainable growth rate by March of this year. There are numerous proposals circulating to address these issues. It is too early for us to predict the impact of any potential reforms. We believe that across-the-board reductions to reimbursement, cost-sharing proposals and arbitrary exclusion of services are bad policy. Such proposals will increase administrative costs to providers, deter patients from seeking early and appropriate care and ultimately increase the cost of health care. We are working closely with the American Clinical Laboratory Association and members of Congress to explain our position on these matters, and will continue to press for responsible reforms and appropriate reimbursement for our services. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? In the fourth quarter, approximately 40% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. As we reiterated last quarter, our new goal is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 45% of our revenue within the next 3 to 5 years. Can you remind us of how drugs of abuse volume trended during the year? In the fourth quarter, our drugs of abuse volume increased approximately 10% year-over-year. That compares to a year-over-year increase of 9% in Q3 of 2011; 8% in Q2 of 2011; 14% in Q1 of 2011; and 12% in Q4 of 2010.  Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave
David P. King: Thank you, Steve. Thank you very much for listening. Before we take questions, I would like to note that we now have 25 analysts covering our company. So that we may do our best to accommodate everyone, please make your questions brief and to the point, and we will endeavor to answer them in the same fashion. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein with Barclays Capital.
Adam T. Feinstein - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So I guess, just maybe a question would just be, as you think about 2012, and you talked about the 5 pillars. But how are you thinking about 2012 relative to last year? What are the big themes? I mean, clearly, you guys are always just see yourself as an operating company and doing the blocking and tackling and following the same strategy. But just curious as your messaging around 2012 and what are you thinking about just kind of big picture for LabCorp and the industry?
David P. King: Adam, it's Dave. The beginning of your question cut off a little bit. So I'm just going to -- I think what you asked is kind of high-level themes for 2012 and beyond?
Adam T. Feinstein - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes.
David P. King: Okay. So again, I would repeat that first message is we think that the volume outlook is muted for 2012 because of broad macroeconomic conditions, but still the long-term outlook is excellent. And over time, we believe that we'll return to the historical volume growth rates that we've seen in the industry. So that, probably one high-level theme. Second the importance of continuing the Genzyme Genetics integration, and I would say that has 2 components. The first is growing that business. So we spent a lot of effort this year protecting the client base, making sure that the levels of service remained at expectations, particularly placing value on the genetic counselor network and the importance of that to the clients and to the business. So growing Genzyme Genetics is a very important priority for all the reasons that we've articulated: the genetics franchise, the oncology franchise, the importance of reproductive and oncology testing to our business model of the future. On the other side of that, of course, is continuing to rationalize the cost structure in that business, which will allow us to, as we've said, make it slightly accretive in 2012 and then as we move through 2013 and beyond, get it to company margins and really start to see the earnings power of that business. So both growth and cost rationalization there are going to be extremely important. Third, I would say, is continuing to develop and enhance the focus on our specialty businesses. So we haven't talked a lot about this, but underneath all of the Genzyme acquisition and the rebranding is a, I would say, some changes to the structure of the way that we go to market with our specialty businesses and the way that we message the market, the way we interact with physicians. And think all of those things, the growth in the future, the core business is very important and fundamental to what we do. But growth in the future is increasingly going to come from specialty and esoteric testing. And so, I think, continuing to enhance our market-facing capabilities there is going to be very important in 2012. And then the fourth thing is allocation of capital. So we continue to look for attractive acquisitions, we continue to buy shares, we continue to consider all other aspects of capital allocation. And I think those are -- that's going to be an important priority. And then I would say, last of all, I think that we're going to start to see an acceleration of payers looking at different kinds of models. And so, I think, continuing to invest resources in and collaborate with payers on what other ways are lab services of this care generally going to be delivered will be an important priority for us in 2012. And congruent with that, continuing to improve our own internal efficiencies, so that we can be best positioned in the marketplace. So I know that was a lot, and I failed in responding to your question in a brief and concise fashion, but I hope it was helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello with RBC Capital Markets.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So my question has to do with pricing and mix. It looks like excluding Genzyme, revenue per requisition was essentially flat. I don't think I recall that ever happening in the past, even in 2007 after the big United contract implementation. Can you give us some color on what's happening on that front? Are you seeing less mix shift? Are you losing some of the esoteric testing? Is price coming down? How should we be thinking about that? And then I have one quick follow-up to that.
William B. Hayes: Bill, this is Brad, and I think about that metric from 3 different ways. First of all, year-over-year growth is important, but we also look at what those revenue per requisitions are doing sequentially. And they were sequentially up in Q4 compared to Q3. And especially, across payers, across testing, managed care was up sequentially. And so that's the first thing we do when we're looking at that is say, what happens sequentially? Second, on a year-over-year basis we took 2 looks, one was by payer and the other was by test to your specific point. By payer, our client category is experiencing the fastest volume growth, and our client category has the lowest revenue per requisition. An example of a business that's growing in our client category that Steve Anderson mentioned is our Drugs of Abuse Testing business. So as we see volume growth accelerate above the average in those businesses, it's putting some pressure on the overall price metric. The second is in our patient, in our uninsured population. That volume is our highest priced in terms of revenue per requisition. That volume year-to-date in 2011 was 6.5% lower than 2010. And in the fourth quarter, 8.7% lower than 2010 in the fourth quarter. So we're seeing some acceleration of low-paying or lower-price-point payer categories, and also some deceleration in higher price point categories. On the test mix side, we're also seeing the flattening of Vitamin D and also flattening in our Histology business. So that is also putting pressure on the overall metric.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's extremely helpful. And then just as a follow-up to that, can you kind of help us feel confident then in your ability to reach the 2% to 3.5% revenue growth in 2012? I mean, all in, I think you were less than 1% this quarter. I know you were facing extremely hard comps on the volume side, but just kind of tell us what gives you confidence, how we should think about that?
David P. King: Yes, Bill, it's Dave. So first of all, not to be overlooked, I mean, we're going to get about 1 percentage point of growth from Orchid, the full year impact. So that gets us a reasonable head start toward the number that we put out there. We did have a very difficult volume comp in 4Q of this year versus 4Q of last year. As we went and looked back at 4Q of last year, it was the single largest organic growth quarter in at least the prior 8 quarters. So we're just going up against a tough comp here, which makes the volume growth look less than it was. And I think with what we're hearing in the commentary from the payer community, from WellPoint on their call, from United on their call, they are expecting utilization improvement, particularly in the second half of 2012. So we feel pretty good that all those things in combination will comfortably get us into the revenue guidance range that we've given you. And obviously if -- again, as I've said, we have a pretty muted expectation in terms of volume for 2012. But if volume is better, it gives us additional opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dave and Brad, just can you give us a quick update on the attack plan for Orchid in terms of how the consolidation will proceed? And maybe an update on the U.K., is that FSS business getting any closer to you? And then just quickly for Brad, the $0.51 hit from amortization expense in 2011, do you have a guess what that would be for 2012?
David P. King: It's Dave, and I'll start with the Orchid question. So as we said, we divested the state government paternity business or we're in the process of divesting it as part of the resolution of the FTC inquiry. With respect to the private business, I think our current plan is that most of that -- most of our existing forensics business will actually move into the existing Orchid facilities. So what we're doing at our Center for Molecular Biology and Pathology, I think, we'll be moving toward their facilities. And there'll be some -- I'm sure there'll be some rationalization but I think, generally, the businesses are very complementary and give us a nice growth opportunity in private paternity. In terms of the U.K. business, my understanding is that most of the tenders have been resolved and have essentially a 2-year time frame. So there is some -- there are still, I believe, a couple that are waiting to be decided. There's a nice market opportunity as those come up. We've been successful in winning those tenders. The government has closed their private -- sorry, their government forensics lab. So there's basically -- it's basically open to private competition. So we do see some growth opportunity there as the tenders are decided and then as they come up for rebid. And then also, the potential of looking at being able to expand the forensics business outside the U.K. into Europe. No firm plans there, but a good beachhead in the U.K. as we consider that expansion opportunity. And now I'll turn it over to Brad on the amortization.
William B. Hayes: And, Bob, on the amortization, it looks to be roughly the same.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Maybe just to follow-up on some of your pricing comments. You had made comments regarding the transition of some of the Genzyme contracts onto some of the legacy LabCorp contracts, and at some point, that would put pressure on the pricing. Did you see some of that in the fourth quarter, and if so how much was in there?
William B. Hayes: Gary, this is Brad. We have -- we did not see any change in the fourth quarter compared to what we had been experiencing throughout 2011.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So how far along in that process are you? And how much additional pricing pressure, if any, would you expect to see from that transition?
William B. Hayes: We're pretty well along, given that we're over a year now from the actual acquisition, so we're pretty far along in that process. There still are some transitions that are scheduled to occur in 2012. But it's definitely baked into our guidance and our thinking for 2012.
David P. King: Gary, it's David. We'll, obviously, reflect in the price metric. As you look at 2012 on a year-over-year comparison because to the extent that we have further adjustments into our contract levels, that'll show up as "negative price."
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But it sound like there's not that much more of that, is that what I'm hearing?
William B. Hayes: I think that's fair to say.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then can you just give us an update on where you are on the Horizon contract?
David P. King: We don't really have an update on the Horizon contract. We continue to discuss a longer-term extension with Horizon, but no final resolution.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I actually had a follow-up on the volume questions that have been asked. I'm curious if you look at the underlying business, what are you guys seeing in terms of seasonality? So typically Q4 was the worst given holiday seasons. But I'm curious if the whole deductible factor has meaningfully changed that pattern over the past couple of years.
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. I think that it does have an impact. I mean, obviously, we're dealing with pretty sizable volumes. So it's hard to point to particular facts and figures. But I think it does have an impact. I think if you look at the historic trends for 4Q, and you look at what's happened the last 3 years really, you do see more -- you don't see a pickup, but you see more stability between 3Q and 4Q than we've seen in the past. So I think it has some impact. It'd be hard to quantify.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: We should just expect a similar progression through 2012 as we saw last year, basically.
David P. King: Yes. I would agree with that.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then just a question on Genzyme, so you talked to the branding. I'm curious how meaningful is the Genzyme brand to the business? So it is something that could impact the underlying Genzyme attrition rate, which seems to have done better but just curious about 2012.
David P. King: I think the Genzyme Genetics brand is a valuable brand, make no mistake. Pursuant to the asset purchase agreement, we had a certain time in which we were allowed to use the brand and then the name Genzyme now belongs to somebody else. So the name that we adopted, Integrated Genetics, is actually a legacy brand that was part of Genzyme Genetics and that Genzyme Genetics acquired. So it's familiar to the customers, it's something that they know. There's strong brand recognition within the Genzyme Genetics Reproductive business. So I actually think that the Genzyme organization has welcomed the brand, in that it really completes the separation from Genzyme and is now part of the LabCorp family. And Integrated Oncology just seemed like a good, consistent market-facing brand to adopt once we went with the Integrated Genetics brand. So I think that -- don't mean to, in any way, underestimate the value of the Genzyme Genetics brand, but I think we've made a very smooth transition here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: In the past, I think you've talked about sort of needing 4% top line to sort of have leverage to increase margins. So I guess, maybe help us understand where the cost savings is being generated in 2012 to sort of allow you to expand the margins at a fairly decent clip, despite some of the lower top line expectations.
David P. King: I think the place where the cost savings are coming are within the Genzyme business, within Orchid, within the remnants of Westcliff and DCL. So the integration of the acquisitions is a key line of cost savings, as well as Clearstone, the Clearstone acquisition in clinical trials. And then the continuation of all of the efficiency programs that we have been working on; so lab automation, patient service center automation, improvements in the throughput of instrumentation. Those are probably the 2 big categories of cost improvement.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And so it's largely all sort of SG&A related if we think about sort of the model on where we would see the greatest opportunity?
David P. King: You'll see some in SG&A, but I think you'll also see some in the gross profit line because that's where the efficiency programs and facility rationalizations and those types of activities will show up.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just my follow-up, any -- remind us again the large contracts that are coming up for renewal in 2012 aside from Horizon that you already talked about.
David P. King: I don't think we have anything sizable in 2012. We go out to 2013 with Cigna and WellPoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So my question is really just about volume. I guess, I hear you, you're not making any call on the economy or any real big improvement for 2012. So we get that part of the guidance. I guess, what I want to just focus on is the deceleration that we did see throughout 2012. And I'd be curious just to get your comments on where you saw the weakness, whether you think there's anything new competitively that's emerged in your markets that's led to some of this organic weakness in recent quarters, or you just chalk it up to a tough comp. Maybe just some framework for thinking about the trend.
William B. Hayes: Yes, Darren, it's Brad. I would say that definitely you touched on something that we've said earlier and want to continue to stress is the tough comp, especially in Q4. I think looking back across the year, the deceleration, I would say, was around in the summer months. And then we saw a stability in the fourth quarter compared to that deceleration, at least in terms of absolute levels of volumes, setting aside the year-over-year comp. Again, back to the tough comp for Q4. So that's the way we think about what happened in 2011. And again, 2012 will be up to the macro environment, as well as what things that we can do internally to offset and outpace that.
David P. King: Yes. Darren, it's Dave. Just to add to that, I mean, again, when we came out of 2011, Q4 was very strong and Q1 of 2012 also started out strong. Then as everybody knows, we saw a deterioration in the macro environment. We saw, I mean, for those who have forgotten, we saw real complete political gridlock for months over Medicare, over the SGR fix, over the debt ceiling. And all of those things, I think, played into the macro environment, which in turn played into people's confidence in going out and spending discretionary dollars on health care. So Q3 was the low point. I think Q4 was a strong volume quarter for us, given the comp and we feel that, that is sustainable going forward. But we're waiting on the economy to improve for us to feel like we can be more confident in our expectations about volume.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And if I could, just to clarify in revenue guidance for '12. Have you contemplated any kind of impact from molecular diagnostic coding changes? Any just comments there would be helpful.
David P. King: No, we have not. Our understanding on the coding changes is that in terms of Medicare, the coding changes are -- whatever they turn out to be, are not going to be implemented in 2012. And the earliest of those will be implemented is 2013. And I think in terms of the private payer community, our sense is that, although they may implement some of the coding, it doesn't lead to structural pricing changes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci with Lazard Capital Management.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I guess, maybe sort of following on one of Darren's questions there. As we think about '12 then, I know you don't give quarterly guidance, but just maybe from a high level. It seems like a fair amount of the earnings growth is sort of coming from the ramp up of acquisitions or synergies related to the acquisitions and inverse to '11, this seemed like that the volume comps get a little easier as the year goes on. So can you give us any sort of high-level thoughts about first half versus second half? Or stronger- and weaker-type quarters given those dynamics?
David P. King: No. I mean, so we don't give quarterly guidance. I don't think it would be reasonable to try to give you anything more than at a very high level. Yes, the comps will get easier in the third and fourth quarters, so that will help volume. The integration synergies from Clearstone and Orchid, there'll be more, probably at the beginning of the year but Genzyme will be relatively stable throughout the year. So I think the earnings pattern is likely to follow the historical pattern, is really about what we can say there.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, good. That's helpful. And then one follow-up on sort of the competitive environment and pure pricing, was curious what your perspective is there. And also, Dave, was wondering if you could follow up on a comment that you made earlier in '12, maybe seeing payers toy with some new types of payer-type models. Wondering what type of things you may be thinking about.
David P. King: Sure. I think in terms of the competitive environment generally, it's what it's always been, which is it's quite tough. And that's the nature of our industry. It's a very competitive industry, there a lot of players. So there's competition on -- for volume, there's competition on service levels, there's competition on price and there's competition from our customers as we know in Histology with the in-sourcing. And I don't think we see that changing much. In terms of the alternative models, Tom, I mean, I guess what I would say is, if you look at, just even within the last week or 2, WellPoint is talking about paying physicians in different ways. United came out with a pretty comprehensive announcement that they were going to look at whole different methodologies to start paying physicians and they called it transforming the way they pay their provider network in their statement. So if we think that physicians are the only ones who are going to be affected by this, I think we're helping ourselves to a healthy dose of rose-colored glasses. There's clearly going to be different ways in which lab services are going to be paid for, whether it's bundled payments, whether it's payments based on quality of services delivered, whether it's narrowing of networks. I think all of those things are going to come into play. And I think we're very well positioned to participate in that. And I think in the long term, it will be a benefit to LabCorp. But I don't think we should underestimate the fact that the payment models are going to be changing.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. Can I sneak one more in? What was the ultimate Genzyme dilution for '11?
David P. King: Yes. We're not going to talk about that. We gave you the guidance, and I think that's what we're going to stand on. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a couple questions. First, I've been listening, I don't think you've kind of parsed this out. But for 2012, I heard your comments on expectations for margin improvement from improved integration of the acquired assets. Is the implied organic revenue growth that you're anticipating, is that at a level that's going to allow you to maintain organic margins? Or would you expect improvement? Would you expect them down slightly? Do you have a general view around that?
William B. Hayes: Gary, this is Brad. I think without the help of some of the efficiency programs that we've talked about before, organic volume at the low end would make it challenging on margins. But again, we have the help of the acquisition integrations in 2012. And as Dave has said several times on the call, we expect growth to accelerate from where we're seeing growth now. So I think looking out into the future, there are margin expansion opportunities for us.
David P. King: Yes. And I just -- I think we stand by that it takes in the range of 4% top line growth to generate real organic margin expansion. And so, if we're not -- so we're going to get margin expansion next year from what we're doing with the acquisitions and from the efficiencies, and we've always got to be making our business more efficient. That's just fundamental. But as, in our perspective, as volume improves over time, we'll see a return to organic margin expansion.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Yes, I appreciate that. I just wanted to drill into '12 specifically, a little more detail. My last question, and I apologize, I'm not exactly sure how to ask this. But I was reading about a new initiative that the company has to create kind of esoteric test benefit managers, so to speak, and kind of build a network of other esoteric labs and present this management potentially in a capitated model to payers. And I've forgotten the name of that venture. But is that something that you're willing to talk a little bit about at this point, or is it too early?
David P. King: At a high level, what -- we-call it Beacon LBS. And at a high level, Beacon LBS is a multifaceted offering for both physicians and health plans that has a very simple goal. And the simple goal is to get patients the right tests from the highest quality laboratories at the most effective cost. So there is an option to have narrower lab networks for some esoteric services. There is an option to have physician-decision support in test selection and in guiding care pathways. But the goal is to -- and there's a lot of these models out there, as you know, being offered by others who are not labs and therefore, don't have the expertise to provide these services. But the goal is, again, right test for the right patient from the highest quality laboratory network, at the most effective cost. And this is something that, again, is part of how are we going to look at payment for lab services and how lab services are provided over time. And we think it's very important that we not only participate but lead in initiatives in this area.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sandy Draper with Raymond James.
Alexander Y. Draper - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked and answered, so I appreciate it. Maybe one follow-up on Genzyme. I appreciate you not specifically calling out where the dilution came in, in 2011. So you may not be willing to give a target accretion for '12. But if you're not going to do that, maybe one of the things you're talking about is the incremental growth or benefit in '13. Maybe just remind me of some of the things of why you think '13, you actually see more of a step-up in terms of the accretion and the growth there as opposed to '12?
David P. King: Yes. So we're not going to give target accretion numbers for any of the businesses because, as we've always said, the guidance -- we'll give you a range of guidance because there's a range of outcomes within the guidance. And the minute we start giving individual targets, then we start breaking the guidance down into pennies and nickels and frankly, with a company that's talking about earnings power of $7 a share, it just doesn't make sense to go through it and try to tell you penny by penny, how we get to where we get. So what I would say about Genzyme is that it'll be slightly accretive next year as we've said. I think in 2013, one, we'll realize the full impact of the synergies, which will significantly help in terms of the margin; two, a lot of the investments that we've been making in the IT, for example, when we acquired Genzyme, there was no electronic order and result delivery capability in that business. They just didn't have it. If you think about it, they've done a terrific job growing the business without one of the most fundamental basics, which is allowing physicians to order electronically and get their results delivered electronically. So the investments in the business, the investments in the sales force, the investments in the branding and all of the things that, that will allow physicians to do in terms of ordering other specialty test in the LabCorp core menu from a single order entry and result delivery portal, all these things, I think, are going to lead to strong top line growth as we get through 2012 and 2013, and the improvement on the expense side will lead to real earnings power as we get in the out-years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just had a follow-up question around Genzyme. Am I looking at the numbers correctly? I'm just trying to understand what the organic growth and recs were for Genzyme in the fourth quarter? Either Brad or Dave, could you help us to understand that? And then my second question, Dave, would just be, do you have any update at all around the Congressional hearings or Congressional inquiry that you've submitted documents to in December?
William B. Hayes: Lisa, this is Brad. I'll start with the organic growth rate. So we reported volume up 1.2%, with Genzyme attributing 0.6% of that. So if we go to that organic number, it's 0.6%.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And so that's organic. Because last year in the fourth quarter, didn't you have some level of Genzyme in the fourth quarter as well?
William B. Hayes: We did. So it's apples-to-apples. So when we backed it out of the fourth quarter last year, even backing out Genzyme, we were at 3.2%.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. But when we look at our numbers, it looks like that has slowed and has slowed sequentially, is that the right way to look at it? And if that's the case, is there something behind that slowing growth rate?
David P. King: I think we got 2 things confused here. We don't break out the Genzyme volume specifically. So I don't know if you're trying to back into that from the numbers that we've given you for Genzyme's contribution to our overall volume growth, but....
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. That is what we're trying to do. And you're saying that it's not possible to do that based on the information you give us?
David P. King: Well, I'm just saying, remember that in the fourth quarter of 2012, we had 3 months of Genzyme, and in the fourth quarter of 2011 we had 1 month of Genzyme. So you're not -- you don't have a...
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Apples to apples.
David P. King: Exact comparison, and that's probably why you're seeing something that we're not seeing.
Lisa C. Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. All right, that's helpful. And then, Dave, do you have any update on -- have you heard anything further from this Congressional inquiry?
David P. King: All I would say on that is that, we continue to believe that this is based on the allegations of the Q10 that was filed, the NPT case. We are working cooperatively with the Senate Finance Committee staff to respond to their questions. And obviously, we'll update you as matters progress.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Dave, just thinking about what Palmetto's going to do with the McKesson's Z-code. I'm just curious what your take is on the whole matter and how big of a deal you think this is for LabCorp, and how prepared you are for the changes?
David P. King: Well, so first of all, let me reiterate that we are strong supporters of transparency in billing and coding and always have been. So I think anything that creates better transparency for payers in billing and coding is a good thing. I think, Kevin, that Palmetto is in the process of reevaluating their program. My understanding is they've delayed the implementation date of the program until May, and they're looking at some other options for how they would evaluate these tests. And so, we're working with them to try to devise a -- and ACLA, by the way, it's not LabCorp alone. LabCorp, ACLA, all of the ACLA members, the CCLA too are working with them to try to devise a system that is going to be fair, that's going to respond in a reasonable time frame to requests for coding for new molecular testing that's going to lead to fair payment with transparency on their side of what they're paying for.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: No, I appreciate that. And, I guess, the bigger question is, why would they add another level of complexity? I understand the transparency issue. But obviously, you've got a lot of moving parts now. And how much exposure do you guys have? Have you applied for any of the Z-codes yet?
David P. King: I don't think it would behoove us to talk specifically about the actions that we've taken. I will say, I think our exposure is -- remember, this applies so far just to the California region, where they are the Medicare carrier. Our exposure is relatively limited both because of the number of tests and because of the region. But we're trying to work with Palmetto in a collaborative way to do something that's fair and equitable for all of the labs and allows the labs to get coding and reimbursement that's satisfactory to Palmetto and satisfactory to the labs and fair payments. So I don't think we should get hung up on the individual parts of the process. We should think about it as a long-term process. Billing and coding transparency will be a positive thing.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Understood. And then just my follow-up is, given the current environment and organic growth coming in a little bit and your outlook for 2012. I guess, what do you think about the strategic acquisition environment? Are there some good deals out there? And then, how do you manage or think about using free cash flow? At what point will you consider paying a dividend versus continuing to buy back stock?
David P. King: As I mentioned in response, I think, to the very first question, one of the things that we're always looking at is capital structure and how we deploy capital. I think there are some attractive acquisition opportunities. There are, as always, there are plenty of things in the market. We're very selective about what we're interested in. And so we'll continue to look at acquisitions. We always evaluate in terms of allocation of capital, whether it makes sense to pay a dividend. That's something that is always under consideration and that we talk about a lot. And we'll continue to talk about it and some of it will depend obviously in, are we right about our view of return to historic volume growth over time. Because if we're not right, it suggests a different sort of capital allocation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: One follow-up question on Genzyme, and I'm just trying to look at it from a little bit of a different perspective. So based on the data points that you gave us, we calculated about 7% to 8% step-down in top line contribution once you annualize the contribution from 4Q '11 to 4Q '12. So one, are we kind of in the ballpark? And if so, is this how we should think -- is this kind of like the run rate that we should think of for 2012, factoring in kind of like the changes in commercial reimbursement, et cetera? Should kind of like Genzyme top line contribution should be done on a run rate by about 7% to 8%, '12 versus '11? Just trying to break down kind of like the top line growth components.
David P. King: Ricky, it's Dave. We don't see that math at all. So what I would suggest is get with Steve and Brad afterwards, if you want to walk through the math. Because I don't think it's going to be productive to try to walk through it on the call. But I will say, we don't see anything like that kind of step-down. And in fact, Genzyme had a very strong year 2012 versus 2011, and a very consistent rate of growth year-over-year.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just to clarify, the pricing reduction for managed care contract, which you've talked about, has been completely -- you expect to be completely offset in some more by volume growth? Is that how I should read your comment?
David P. King: No. I don't think I said that. I think what I said is that the -- although that would be my hope, but I think what I said is that the contribution throughout the year in terms of revenue stability was quite stable. And that the growth throughout the year, year-over-year in revenues in terms of revenue was quite stable.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And that's your expectation for '12?
David P. King: Yes. I mean, as Brad commented earlier, there -- incorporated in the guidance is some managed care compression that hasn't fully shown up in the numbers. But our expectation for '12 is, and I think we said this in response to the very first question, the growth of the Genzyme business year-over-year from a volume perspective is a very important priority for us.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I understand. But my question is, does guidance factor in that growth or is it just -- or is it upside to your guidance number?
David P. King: The guidance incorporates all of our assumptions and expectations about all the components of the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dane Leone with Macquarie.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Just quick questions for me. Your view of 2012, is histology as a mix of revenues up, down or flat? And then finally, all in for 2011, how many bolt-on acquisitions did you do? And if you could parse out the organic revenue growth attributed to those bolt-on acquisitions, and what's your outlook for '12? So the smaller acquisitions like customer lists, et cetera.
David P. King: So histology in 2012, our expectation is basically flat and we don't break down the individual acquisitions or the number of acquisitions. As we've said, small acquisitions are a part of what we believe to be our organic growth and we expect we'll do a similar number in 2012 that we -- to what we did in 2011.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Okay. And actually one more follow-up if I could. Any competitive share shift you're seeing from Quest given the turmoil at the top of the management team there?
David P. King: Well, I'm not going to associate myself with any comments about our competitor. I think we  I think they're a tough competitor, they continue to be a tough competitor in the marketplace. I think we've done a great job over the last multiple years in attracting business away from them with IT improvements and service improvements and we're going to continue to stay focused on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ashim Anand with Natixis.
Ashim Anand - Natixis Bleichroeder LLC, Research Division: My question was regarding the ROMA algorithm for ovarian cancer. It is actually quite exciting to see that only with 2 markers, HE4 and CA 125, you are able to achieve a 92% sensitivity, which is equal then to OVA-A (sic) [OVA1] by Quest and Vermillion, which have 5 markers. So if you can comment more on that test. And also related, if there is any commentary from American College of OB/GYN or Society for Gynecologist -- Gynecological Oncologists in terms of ROMA. And finally, for this test to become screening test, is that a goal? And if that is a goal, do you think addition of more markers would achieve that goal?
David P. King: Okay. So that was a lot, and we'll try to answer it all. First of all, it's cleared by the FDA for assessment of malignancy in patients presenting for surgery. It's not cleared for screening and we don't market it for screening. Over time, if the assay would become cleared for screening or if with the additional -- with the addition of additional markers, it could be re-presented to the FDA for screening, that's certainly something we would be interested in. Remember, because of the low incidence of ovarian cancer in the population, it's challenging to get a screening test that's going to have the sensitivity and specificity that we would like. But we've been working on that for a long time and will continue to do so. In terms of the science behind the test and the Vermillion test, what I would say is, obviously, FDA was satisfied in terms of clearing the test with the sensitivity. What we like about it is the greater specificity than the competitive test. And so, overall, I think it's a very attractive market opportunity. But recognize, it's part of an evaluation, along with radiological and clinical signs and symptoms, of a relatively small population, which is women presenting with an ovarian mass for surgery and trying to assess malignancy. So I hope that answered it, and I think that's about all the time that we -- we have one more question? We have one more question.
Operator: It looks like it comes on the line of Anthony Vendetti with Maxim Group.
Anthony V. Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: It will be quick. You said you had 104 new tests in 2011. Can you just compare that to what you had in 2009 and 2010?
David P. King: It's probably about comparable to 2010 and probably a little more than 2009. But that's -- we kind of think about 20 to 30 new tests a quarter being introduced as being our expectation and our goal.
Anthony V. Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: And same thing for 2012?
David P. King: I would expect so. Not having a whole list in front of me, but that's just -- that's what we've historically seen as kind of the typical output.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that'll conclude the question-and-answer portion for our event. I'd now like to turn the presentation back over to Mr. David King for closing remarks.
David P. King: Thank you, Jeff. Thank you all for listening to our earnings call, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer David P. King - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Stephen Anderson - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Adam T. Feinstein - Barclays Capital, Research Division Dane Leone - Macquarie Research Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Anthony V. Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Albert J. Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Lisa C Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ashim Anand - Natixis Bleichroeder LLC, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2011 Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. My name is Keisha, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David King, Chairman and CEO of LabCorp. Please proceed.
David P. King: Thank you, Keisha. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations.  This morning, we will discuss our third quarter 2011 financial results, highlight our progress on our Five Pillar Strategy and provide answers to several frequently-asked questions. I now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
Stephen Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our website, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, free cash flow and adjusted operating income. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect the company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2010 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I'll discuss 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity.  First, cash flow. Our cash flow remains strong. Excluding the Hunter Labs settlement of $49.5 million, free cash flow for the first 9 months of the year was $510.9 million. Cash flow has been negatively impacted by approximately $28 million due to delays in the Genzyme Genetics enrollment process and billing conversion, which we expected and have previously discussed. We expect that these delays will be resolved in the fourth quarter and are reiterating our 2011 operating cash flow guidance of $900 million, excluding the Hunter Labs settlement. We remain pleased with our cash collections. DSO increased 2 days year-over-year to 46 days at the end of September due to the Genzyme Genetics acquisition and was unchanged sequentially. As a result of continued success in our billing and collection activities, we reduced our bad debt rate to 4.5% during the quarter.  Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 10% year-over-year in the third quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 7% of this growth. During the quarter, we achieved strong growth in revenue per requisition, which increased 7.8% year-over-year. The growth in revenue per requisition is attributable to acquisitions, rate increases, test mix shift and increases in test per requisition. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 6% of the growth in revenue per requisition. Total company volume increased 2.1% year-over-year during the third quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 0.9% of this volume growth. Esoteric volume increased approximately 7% in the quarter.  Third, margin. For the third quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 18.8% compared to 19.6% in the third quarter of 2010. Year-over-year margin decline was due entirely to recent acquisitions that we have not fully integrated. Excluding these acquisitions, margins would have increased year-over-year. Margins will improve as we continue to integrate these businesses.  Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of September, we had cash at $85.8 million and approximately $463 million available under our revolving line of credit. At the end of September, total debt was $2 billion, and there were no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. During the third quarter, we repurchased $152 million of stock, representing 1.8 million shares. At the end of September, $256.5 million of repurchase authorization remained under our previously approved share repurchase program.  This morning, we updated our 2011 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 10.5% to 11%; adjusted EPS excluding amortization in the range of $6.28 to $6.33; operating cash flow of approximately $900 million, excluding the Hunter Labs settlement; and capital expenditures of $150 million. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Brad. We are very pleased with our third quarter results. We generated strong revenue growth of 10%, volume increased 2.1% and esoteric volume increased approximately 7%. Despite continued economic headwinds, organic volume grew by 1.2% year-over-year. Revenue per requisition remained strong, increasing 7.8%. We reduced our bad debt rate to 4.5% during the quarter, reflecting the continued exceptional performance of our operational and billing personnel.  We continue to make significant progress on each aspect of our Five Pillar Strategy. The first pillar of our strategy is that we deploy our cash to enhance our footprint and test menu through acquisitions and to repurchase shares. The integration of Genzyme Genetics is going well, and we are retaining revenue and realizing cost savings as expected. We remain confident that the transaction will be neutral to slightly accretive to our 2012 earnings. We remain extremely pleased and appreciative of the skill and dedication we observed among the Genzyme Genetics personnel, who are now a strong component of our LabCorp team.  The integration of Westcliff is in line with our expectations and the integration process should be fully completed in the first quarter of 2012. We are pleased to increase our presence in the California market, where we have historically been underrepresented.  In April, we announced our intended acquisition of Orchid Cellmark, an international provider of DNA-testing services primarily for forensic and family relationship applications. The transaction remains subject to regulatory approval, and we are working with the FTC to complete the process. We expect the transaction to be slightly accretive to GAAP earnings in 2012. Finally, we have repurchased approximately $478 million of our shares thus far in 2011.  The second pillar of our strategy is to enhance our IT capabilities to improve the physician and patient experience. We introduced Beacon order entry nationally in the third quarter, which will allow our customers to place electronic orders for essentially all LabCorp brands and services. With the previously released Beacon results delivery capability, customers can now place orders and receive results through a simple customer-friendly portal.  We also launched the Android version of the Beacon Mobile application. We also completed development of the Beacon patient portal. This portal is a secure and easy-to-use online solution that enables patients to receive and share lab results, make appointments, pay bills, set up automatic alerts and notifications and manage health information for the entire family. We expect to release a pilot of Beacon patient portal later this quarter.  The third pillar of our strategy is to continue to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services. In the third quarter, we rolled out our Touch Accudraw systems to an additional 207 sites. As previously noted, we have over 1,000 sites on Touch Accudraw, accounting for 76% of our patients service center volume. By the end of the year, we will have an installed base of over 1,100 sites, accounting for approximately 80% of our PSC volume. Touch Accudraw has helped us improve accuracy and workflow at our patient service centers, enhancing the patient experience and improving turnaround time.  We have consolidated 5 call centers through the first 3 quarters of 2011. Over the past several years, we have reduced our call clinical -- our core clinical call centers from 55 to 18 locations, decreasing our cost per call by 39% while increasing our average speed to answer by 5%. Finally, the expansion of our Burlington lab is scheduled for completion in the first quarter of 2012. This expansion will enable our current volume to flow more efficiently and allow us to consolidate satellite locations. We will continue to review our national footprint, seeking consolidation opportunities where appropriate.  The fourth pillar of our strategy is to continue scientific innovation at reasonable and appropriate pricing. We continue to introduce new tests and collaborate with leading companies and academic institutions to provide our physicians and patients with the most scientifically advanced testing in the industry. To this end, we introduced important offerings in women's health and personalized medicine during the third quarter.  In women's health, we have simplified specimen collection for physicians by offering a single-swab device. This device tests for bacterial vaginosis, candida, differentiation of the most prevalent organisms, chlamydia, gonorrhea, Trichomonas and HSV-1 and 2. Our single-swab device provides the comprehensive actionable information physicians need to deliver the best care to their patients.  In personalized medicine, we recently added to our industry-leading suite of companion diagnostic testing, offering tests that can help physicians appropriately prescribe the drugs Zelboraf and XALKORI. The drugs Zelboraf and the cobas 4800 BRAF V600 mutation test companion diagnostic, both from Roche, were approved by the FDA on August 17 for use in patients with inoperable or metastatic melanoma that carry the BRAF V600E gene mutation. The companion diagnostic test is essential for identifying patients who have this mutation and may benefit from therapy. We are the first national lab to offer this test. The drug XALKORI, available from Pfizer, was approved by the FDA on August 26 for use in the subset of non-small cell lung cancer patients classified as ALK-positive. A clinically validated companion diagnostic was also approved by FDA for identifying these ALK-positive patients that will benefit from XALKORI. Again, we are the first national lab to offer this test.  The fifth pillar of our strategy is to develop alternative delivery models. The extension of the UnitedHealthcare contract is an important step forward in our fifth pillar, as we will continue to be the sole national laboratory for UnitedHealthcare through the end of 2018. For nearly 5 years, our partnership has delivered high-quality laboratory services to UnitedHealthcare's customers and lowered their laboratory spend. Over the next 7 years, both organizations will continue to make investments to improve management of UnitedHealthcare's laboratory networks and their associated costs.  In summary, we are pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date performance and the progress we have achieved on our strategic initiatives. We remain excited about the profitable growth opportunities on our horizon and the Five Pillar Strategy we employ to realize them. Now Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Stephen Anderson: Thank you, Dave. Can you describe the potential impact from Medicare reform?  The Budget Control Act of 2011 passed by Congress this summer did not include direct cuts to laboratory reimbursement. However, as many of you know, this new law established a super committee tasked with recommending a $1.5 trillion deficit reduction plan over 10 years. If a majority of the super committee reaches agreement on a recommendation, Congress must vote on it by December 23 without any opportunity for amendments. Congress must also address scheduled reductions to the Medicare physician fee schedule sustainable growth rate. There are numerous proposals circulating to address these issues. Some of these proposals include further reductions in the clinical lab fee schedule, or coinsurance or copayments for laboratory services. It is too early for us to predict the impact of this potential reforms. We believe that across-the-board reductions to reimbursement, cost-sharing proposals or arbitrary exclusion of services are bad policy. Such proposals will increase administrative costs to providers, deter patients from seeking early and appropriate care and ultimately increase the cost of healthcare. We are working closely with the American Clinical Laboratory Association and members of Congress to explain our position on these matters, and we'll continue to press for responsible reforms and appropriate reimbursement for our services.  Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing?  In the third quarter, approximately 40% of our revenues were in the genomic esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. As we reiterated last quarter, our new goal is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 45% of our revenue within the next 3 to 5 years.  Can you remind us of how drugs of abuse volume trended during the year?  In the quarter, our drugs of abuse volume increased approximately 9% year-over-year. That compares to a year-over-year increase of 8% in Q2 of 2011, 14% in Q1 of 2011, 12% in Q4 2010 and 13.9% in Q3 of 2010. Do recent acquisitions and other uses of cash limit your ability to repurchase shares or act upon acquisition opportunities?  We repurchased approximately $478 million of our shares in the first 3 quarters of 2011 and have approximately $256.5 million of authorization remaining under our previously approved share repurchase program. While we do not comment specifically on share repurchase, we have been a consistent buyer of our shares. We do not believe we are precluded from making acquisitions as usual or from pursuing our strategic goals. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Steve. Thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein with Barclays.
Adam T. Feinstein - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So just wanted to get some more thoughts just on volumes. Certainly, you guys shared volume growth. I guess, what are your thoughts these days in terms of industry volumes? Clearly, you guys have done a great job taking market share. Just curious in terms of just some of your overall thoughts there. And at the same time, just wanted to get an update in terms of your thoughts around managed care contracting. You guys talked about the renewal of the UNH contract during the quarter, and just wanted to get update, thoughts in terms of other additional opportunities.
David P. King: Okay, Adam, it's Dave. Obviously, we're pleased with the 3Q volume growth of 2.1% and year-to-date volume growth given the economic conditions. And our third quarter volume growth obviously included some help from Genzyme, 90 basis points, some help from drugs of abuse and some organic growth. So it's a nice mix of contributors to the growth of volume. At the same time, you can obviously see that organic growth was 3% in the first quarter, 2% in the second quarter and 1.2% in the third quarter, and it was 3% in the fourth quarter. So the volume trend in general is slowing, and I don't think I'm the first person to be saying that in the healthcare services industry. I think we're seeing that across-the-board. I guess my overall observation would be that we're not seeing significant job growth in the broader economy. We're not seeing across-the-board increases in commercially insured covered lives, although, I'm sure you know that United did say that they have seen a positive trend in their commercial lives. So I think overall volume growth is going to continue to be muted until we see recovery in the economy, job creation and growth in people who have insurance of one form or another. In terms of the managed care perspective, obviously, we've talked about the extension of the United contract, which we're very pleased about, and that gives us the opportunity to continue working with United towards some long-term goals that we share. Generally beyond that, I would say that the managed care environment is relatively stable. And I'd summarize it by saying there are really 3 things that are on managed care's radar screens in terms of lab. One is unit cost. And we've consistently been the lowest cost provider and we work hard to maintain that position. Two is trend, so that's utilization. And I think that means that managed care plans are very much focused on leakage and work going outside the network because that drives both trend and cost. And third is the broad concern that expensive molecular testing, particularly if it's being proposed as screening testing for the asymptomatic population, can drive both cost and trend in extremely negative directions. And so I think there's a lot of concern about what new tests are coming to market; will labs be able to show specific applications for those test like the companion diagnostic that we launched in the third quarter that address utilization of particular therapies; and patient response to utilization of those therapies. So I think those are the 3 kind of high-level issues that managed care is thinking about as it thinks about labs. And I think we're well positioned to respond to all of them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello with RBC.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. So first of all, historically, you've talked about a foundation model that'll result in at least 10% EPS growth. Can you achieve that kind of growth if organic volume growth is just 1%?
David P. King: Bill, it's Dave. I think we've sort of put out there that you need 4% total growth to really achieve the foundation model. And that's, of course, all other things being equal. So we had more than 4% growth this quarter, but we also have the drag of the acquisitions that are being integrated that are detractors. I think if volume growth is 1%, unless you're going to see 3% price growth, it's going to be tough to achieve consistently that kind of 8% OI growth and 10% EPS growth.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that makes sense. And then, Steve did a nice job of sort of summarizing the facts about what's going on in Washington. I'm wondering, Dave, just because you're so close to it, if you can give us just kind of a sense of feel. I mean, I'm out here in a conference, I think, that you were at -- well, I know you were at last night, and the feel I'm picking up here is that people seem to be more worried about the risk of a lab cut actually getting implemented this year than they have at any time in the recent past. I don't know if that's your read. I'd love to hear kind of your sense.
David P. King: Well, as I said last evening, I mean, I think we, as an industry, have to be aware that everybody is again being asked to contribute to savings. And so unfortunately, what is being considered in Washington is not policy driven, it's savings driven. And a lot of ideas are floating around that's for reasons that we've articulated, I think, are really bad policy and contrary to the idea of generating long-term savings in healthcare. So I think if you impose co-pays, the likelihood is that in addition to shifting cost to the beneficiaries and ultimately to the lab industry for people who don't pay, you're also running the risk of deterring utilization, of people not getting screening done. And as a result, creating more acute incidences of care that are going to be more expensive. And I mentioned last night, the study came out on heart failure and hospitalizations and how much progress we've made on hospitalization for heart failure. Those heart failure hospitalizations cost $18,000 apiece. You got to collect a lot of co-pays from customers to offset that one single $18,000 incident. And again, one of the reasons that, in my view, that heart failure hospitalizations have gone down among seniors is there's much better testing of cardiac markers. There's much better understanding among physicians of what those marker means. There's broader utilization of statins when people need them. So all of these things have a cascade effect. And if you start implementing bad policies, ultimately, it doesn't reduce cost, it increases cost. That was a -- do I think there's risk? Absolutely. I think there's risk. And it's not just -- it's not because it has anything to do with labs, it's because there's risk to everybody in healthcare and everybody in healthcare services. And everybody who got cut in 2010 to make healthcare reform work is -- or to make -- I'm sorry, to make the numbers work in the healthcare reform bill is looking at getting cut again. And we'd be naive to think that we're not being looked at as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Willoughby with Bank of America.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Brad, you mentioned that the margin decline in the quarter was entirely due to acquisitions. And I guess if I look at the second quarter margin deterioration versus the prior year versus this quarter, it was much a much more pronounced effect. Can you speak to kind of what drove the magnitude of the margin hit there?
William B. Hayes: And Bob, when you say much more pronounced effect, you mean better in the third quarter, correct?
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: No, I think the margin fell a little bit more year-over-year in the third quarter than what the experience was in the second quarter.
William B. Hayes: I think we were down 80 basis points in the third quarter year-over-year and 190 in the second quarter year-over-year.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right, then I'm doing something with my numbers here rather unsavory.
William B. Hayes: And be sure to look at the adjusted numbers because we obviously have, in our adjusted numbers, backing out restructuring and onetime things that we call out to you. So I'm using the numbers that -- on the adjusted operating income side that we talked about.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right, I will check that. My other question just the tax rate in the quarter was somewhat low. What's -- is there any revision to the guidance for the year then from a tax perspective?
William B. Hayes: Not at all. And I think it's off quite a bit over the last year third quarter. Since we implemented -- and the rest of the world should look the same -- FIN 48 several years ago, we have a tax rate that typically is lower in the third and fourth quarter than the first and second due to the reversal, based on statutes, of our uncertain tax positions.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just...
William B. Hayes: No revision to the guidance based on tax rate.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just lastly, on the M&A pipeline, is there a desire to look at more pathology businesses that are out there? Or are you seeing some impact on valuation from some non-traditional buyers kind of looking into that market? Is there any change in your perspective on the pipeline?
David P. King: Bob, it's Dave. No change. We remain interested in pathology acquisitions and particularly ones that fit well into our core pathology strengths, including hematopathology. Obviously, you can't minimize the fact that Caris traded at $725 million, which is a big price on a high multiple. So again, it's just discipline in the acquisition environment and not overpaying are as important as making sure that we get the right acquisitions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I want to go back to the margins just a little bit just to understand the different components, right? When I look at the model, looks like revenue 2Q, 3Q was roughly sort of the same. Your SG&A was sort of roughly the same, but the big spike came in cost services. So I'm just wondering if you can help us explain why the jump just in the COGS line?
William B. Hayes: Yes, Ralph, a couple of factors that come to mind there. You obviously know about Genzyme Genetics, as well as Westcliff, and those are going as expected. We also closed in June an acquisition of a clinical trials organization called Clearstone. So we have a new acquisition that's in the third quarter that is not fully integrated, so that is causing a drag and you're seeing some of that in the cost of sales line as well. One other thing that comes to mind when I look back at historical relationships between Q2 and Q3 is 2 years ago, the company moved from a anniversary date for each employee for merit increases to a common review date, and that occurs early in the third quarter. It doesn't change the overall yearly numbers and our expectations, but on a sequential view of margin experience, Q2 to 3, it's obviously a factor.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, any hurricane impact or anything else worth kind of calling out in the quarter?
David P. King: Ralph, it's Dave, certainly not from an earnings perspective. We probably lost a little volume based on the hurricane, but not to the point where I think it's material to talk about it.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just my last one, I want to get into pricing a little bit more. If you back out the Genzyme contribution, each of the last 2 quarters, pricing has been kind of in the 1.7%, 1.8% range. And I think if we look back in time, it's a little bit slower than what we've historically seen, maybe closer to kind of that 3-ish percent level. So I'm just wondering if you could maybe talk about what's going on there as it relates either to pure pricing or the mix and contribution of mix and whether we should sort of ratchet down expectations going forward, if you think there is a slowdown that we should consider as the esoteric piece continues to grow, but maybe not at the rates that we've seen in the past.
William B. Hayes: Yes, Ralph, it's Brad. One thing that comes into mind as we look at our moving parts in that calculation is the growth of our drugs of abuse testing business has a natural pressure point on that price as well. And then -- and we've talked about this on several calls, one of our largest growers in the esoteric category has been vitamin D. And that test, while it's still growing, is not at the rate of growth that it has been since its inception, because it's basically the law of large numbers and it just gets bigger and the percentage goes down and impact on price on a year-over-year basis is not what it once was. But those are 2 of the moving parts that we look at when we're looking at that metric.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: If I could squeeze one last one in, any update on the Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey? And could you remind us when that contract is up?
David P. King: The contract, Ralph, expires at the end of the year. And we don't have an update other than to say that I believe the plan is actively considering where it's going, and we feel very comfortable that we've made them a strong proposal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Had a question first on Genzyme Genetics. So it seems like that's going at least in line with your expectations, maybe even better from an attrition standpoint. Is that still the case? And also curious, if the -- you have talked previously about potential managed care contract changes for Genzyme in the third quarter, curious if that had a meaningful impact on revenue per requisition growth? And if so, how do we think about that over the next 4 quarters?
David P. King: So Amanda, it's Dave. We feel very good about revenue retention at Genzyme Genetics. And again, I think both the Genzyme and LabCorp teams have done a terrific job in keeping those customers happy and maintaining a level of service, and actually in many cases improving the overall level of service. There is some pricing compression that occurred in the third -- beginning in the third quarter and we'll see it over -- there will be a 4 quarter impact on the comparables. And there will probably be a little bit more, but again, nothing outside of our expectation in terms of compression. And we feel good about where we are.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then just to follow up on some of the volume discussions. The 1.2% organic volume growth, is that purely organic, or does it also include some tuck-ins in there?
David P. King: When we talk about organic growth, I mean, our organic growth always contemplates -- I mean, when we give guidance, we always contemplate that some of our growth is going to come from small tuck-in acquisitions. So talking about organic growth, it would be -- because those tuck-in acquisitions basically involve billing and consumer conversion almost on day 1 after the acquisition closes, it would be next to impossible for us to talk about what is volume x fold-ins. So that 1.2% does include some impact from the tuck-ins.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, got it. And any commentary that you can make on just, I guess, utilization trends? So I think the IMS data just came out for September and it sort of implies sequentially an improvement. Is that something you saw? So in other words, is it getting -- maturing through the year? Getting better, worse or the same sort of thing?
David P. King: Yes, I don't mean to pooh-pooh the IMS data because I think directionally it's useful. But we were hearing numbers in July and August like 16% declines in physician offices. It's now, all of a sudden -- when they added September in, sequentially, it's improved quarter-over-quarter. So this is a very small data set. It's based on physician surveys. I would suggest that even things like doctors going on vacation can have a major impact -- who picks up the phone and answers their questions. I don't really have much to add, in terms of volume, to what I said in response to Adam's question, which is all of healthcare services is encountering volume softness. And until we see economic growth and job creation, I don't think we're going to see a lot of change there.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, and then just last one. If you look at the guidance changes, can you talk a little bit about what drove that, specifically the EPS increase? Is that buybacks that you did relative to Q2, or acquisitions or what have you?
William B. Hayes: Amanda, it's Brad. I think it's basically the realization that there's 1 quarter left. It's the tightening of the range given 1 quarter, and it includes everything in our experience: our operations; the volume and price growth that we've talked about; the margins; and share repurchase, obviously.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I want to just go back to your commentary about managed care re-contracting. And I just want to make sure I'm hearing you clear or if you could just clarify for us what your pricing outlook is. Has it changed based on some of the re-contracting activities you had this year and anticipate coming up? Or should we expect managed care pricing updates to be relatively similar? Just any commentary there would be helpful.
David P. King: Darren, it's Dave. I think pricing is -- continues to be relatively stable. So I don't expect that we're going to see significant price movement in renewals. As I say, I think the big concern is trend. And I would say trend and expensive testing are higher on the list for managed care than unit cost right now. So those are the things where plan renewals are focused. And we historically have been the lowest-cost provider. We're doing a lot of things to make sure we can continue to be the lowest-cost provider, but I don't see a downward price movement coming from these renewals.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just so I'm clear on what you're saying, I mean, is there any new type of activity that concerns you with regard to pre-authorization or even outright denials on the managed care front for some of these more expensive tests?
David P. King: Well, I think all the managed care plans are struggling and employers too, by the way, because employers who self-insure are struggling as well with how to manage the potential growth of expensive lab testing. I think a lot of things are being tried. There certainly have been some attempts at pre-authorization, and that's not new. I mean, they had across-the-board policy on pre-authorization of genetic tests probably 4 years ago that they implemented. It didn't work out very well, and they ultimately withdrew it. So I think this is a trend that we're going to see, and it's going to go through pilots. There'll be fits and starts in terms of how it works, but ultimately, there's a real focus on making sure that testing that's being ordered, particularly expensive testing, is the right test for the right patient at the right time. And I don't think there's anything that we should be concerned about that in that respect.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just on United, can you just help us think about whether there's anything new structurally with regard to how United manages their lab network and preventing leakage? Is there anything that you can say to what you've been able to do in the new contract terms?
David P. King: Well, I think, as we said in the announcement, there are some performance-based incentives. And so it would be reasonable to hypothesize the reduction of leakage as one of the things that could allow us to realize those performance-based incentives. Otherwise, structurally within that contract, I don't think there's anything that's particularly different from what we've historically had.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And my last question here, I just wanted to ask you, obviously, the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force have been working on a number of changes to screening guidelines for cancer. And I'm just wondering if you could give us some of your commentary about how you think that's going to impact your volumes looking out over the next year, whether you think that's something that we should be seriously considering in terms of the growth rate of the company as providers react to that.
David P. King: I do not think that it's going to be terribly impactful. I think the controversy over PSA testing has been going on since time immemorial and will continue. And I'd don't think the U.S. Preventive Task Force recommendations are going to change a lot of physician or patient behavior. On HPV, going back to 2003, the U.S. Preventive Task Force has never endorsed HPV, which is a bit mystifying to me because there are studies upon studies upon studies that demonstrate the value of HPV, particularly in conjunction with the Pap, for diagnosis of cervical cancer. But if you look at ASCCP and ACOG, they strongly support HPV co-testing with Pap. And there are 11 governing bodies that have positive recommendations for HPV testing with the U.S. Preventive Task Force as the one that stands outside. So I don't think we'll see a significant impact on volumes as a result of the U.S. Preventive Task Force recommendations on either of those tests.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: With regards to the 6% impact that Genzyme had on revenue for acquisition in the quarter, once the new pricing schedules are in place, what should that go to? Does that go to 0? Could that go to negative? How should we think about that number?
William B. Hayes: Gary, this is Brad. I think by the time those are all fully baked in, we'll sort of have a year-over-year anniversary of Genzyme. So I think it wouldn't be right to talk about it in terms of that particular number.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, then maybe in that vein, I guess, what should the run rate be once it's sort of anniversaried?
William B. Hayes: I mean, obviously, I think the MCO impact will have an impact on our year-over-year pricing growth, but again, not something that we haven't anticipated and wouldn't be baked into our thinking for any future period.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just back on the volumes. You talked about overall volumes. Could you talk maybe a little bit about share? Is your share stable? Are there areas that you're gaining or losing share, by different test type?
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. I think overall, share is pretty stable. I think -- gosh, we've been talking about, for many quarters, our focus on some key markets: endocrinology, rheumatology. And I think we've had strong performance there. Obviously, the launch of our single-swab women's health test is going to help us in terms of retaining and growing share in that market. So I don't think there's anything in particular that jumps out in share gain or share loss.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And what's the competitive environment like on the anatomic pathology front? Is it still as strong from physician practices as it has been, or has there been any change there?
David P. King: I think the volumes are stabilizing for us. I think again, we actually were slightly up in the third quarter year-over-year. There is still in-sourcing going on there. It hasn't abated. But I would say the very large practices completed their in-sourcing some time ago, and so probably the biggest volume impact is behind us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a couple of questions I wanted to -- I guess, that haven't been hit. One, just kind of going back to revenue per session x Genzyme, the 1.8. I know you talked conceptually kind of pure price versus mix. And I was following that discussion, but can you actually numerically break that down? Are you willing to...
David P. King: No.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: What's your view?
David P. King: No.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, no. I think historically, you've said there's very little pure pricing in that number, and that's the way we should think of it. Is that still fairly accurate?
David P. King: That's true, Gary. Historically, we've said it's 0 to 50 basis points of unit price, and the rest is mix driven.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On the Clearstone acquisition, what was the exact closing date on that?
David P. King: It was in June. I don't remember the exact date. We can go back and get that.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Well, I guess that's okay. We had it in our model in June, and I know, I think there was $29.6 million of net acquisition spend in the cash flow statement in June. So that would have been only for Clearstone?
David P. King: Yes.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And can you tell us annual revenue on that?
David P. King: I don't think we've spoken about the annual revenue for Clearstone individually.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just going back to United just for a second, what was the -- I mean, can you give us a little color just kind of on the catalyst for the early renewal? I guess, clearly it's in your interest to push out the contract, and that should be well perceived by the market. I guess, clearly it's in their interest to lock-in some certainty around a component of their medical spend. Is there anything else to the timing of this than that?
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. I think you've identified a couple of big drivers. One was our desire for continued certainty in the relationship, and two was their desire to get 2 more years of visibility into what their spend would be, at least with us. Over the years with United, we've talked about a number of potential opportunities, including expansion of lab networks and redirection of leakage and some other things. And yes, I think there was a general view on both sides that this was an opportunity to give ourselves a couple of more years and be able to sort of put the focus on those strategic initiatives and make some investments. And with 2 more years, you're really looking at a 7-plus year time window to see those investments realized. So I think it was a combination of all those factors.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And my last question, just remind us your next sort of national HMO renewal is who and when?
David P. King: I think Humana is up at the end of 2012, so that we're already obviously in discussions about the renewal terms of that contract.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci with Lazard Capital Markets.
Andrea Alfonso: This is actually Andrea calling in for Tom. I just had a quick follow-up on utilization. Could you perhaps discuss a little bit what you're seeing thus far in October? And in the past, you've discussed how the impact of high-deductible plans have shifted some of that seasonality to the back half. Is that -- should we still expect that type of pickup in Q4?
David P. King: No. We cannot discuss what we've seen so far in October. I think it has been widely hypothesized, and there's been some support in the numbers over the last couple of years that there have been pickups in fourth quarter utilization. And the hypothesis has been that that's driven by high-deductible plans. I don't know, given this economic environment and the general utilization trend that we're seeing in healthcare services broadly, whether we'll see that again this quarter or not.
Andrea Alfonso: And as a follow-up, I recognize you haven't provided 2012 guidance yet, but in the past you've discussed how improvement in Westcliff and Genzyme combined can represent a $0.40 swing into 2012. Is this still your general expectation?
David P. King: Well, as you said, we haven't provided 2012 guidance and we'll do that on our fourth quarter call in February. We have said that given the guidance on Genzyme being $0.16 to $0.26 dilutive this year and being neutral to slightly accretive next year that we should expect a positive swing there. I'm not quite sure how you get to $0.40, because I don't think Westcliff was that dilutive. And remember, we closed in May, so we were allowed to integrate starting in May, so we only have 5 months of dilution next year. We should -- Westcliff should be profitable next year, and so there should be a positive swing there. But I'm not subscribing entirely to the number that you put out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just going back to the managed care contracts and the United contract, Dave, in the press release, you guys talked about economic incentives for helping with leakage and maybe shifting volume to lower-cost settings that is helping United on their lab cost. Could you talk a little bit about that? I guess, maybe what are those incentives? And do you have other contracts in place? Or do you see that going forward with any of your other managed care providers?
David P. King: Well, I think everybody will move toward the idea of performance-based incentives. I think that's the nature of what everybody is seeing, whether it's pay-for-performance, pay-for-quality, pay for lack of hospital readmissions. I mean, so I think performance-based incentives will probably be a component of all managed care contracts. The performance metrics will undoubtedly be different for each one. But I think we'll see that going forward. And with United, without talking about specific details of the contract, obviously, the biggest performance-based incentives are reducing overall spend. So that would mean leakage reduction. It would mean more volume in the network. I mean, those are the things that obviously would allow us to realize the performance-based initiatives.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market: Okay, understood. And then, I guess just following up on that, thinking about the pay-for-quality, pay-for-performance. One of the things you talked about last night at the conference was the future of lab testing and changes in the payment model with some demos going on, bundling and accountable care organizations. Could you give us your thoughts as to how the landscape is going to change for you? And I guess, what do you think this will mean for the clinical lab business going forward?
David P. King: I think it's very early to know or to hypothesize. I mean, right now, I think the general reception to the ACO guidelines has been rather chilly from providers because of: one, the complexity; and two, the perception that providers are being asked to assume a lot more risk than the government. I think in the long run, as I said last evening, labs deliver, for the dollar, absolutely the highest value in the healthcare system. Labs deliver, for 2% to 3% of the spend and for 1.6% of the Medicare spend, information that drives 70% to 80% of healthcare decisions. So they're not going to be a healthcare system, whether it's an ACO, whether it's a bundled payment, whether it's -- any system is going to be -- labs will be the linchpin of that system. And I think the industry generally, while we may see changes in the way that the payments are allocated and while we may see changes in the way that labs participate in these types of networks, we're absolutely the most essential piece of healthcare services. And I think LabCorp in general -- LabCorp in particular, and the industry in general are very well positioned to respond.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market: And then just going back to kind of the competitive landscape and the M&A environment, we've seen some of the non-traditional players come in and there has been more discussion about the genetic benefit managers with Medco and Caremark. Is there anything that you're thinking about doing in the future, partnerships with any of them that we could talk about?
David P. King: Yes, I think the new entrants into the market is not surprising to me. And again, as I have talked about, I mean, I think a lot of these are companies looking for new channels, whether it's a channel to get in front of oncologists to sell drugs or a channel to get in front of pathologist to sell digital pathology or a channel to sell nutraceuticals. I mean, these are the kinds of acquisitions that are being made. And I don't see these companies having a desire to get into a big lab services operation. I see them looking at businesses that will give them a channel into places that they want to be, and in particular, physicians who they want to be in front. I think in terms of benefit management, we'd be naive if we didn't think that there's going to be some sort of benefit management over time, as I said yesterday and talked about. And I feel very strongly about this. To me, the fundamental here is decision support and helping physicians choose the right test for the right patient at the right time. So I don't think of it as we're going to -- the industry is going to be in a position where health plans are going to be saying no to tests that patients should have. I look at it as a position where health plans and payers are generally are going to be saying, "Show me the objective facts that justify a patient getting a particular test," particularly for expensive tests. I mean, obviously, there's a lot more concern about genetic testing and molecular testing that there is about CBCs and cholesterol testing, but show me the objective facts that demonstrate that, that patient should get the test and then show me how that's going to be integrated into the care the physician is delivering. And I don't think there's anything that should be a great concern to responsible lab industry participants in that kind of thinking.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMC.
Lisa C Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just had a question around guidance for the fourth quarter. If I look at the slides that you put out today, it says that your actual for the 9 months was $4.80. But if I add up the 3 quarters of what you reported, that's $4.77. So Brad, can you maybe just help me think about how should we be looking at the fourth quarter as far as your guidance range goes?
William B. Hayes: Well, I have to go back and do the math on the $4.77 because we've certainly got, in our tables to the press release and all our other numbers, $4.80. So I feel pretty good about that number without going back and looking at the previous reports. So if you do the delta between the top end of the range and that $4.80, I mean, you'd get a $1.53 fourth quarter to go to the bottom end of the range of $1.48 fourth quarter. And as we look at the expectations for the fourth quarter, we're comfortable across the entirety of that range. So it all makes sense to us. And again, I'll go back and double check your $4.77 versus $4.80, but I'm fairly confident in the $4.80.
Lisa C Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Again, I just want to check, if I look at the first quarter, it was $1.52; second quarter, $1.64; and third quarter, $1.61. I just didn't know if there was something in the reconciliation as you get to that 9 months that would differ from what you actually reported in the last 3 quarters. I know it's only a couple of pennies, but again, it does have a swing factor in the fourth quarter, depending on which number you're going with.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First off, on the sort of legislative side of things, there's some, I think, a new building proposed regarding lab developed tests. I just wondering how you're looking at the regulation of those types of products going forward and how that might impact your planning next year.
David P. King: Could you repeat, Isaac? I'm sorry, but there's a lot of background noise.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: [Technical difficulty]  legislation out there for lab developed tests. Just wondering how you're looking at that for next year and what your plans are for those types of products.
David P. King: Well, Dr. Burgess introduced a bill in the House -- introduced a series of bills on FDA modernization, one of which deals with lab developed tests. And LabCorp and the American Clinical Laboratories Association are strongly supportive of that approach, which we think is a reasonable and appropriate and prudent approach to regulation of lab developed testing. In the meantime, we continue to be engaged in discussions with FDA and other stakeholders about how lab developed testing will be regulated, but we remain concerned that the approach that FDA has tentatively talked about and has discussed in some guidance is a, really a wrong-headed approach and will actually lead to stifling innovation, lack of development in clinical testing and ultimately detrimental to patient care. So we support the Burgess legislation and will continue to hope and do our best to advance that through the House and the Senate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a general question here in the guidance range, which is obviously positive. It seems the organic growth has decelerated a little bit throughout the year. You're not really changing the dilution range for Genzyme. So I guess, if you had to just touch on the 2 or 3 primary points on what's gone better than the low end of the previous EPS range, how would you characterize it?
William B. Hayes: Yes. I think we were ahead for the first half of the year. That's definitely one thing that's going on. And again, as we forecast the fourth quarter, those are the results that we see. And the closer you get to the end of the year, the narrower the range has to be, so it's forcing the numbers to be what they are.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And should we assume that Genzyme is coming in at the, maybe at the better end of the range? I mean, $0.10, I think, is kind of wide for -- with 1 quarter to go. But just within that range, how would you characterize it?
David P. King: I would characterize it as the guidance is intended to encompass a broad range of outcomes. And it would be counterproductive to break down every individual component of the guidance. So I don't think -- if we left the guidance at 617, people would say, "You guys are not being realistic." And that would be true. What we've done is try to make the guidance realistic, given where we are and what we seen the quarter ahead.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dane Leone with Macquarie.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: I just want to -- just a point of clarity, does the updated 2011 guidance include share repurchases in the fourth quarter?
David P. King: Dane, it's Dave. I think, as Brad said in response to Amanda's question, that the updated 2011 guidance includes everything.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: So okay, it assumes a completion of the outstanding $250 million in share repurchase authorization?
David P. King: No, it does not. It assumes that the share repurchase that we've done year-to-date is done, and it assumes that we will likely repurchase some shares, but it does not assume that we'll repurchase $250 million worth of shares in the quarter. Again, we've -- our year-to-date, you can look at our year-to-date repurchase and see what the trend is, and it would not contemplate $250 million of repurchase in one quarter.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Okay. And under the scenario of continued adverse market conditions, could there be an option to use some of the flexibility that you have on the balance sheet to augment the current share repurchase authorization?
David P. King: There's always the ability to use the balance sheet and use our ability to take on leverage to do a variety of things, including acquisitions and share repurchase.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Okay, great. And then on -- following up on UNH contract, is there any near-term pricing impact from that contract extension?
David P. King: What we've said is that pricing over the life of the contract remains stable, and that we're very pleased where we've come out, from a pricing perspective. And that's all we're going to say about pricing.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then finally for me, can you just provide some commentary like you do every quarter on the growth in your women's health business?
David P. King: Yes. I mean, I think the women's health business and particularly the OB/GYN market have continued to be positive for us. Obviously, Genzyme is helping in reproductive testing, and it's helping with us getting into -- with LabCorp getting into accounts that Genzyme had served and with Genzyme getting into accounts that LabCorp had served. I think the introduction of the single-swab test will give us a boost in being on a level playing field with some of the things that competitors have introduced. So I think it's a good market for us, and it's going to continue to grow.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Okay. So there's been -- there was year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter growth on that business?
David P. King: I don't think we've broken that down specifically.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I have a couple of questions here. So first of all, when I look at top line growth, right? So third quarter top line growth was about 10%, and then backing into fourth quarter, implied top line growth is 4.5% to 6%. So can you walk us just through the component of the sequential step down? There's around 360 to 450 basis points of decline. I assume that Genzyme volumes account for part of it, right, because of the timing of the acquisition. But is the remaining of it really kind of reflects the stepdown in Genzyme in maybe United pricing? Can you give us some color around that?
William B. Hayes: Ricky, this is Brad. And you've got the numbers all correct. I mean, we will have only 2 months of incremental Genzyme, so that is a component. And then one other thing, I think, is a driver there, as we think back to something that Dave went over earlier, were the organic growth rates of the last 4 quarters. Q4 last year was 3. So I think it's a tough comp, and the annualization of Genzyme is what we see in that analysis.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And any pricing impact from kind of like either United or Genzyme in that analysis that we should think of?
David P. King: Ricky, it's Dave. There's no pricing impact from United and the only pricing impact from Genzyme is, again, remember you're annualizing at the end of November, so you're going to have one month in which you're not seeing the year-over-year price lift.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Two other questions, one on drugs of abuse market. I mean, is my math correct? Did it account for about the half of the organic volume growth in the quarter?
David P. King: I think it's less than half, but it is a contributor.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Is it around 5% of revenues for you still? Or less than that?
David P. King: No, I'd say it's less than that.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then lastly, just touching on anatomic pathology. I know you spoke about the acquisition, but can you just share with us what you're seeing in terms of the in-sourcing trends for the business?
David P. King: Yes. I think as we said previously, the in-sourcing is continuing. The big -- the in-sourcing of -- in the big practices has largely been completed. So volume year-over-year was a little -- was up sequentially. It was a little better. But in-sourcing has not abated, and it's going to continue, in our view, until there's a regulatory resolution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Albert J. Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Two questions, one sort of a detailed question. To hit the fourth quarter and your full year cash flow targets, I guess, you're assuming that Q4 cash flow is obviously a nice pickup. And you had talked about the fact that the Genzyme enrollment delays, figuring you'll get that in the fourth quarter, have you quantified how much is tied up with that?
David P. King: Yes, we said $28 million early on the call.
Albert J. Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And then maybe just another big-picture question here. Obviously, your biggest peer has talked about doing a big further cost-reduction program over the next 3 years. I won't ask you to comment on that specifically. But what they pointed to in thinking they could take some cost out of the system was that they had felt like the industry may be overservicing the clients now, that the client base doesn't demand everything that the industry is offering and that presents an opportunity for some cost savings. I'd be interested to see whether you guys have any kind of view on that, or looked at that at all and what your thoughts would be.
David P. King: I've not heard that said, and I'm not going to comment on what Quest is doing in terms of running their business. I would say that we have stated for several years that we continue to invest in the business to improve the physician and patient experience. Some of that improvement is by automating and doing things that do reduce costs. But we continue to provide a high level of service and a high-quality service to physicians and patients. And we're going to keep doing that, and we're going to keep investing to make sure that we do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Vendetti with Maxim.
Anthony V. Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: I just wonder if you can provide some of the growth in some of the general [ph] esoteric tests that sometimes you provide like HPV, vitamin D, or anything -- any one of those tests particularly strong this quarter?
David P. King: Well, we continue to see good growth in HPV, vitamin D, some other -- testosterone, some other tests that have been strong growers, but we're not going to provide specific percentages or comparisons.
Anthony V. Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: How about with Genzyme Genetics? Obviously, that's an area that -- they're providing growth in some of those tests. Is there any particular test that Genzyme Genetics has contributed that you look out as a stalwart or as one that's particularly been helpful for you?
David P. King: I think reproductive genetics in general has been a positive. I think that we've seen -- we continue to see good growth in SMA testing. But again, across-the-board, Genzyme has provided strength in reproductive testing. We've seen nice growth in infectious disease with the IL28B and the hepatitis C test that we brought out. We've already seen good adoption, even though we released them in August, of the companion diagnostics that we talked about earlier on the call. So we're seeing nice pockets of growth across-the-board in the esoteric portfolio.
Anthony V. Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: And then lastly on Genzyme Genetics, is the integration largely complete? Is there anything that needs to be done on a cost basis or facility basis or anything else before the end of the year, that's significant?
David P. King: The integration is not largely complete. The integration is ongoing. There are still some significant activities that are going to continue. And that's why we have said that it'll be 2013, sometime during the year 2013 or exiting 2013, that we see the full completion of the Genzyme Genetics integration.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Ashim Anand with Natixis.
Ashim Anand - Natixis Bleichroeder LLC, Research Division: What I wanted to comment on and know more about, the progress you have made in personalized medicine, especially companion diagnostics with Zelboraf and XALKORI. And then monitoring on HCV protease inhibitors. So obviously that protease inhibitor, GenoSure, is your own test so that must be exclusive. But I wanted you to comment on, is there exclusivity in terms of and BRAF and ALK also?
David P. King: No, there's not exclusivity. Obviously, our view has been for some time that getting to market first is very important because of physician adoption and creation of physician loyalty. So while these are not exclusive tests, we are the first national lab to offer them and -- among the first 2 or 3 labs to offer them. The others are much smaller, niche labs, if you will. So we're very pleased with the position that we're in there.
Ashim Anand - Natixis Bleichroeder LLC, Research Division: In that regard, if you can kind of comment on generally about marketing of these companion diagnostics like especially, for example, Zelboraf has done pretty good ramp-up, considering it was just released. So the marketing strategy is that someone from the lab goes to co-market, let's say, with Roche? Or Roche is essentially doing your job? And the same case with XALKORI and Pfizer, if can you generally comment on that.
David P. King: I think it's a combination of a variety of things. I think there's -- we market, the drug companies market. There's co-marketing. There's outreach through physician education, through influential physician groups and thought leaders. So there's a whole variety of ways in which those tests are introduced to the market.
Ashim Anand - Natixis Bleichroeder LLC, Research Division: And finally, I know this is small component. Along with HCV protease inhibitors, but going forward in terms of just contribution to the esoteric, you foresee this being a big component, like especially in terms of your goal of increasing total revenue contribution to 45%. Anything you can comment on that regard?
David P. King: I think companion diagnostics are going to continue to be -- we're going to continue to see an increasing number of them. I think they're going to, over time, be significant contributors to esoteric growth. It's not going to be next quarter. It's not going to be next year. But as we move toward new technologies in testing, as we learn more about the genetics of disease, companion diagnostics absolutely it will be a strong contributor to our growth and, I think, the growth of the industry in general.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Bill Bonello with RBC.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify your responses to a couple of questions, because I was a bit confused. First of all, Amanda asked if organic growth included tuck-in acquisitions. And Dave, you gave the answer that you used to always give about -- that it does, and hard to break those out. But last quarter, when I asked the question about whether organic growth included tuck-ins, your response was, "The approximately 2% organic growth is truly organic, so it's everything. It's all acquisitions backed out." So if we think about the approximately 2% organic growth of last quarter and the 1.2% of this quarter, am I correct that that's not really an apples-to-apples trend?
David P. King: Bill, no. It is an apples-to-apples trend. It's the exact same comparison. So if we said that last quarter, then that was erroneous, because this is the same comparison quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then Brad answered a question that somebody had asked on the price per session, thinking about it on a normalized basis going forward. I thought you said something about MCO is having a negative impact on revenue per session growth, but I didn't exactly hear what you were saying. So am I right that you were saying there's going to be some kind of exit impact on revenue per session growth for managed care? Or did I mishear that?
William B. Hayes: You misheard that. Maybe, if I'm to the right place on the call, it was the impact of drugs of abuse testing on our revenue per requisition growth.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, so that's had a negative impact, right, I would assume? The growth in drugs of abuse?
William B. Hayes: Yes, so it's helped volume and compressed price, for a very minor impact on total revenue.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So as we think about normalized revenue per session growth, you're not saying to think about anything different on the price front than we normally think?
David P. King: That's right.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session for today. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. David King for closing remarks.
David P. King: Thank you very much for joining us this morning on our third quarter earnings call, and we hope you have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Good day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Anderson - Director of Investor Relations David King - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President William Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG Dane Leone - Macquarie Research Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG Gavin Weiss - JP Morgan Chase & Co Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Claire Diesen - Morgan Stanley Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings Earnings Conference Call. My name is Katie, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would like to now hand the call over to your host for today, David P. King, Chairman and CEO of Laboratory Corp. of America. Please proceed.
David King: Thank you, good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's, Second Quarter 2011 conference call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations.  This morning, we will discuss our second quarter, 2011 financial results, highlight our progress on our key strategic initiatives and provide answers to several frequently asked questions.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
Stephen Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review the supplemental information.  Additionally we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our website for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS excluding amortization, free cash flow and adjusted operating income. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various factors that could affect the company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2010 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change.  Now, Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I'll discuss 4 key measures of our financial performance: Cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity.  First, cash flow. Our cash flow remained strong. Free cash flow for the first half of the year was $325 million, which is in line with our expectations and historical performance. Cash flow has been reduced by approximately $20 million due to expected delays in the Genzyme Genetics enrollment process, which we had previously discussed. We expect that these delays will be resolved in the ordinary course and are reiterating our 2011 operating cash flow guidance of $900 million, excluding the Hunter Labs settlement. We remain pleased with our cash collections. DSO increased 1 day year-over-year to 46 days at the end of June due to the Genzyme Genetics acquisition and decreased sequentially by 1 day. Our bad debt remained stable at 4.7%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increase 13.3% year-over-year in the second quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 7.6% of this growth. During the quarter, we achieved strong growth in revenue per requisition, which increased 8.1% year-over-year. The growth in revenue per requisition is attributable to acquisitions, rate increases, test mix shift and increases in test per requisition. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 6.4% of the growth in revenue per requisition. Total company volume increased 4.8% year-over-year during the second quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 0.9% of this volume growth. Esoteric volume increased approximately 10% in the quarter. Third, margin. For the second quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 19.9% compared to 21.8% in the second quarter of 2010. Acquisitions that we have not yet fully integrated caused an approximate 180 basis-point drag on margins. Over time, as we integrate the businesses, margins will improve. Margins expanded sequentially by 60 basis points, which is in line with past experience. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of June, we had cash of $118.9 million and approximately $463 million available under our revolving line of credit. During the second quarter of 2011, we received notices to convert a portion of our 0 coupons subordinated notes. The total conversion value of approximately $231 million was settled by cash payments of approximately $143 million and by the issuance of approximately 900,000 shares of stock. At June 30, the remaining accretive value of the 0 coupons subordinated notes is approximately $140 million. At the end of June, total debt was $2 billion, and there were no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. During the second quarter, we repurchased approximately $60.5 million of stock, representing approximately 600,000 shares. At the end of June, approximately $408.5 million of repurchase authorization remained under our previously approved share repurchase program.  This morning, we reaffirmed our 2011 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 9.5% to 11.5%. Adjusted EPS, excluding amortization in the range of $6.17 to $6.32, excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after June 30, 2011. Operating cash flow of approximately $900 million, excluding the Hunter Labs settlement and capital expenditures of $150 million.  I will now turn the call over to Dave.
David King: Thank you, Brad. We are very pleased with our second quarter results. We generated strong revenue growth of 13.3%. Volume increased 4.8% and esoteric volume increased approximately 10%. Importantly, despite economic headwinds, our organic volume grew by approximately 2% year-over-year. Revenue per requisition remains strong increasing 8.1%. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 6.4% of the revenue per requisition growth.  Excluding the impact of Genzyme Genetics, our DSO declined on a year-over-year basis to 43 days, reflecting the continued strong performance of our operational and billing personnel.  We continue to make significant progress on each aspect of our Five Pillar Strategy, and I will now provide specific updates on each pillar. The first pillar of our strategy is that we deploy our cash to enhance our footprint and test menu through acquisitions and to repurchase shares. Genzyme Genetics is performing well. We are pleased with revenue performance and are on track with planned cost reductions. LabCorp and Genzyme employees continue to work together to combine the businesses without disruption to our customer base, as evidenced by the very limited customer attrition we have experienced to date.  The Genzyme acquisition has allowed us to introduce significant customer benefits given the complementary nature of our services. With respect to the Genetics business, our customers now have broad access to novel tests and technologies, such as the SMA molecular genetics assay and the whole chromosome SNP array, part of our combined reveal family of SNP Micro Arrays.  On the oncology side, LabCorp's broad molecular oncology test menu, such as BRAF mutation testing which has applications in a variety of cancers, including colorectal cancer and melanoma, complements the strong pathology expertise of Genzyme Genetics. Further, LabCorp's broad test menu has allowed us to internalize approximately 50 tests that Genzyme had previously referred to other labs. Last month, we acquired Clearstone Central Laboratories, a leading global provider of central laboratory services for late-stage clinical trials. The acquisition provides LabCorp with Clearstone's global network of central laboratories and clinical trials management system, Apollo CLPM, which provides clients with realtime access to global data, strengthened chain of custody, automated sample stability monitoring and guaranteed consistency across all lab sites. The combined entity will have the largest available Biomarker assay portfolio that globally harmonizes state-of-the-art testing platforms in areas such as pharmacogenomics, microbiology, immunohistochemistry, allergy testing, cytogenetics and flow cytometry.  We have stated for some time that our clinical trials' central lab business needed broader international reach, and with laboratories in China and Singapore, Clearstone accomplishes that goal. In April we announced our intended acquisition of Orchid Cellmark, an international provider of DNA-testing services, primarily for forensic and family-relationship applications. The transaction remains subject to regulatory approval, and we are working with the FTC to complete the process. We continue to expect the transaction to be mutual to GAAP earnings in 2011. Finally we have repurchased approximately $325.5 million of our shares thus far in 2011.  The second pillar of our strategy is to enhance our IT capabilities to improve the physician and patient experience. We continue to make progress on our LabCorp Beacon product. This quarter, we launched several new modules, migrated half of our Westcliff customers and surpassed 15,000 users on Beacon. We also plan to introduce our Beacon Order Entry System nationally in the third quarter, which will allow our customers to place electronic orders for all LabCorp brands and services. On the Genzyme front, we have converted billing, report delivery and other key IT systems onto LabCorp platforms. The third pillar of our strategy is to continue to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services. The national rollout of our Touch and AccuDraw order entry systems should largely be completed by the end of the year. We are also progressing well with lab automation projects that will lower our cost structure, increase throughput and allow us to more efficiently manage personnel. These automation projects, improvements throughout our logistics network and other enhancements in our supply-chain operations have allowed us to increase the per employee throughput in our core laboratories by 30% over the last 4 years. Further our service metrics, customer satisfaction ratings and turnaround times are at all-time highs. The fourth pillar of our strategy is to continue our scientific innovation at reasonable and appropriate pricing. We continue to introduce new tests and collaborate with leading companies and academic institutions to provide our customers with the most scientifically advanced testing in our industry.  In women's health, we have enhanced our menu of tests for sexually transmitted diseases. Our testing from the liquid-based PAP bio now includes cervical cancer screening, HPV testing including genotyping and detection of 4 of the most commonly transmitted -- sorry, 4 of the most common sexually transmitted diseases: chlamydia, gonorrhea, herpes and trichomonas, which recently received FDA approval. CDC reports that there are over 7 million new cases of trichomonas in the United States each year. We are pleased to be one of the first labs to offer the only FDA-approved test for this treatable sexually transmitted disease.  Also to simplify specimen collection for our physicians, we are simplifying our collection devices, adding HSV 1 and 2 to the same collections swab we offer for our other molecular STD testing.  At Monogram, we have launched the first in a series of HCV drug resistance assays that have been developed to support the clinical evaluation of HCV direct-acting antiviral agents and their effective use in the management of HCV infection. Identification of certain mutations may be important for the long-term drug treatment strategy. These tests add to LabCorp's industry leading suite of HCV testing.  The fifth pillar of our strategy is to consider alternative delivery models. We continue to discuss alternative models with our managed-care partners, as we believe that our healthcare system will continue to move away from traditional fee-for-service payment. Healthcare reform will likely bring changes to our payor mix and reimbursement systems, and our goal in serving our customers will always be to provide the highest value for each dollar of laboratory spent. In summary, we are pleased with our second quarter performance and remain optimistic about our position in an ever-changing healthcare system. As the most efficient and highest-quality provider in the laboratory industry, we believe our services will be increasingly in-demand through the era of healthcare reform. We are excited about the opportunities ahead and remain focused on executing our Five Pillar Strategy to enhance shareholder value.  Now, Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Stephen Anderson: Thank you, Dave. Can you update us on the status of the Hunter Labs settlement? As previously announced, to avoid the uncertainty in costs associated with the prolonged litigation, the company has reached an agreement in principle with the State of California and the qui tam relators to settle the Hunter Labs litigation. The settlement in principle provides that LabCorp will pay $49.5 million without an admission of liability to the State of California and qui tam plaintiffs to resolve all claims against LabCorp. As a result of the agreement in principle, the company recorded a pre-tax charge of $34.5 million, $20.7 million of which is after-tax. The settlement is subject to completion of a settlement agreement accessible to all parties. The Medi-Cal program continues to reimburse LabCorp for services rendered. Why are you not adjusting your guidance higher given your performance? Our guidance encompasses a wide range of potential outcomes, and we are only halfway through 2011. We continue to note that the diluted share counts in analyst estimates differ considerably from our own and from each other. It appears to us that many of the components of the First Call estimates include future share repurchase and our guidance does not. Furthermore, in reviewing the analyst models, we continue to believe the seasonality of our business is not captured within many of the published estimates. We have previously noted that the fourth quarter tends to be the lowest quarter from a revenue and earnings perspective due to seasonality, weather and holidays. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? In the second quarter, approximately 40% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. As we reiterated last quarter, our new goal is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 45% of our revenue within the next 3 to 5 years.  Do recent acquisitions and other uses of cash limit your ability to repurchase shares or act upon other acquisition opportunities? We repurchased approximately $325.5 million of our shares in the first half of 2011 and have $408.5 million of authorization remaining under our previously approved share repurchase program. While we do not comment specifically on share repurchase, we have been a consistent buyer of our shares. We do not believe we are precluded from making acquisitions as usual or from pursuing our strategic goals. Can you remind us of how drugs of abuse volume trended during the year? In the quarter, our drugs of abuse volume increased approximately 8% year-over-year. That compares to a year-over-year increase of 14% in Q1 of 2011, 12% in Q4 of 2010, 13.9% in Q3 of 2010 and 15.4% in Q2 of 2010.  Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David King: Thank you, Steve. Thank you very much for listening, we are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bill Bonello from RBC.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just first, a couple of housekeeping questions. Can you tell us where the restructuring charges that are excluded from the adjusted EPS show up in the income statement? You talked about some of them, but not all of them in the footnotes.
William Hayes: This is Brad, 18.3% appears in the income statement that's in the press release. That's the combination of the severance and facility-related restructuring charges. And Hunter Labs' settlement and the Orchid legal cost are part of the SG&A.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I see. I'm sorry, so the 18.3% rate is broken out separately. What a stupid question. Maybe my second one is just as dumb. Organic volume growth, is that truly organic or does that include tuck-in acquisitions?
David King: It's Dave. The approximately 2% organic growth is truly organic. So it's everything -- it's all acquisitions backed down.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: That is helpful. And then I want to make sure I understand the margin impact of the acquisitions. And tell me if I'm thinking about this right. I mean, if I just take second quarter revenue and I add 180 basis points to operating margin and tax effect, that's $0.15, which would say if you could get these acquisitions up to corporate averages, there's close to $0.60 of earnings power from these deals. Am I thinking about that correctly?
William Hayes: Bill, this is Brad again. Haven't worked through the math exactly that way, but it's hard to find problem with the logic. I mean, I think we've been in the past clear about what Westcliff was doing, and we've recently started to integrate that business given the clearance that we received. Still very early in the Genzyme process. But absolutely, if all things being equal in our business, we should see that start to be upside.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy from William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Just a question on Genzyme. Obviously, that business is doing well. I'm just curious, I think you've talked in the past about some sort of cross-selling opportunities between the 2 business lines. Have you seen any benefit from that at this point? And then also, just a question on sort of your plans of branding for that business going forward.
David King: Amanda, it's Dave. Yes, I think the cross-selling efforts have been quite successful. The Genzyme reps have been very much in demand in terms of introducing new testing into existing LabCorp customers. And as we've mentioned on the call, yes, we've been able to internalize a lot of the testing to Genzyme we're sending out so that the Genzyme customers basically have one-stop shopping for services that they were ordering from other laboratories. I think as we progress with the IT integration and particularly the rollout, the national rollout of Beacon order entry, this will be a further enhancement because it will allow all our physicians to order all of the various LabCorp services from one platform. So you'll be able to order DIANON, order Genzyme, order LabCorp, order Esoterix from one Web portal as opposed to having to use multiple methods of order entry. On the branding, we have the right under the purchase agreement to continue to use the Genzyme Genetics brand for a certain period of time, and we're engaged in a review of all of our brands at this point. The Genzyme Genetics brand, Esoterix, DIANON, US LABS, we have a lot of brands as a result of our historical growth by acquisition. And I expect that by the end of this year, we'll have a good deal more clarity in terms of where our long-term branding strategy will be going.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And then just switching topics to insourcing for a minute. I noticed that you're not breaking out the histology piece anymore, but just curious if you can provide some perspective on -- it seems like that, for you guys had been, I guess, improving or the growth -- rate had been slowing. Are you still seeing that dynamic?
David King: I think you're always hesitant to say that you're on the bottom because we don't know. But the trend of insourcing absolutely has leveled off in our business. We're just not seeing the kind of insourcing that we were last year and the year before. Our histology volumes, we actually had little year-over-year growth, which we are happy to see and an improvement sequentially. So the challenge with insourcing is that as you get through a wave of one set of physicians insourcing, other physicians start at least exploring the behavior, if not imitating it. And so, I think we're kind of at the -- we've weathered the major part of the storm and we feel pretty good about where we are.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: That's helpful. And then just kind of a question, I guess, pretty high level, but given the sizable PBM transaction announced this morning, that combined and you will have 1/3 -- access to 1/3 of the prescription drugs out there. I'm just curious as lab testing becomes more and more important part of therapeutic and healthcare provided medicine, if you will, how do you kind of envision the lab working together with the PBMs and other players in the healthcare, sort of, value chain.
David King: Well, we have a terrific relationship with both Express Scripts and Medco, and we admire both of those companies and their leadership a lot. We've had a long-standing pharmacogenomic project with Medco around several double drugs and associated diagnostic tests, Tamoxifen, Abacavir, and we've actually been expanding that program. So I think that you'll continue to see a tighter link between utilization between drug utilization, particularly expensive drugs, particularly oncology drugs and what I would describe as gatekeeper-type lab testing. So before some of these drugs can be prescribed, a diagnostic test would be required to assess either safety or efficacy. I think as the -- as we see consolidation in PBMs, this will only increase the momentum because the goal of the PBM industry obviously is to make the provision of therapeutics both more efficient and more cost effective, and the labs will have a significant part in that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein from Barclays.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Dave, maybe just get your point of view in terms of, I mean -- so the 2% organic volume growth is a pretty good number in the current environment, very strong relative to the peers. I think I'm just curious to get your thoughts in terms of what's going on. I mean, do you guys assume you're taking market share with that type of growth rate? So just -- how do you think about the 2% relative to the industry?
David King: A couple of things, Adam, it's Dave. I think the 2% is a very strong performance given to reiterate what we said in the press release, what we perceive to be some mounting headwinds on the economic front. I mean, we're not seeing the unemployment rate come down in any significant way. We're not seeing a lot of job creation in the private sector. We're not seeing a lot of increasing enrollment in managed care plans. And as the IMS data suggests, they're directional but nevertheless, they're out there. Utilization in a number of physician specialty areas seems to have declined from 1Q to 2Q. So I think the 2% is a very strong performance, and we're very pleased with it. I'm always reluctant to claim that we're taking share or that somebody else is losing share or that we're performing better than the industry. What I would say is a lot of the investments that we have been making in our business and continue to make in our business in IT, in logistics, in automation, in efficiency are manifesting themselves in the marketplace through better service, improvements in quality, better turnaround time, more satisfied customers and I think that's what you're seeing. I think what you're seeing is as other peers have essentially reduced investment in their business as a result of the economic headwinds and we've continued to invest, our metrics are improving. And as a result of our metrics improving, we're becoming the lab of choice.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: And then, I guess, the second question would just be, so with Genzyme you guys have laid out expectations for us at the time the deal closed. Would you say it's running better than what you anticipated or it is running in line? How should we think about the integration thus far?
David King: I think in terms of the integration, we're doing very well. In terms of the financial performance, I'd say we're doing a little better than our expectation. The one thing we have not seen yet is the impact on managed care pricing that we had talked about earlier on. And as a result of negotiations and contractual discussions, I think we've done a good job in demonstrating the value proposition of Genzyme, but as we get into the second half of the year, we'll see a little bit of that compression. And that's going to have an impact on overall performance. Nevertheless, financially, I'm very happy with where we are, customer retention, very happy with where we are and in terms of what we outlined to improve the cost structure, I think we're doing very well.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay, and then just a final question for me is just with everything going on in Washington, clearly a lot of moving parts, but just curious to get your thoughts in terms of what we're hearing about cuts for labs and we've talked about this copayment every couple of years, but certainly, just curious to see how you guys are thinking about that and any thoughts?
David King: Yes, obviously the situation is very fluid and literally changes by the hour. I mean, what I would say is, we at LabCorp and I think we as an industry continue to be adamantly opposed to this idea of a copay or co-insurance. And way back at the time of debt-rupt [ph], there was 20% LabCorp insurance and we made an agreement with the government that in exchange for taking a significantly lower fee schedule, the copay would be eliminated. So that was the deal that we made, and that is the deal that we have had for more than 20 years. If you look at the clinical laboratory fee schedule update from 1995 to 2011, we have had cumulative, now this is not average, this is a cumulative update of 7.7% and we have agreed over the next 4 years to take a 1.75% cut per year plus a productivity adjustment to offset the CPI as the laboratory industry's contribution to healthcare reform. Contrast that with, in that same period, inpatient hospitals are cumulatively up 51.4%, outpatient hospitals cumulatively up 35.6%, physicians cumulatively up 27.9%, DNE [ph] cumulatively up 13.6%. So we've received less than half of the cumulative updates of other healthcare providers. We've agreed to take a reduction. And to me, imposing a copay and just the government saying we got savings by shifting costs on to senior citizens and private lab companies would really be an unconscionable outcome. So as you could tell, Adam, I have some very strong feelings about this, and I think they're shared throughout the industry. The consequences of a copay on smaller labs and particularly those who serve nursing homes and indigent populations would be catastrophic. And -- so I'm hopeful that politicians will see that this would just not be from a financial or a policy perspective, a good long-term solution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG: David, I just wanted to go back to sort of your comments on the sort of mounting economic headwinds. We've obviously seen better results on the volume side over the last several quarters, and I think the hope had been that kind of the worst was behind when we think about sort of the last couple of years. So I guess maybe it'd help to just put sort of the mounting economic headwinds that you talked about in the context of -- maybe what you're seeing, what you're thinking going ahead, is there -- has your mindset changed a little bit as we move through the quarter? And maybe it'd be helpful -- I know you don't typically do this, but did the progression of the volumes moving through the quarter sort of change your views as you've seen things fall off at all?
David King: Well, I think talking about the progression of volumes in the quarter is not helpful to anybody because it's just a -- what was yesterday as opposed to how are we doing cumulatively. And cumulatively, at 2% organic growth and close to 5% total growth, I think we've from a volume perspective, I think we had a terrific quarter. Obviously, you can look at the numbers and see that the rate of volume growth on a year-over-year basis trended down a little bit this quarter. You can also see that physician office visits, according to the IMS data, trended down a little bit this quarter and at least if you believe the June data, trended down very dramatically in June. But our basic outlook remains the same and remains what it has been, which is that I think we are through the worst of it. I think that part of the impact that you always see in the first part of the year is, as private insurance patients are working through copays and deductibles, you'll see impacts on utilizations. So we're not changing our perspective or our outlook for the balance of the year. And as I've said for months, if not quarters, we expect the volume trend to basically continue as it has been since 4Q of 2010 and don't see anything dramatic happening there.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then just in terms of some contracts. Obviously, last year, you got yourself into the Empire contract. Any update from what you're seeing there? And then, maybe any update on Horizon and when a decision could be made?
David King: Well, Horizon goes through December of this year and we continue to be in discussions with the plan and are hopeful that a decision will be sooner rather than later. A lot of that is -- obviously, is not in our hands. But I think we have a very good partnership with Horizon. I think we've had a very constructive and productive relationship over the course of the contract and feel good about where we are. On Empire, we're seeing significant volume gains there, so I think we're starting to execute the opportunity and much improved over where we were in 4Q, and we just need to continue the momentum.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG: And then just my last one. Any greater interest from managed care around -- trying to get more volumes sort of out of the hospitals into some of the independent labs? Any increased discussion there or interest from them on that front?
David King: Well, there was an analyst note that highlighted some of the disparities in payment, which I think caught the attention of some managed care companies and validated a lot of what we've been saying historically. So I think there's a greater degree of attention. On the other hand, the same considerations remain, which are the managed care companies' broader relationships with the hospitals and their need for other services from the hospitals. So I think there's a sharpened focus on it. And I also think what we'll start to see in 2012 is we'll start to see some pilot programs by managed care companies in various markets to see if there are ways that they can influence hospital utilization and moving work out of the hospitals.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich from Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: So I wanted to just go back to Steve Anderson's prepared remarks around the seasonality topic. And obviously, you've driven that point home a lot in the last couple of quarters just from a modeling and guidance perspective. Now I guess, from the analyst perspective, my own at least, one of the things that we're trying to reconcile is that the progress that you're making from an integration standpoint and you've obviously called out 180 basis points of margin impact in this quarter alone. I guess, maybe, Brad, if you can just help us think about that in the context of how the rest of the year progresses. There's been a lot of integration activities. We can see it in the severance charges, et cetera. So will some of that activity just not show up in the second half of the year or does the managed care pricing that you've referenced from Genzyme more or less offset some of that? Can you just help us think about it a little bit more in the context of what, normally, we understand in the seasonality?
William Hayes: Right. Here's what I think about it. Most of the things that you mentioned were in our original thinking for the year. So there's nothing in the back half of the year at this point that's any different than we thought going in. So we're comfortable at the midpoint of our guidance, but we look out at what's out there and everything is higher. And Steve also pointed out in his comments that it seems to be, in my detailed review this last quarter, the operating metrics were very close, but the share count was what was the difference. And so when we compare what those expectations are to what our own models suggest, it pops out in the fourth quarter. And the fourth quarter of kind of the average of what's out there is maybe slightly higher than the third quarter, which if we look back over time, is just something that is not achievable in terms of reality, taking out some things that have happened in the past in the UnitedHealthcare contract year announcement and some other acquisitions, or things of that nature. So that's really the basis of Steve's comments and the way we think about the rest of the year.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: That's really helpful. And then if I could, just on the triggering of the conversion rates, I know you laid that out as 900,000 incremental shares. Can you just maybe remind us or clarify on a year-to-date basis and then any reasonable assumption or estimate that you might have post Q2 in terms of the impact of that on the share count?
William Hayes: Right. Well, one thing to consider is, those numbers are already in the share count when it comes to fully diluted EPS. So from the beginning of that security, that's always been in there. So it's really just an exchange between outstanding and that line item in the reconciliation of shares to diluted shares. But it's really not an impact on the EPS that we report.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Got it, okay. And then, Dave, your comment, I just want to go back to around Genzyme. You said limited attrition, and I think you are referencing either revenue or clients, I'm not sure. If you could just clarify. But maybe just compare that to the last couple of quarters where, I think you were saying there wasn't really much attrition at all. And is there any real change at all with regard to attrition?
David King: Darren, no. No change, just different words, but our customer retention has been extremely high and we're very pleased about it. Nothing has changed between first and second quarter here.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, and I guess my last question just would be on the Medco relationship. And you've highlighted it a lot in the past. Can you maybe just frame for us how significant that relationship is at this point? And I don't think there's anything to read into the security of that relationship if anything gets bigger, but can we put that in the context or some financial context for the company at this point?
David King: Yes, it is not material to any of our numbers. So the hope would be, over time and particularly with the -- assuming that this transaction gets approved, that with the combined power of the 2 entities that it does become material, but at present it's not -- you wouldn't see it show up anywhere that would make a meaningful difference in the numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich from Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies: A lot of my questions have been answered but I do have a few more. Dave, just going back to the 2% organic growth, which is a very good number relative to some of the competition in the industry. Do you actually think the industry is growing at this point? Or is that all market share gains?
David King: Kevin, that's a hard question to answer. I do think the industry is growing. I think for all the reasons we've articulated: demographics, new test offerings, better understanding of utilization of test by physicians, I do think the market is growing. At the same time, obviously they're -- the peer comparisons suggest that we may be growing faster than the industry, and we feel great about that. But I don't think we're in a declining industry at all. I think there is great -- I mean, the Medco relationship, which hopefully will become the Medco Express relationship as that transaction proceeds, is one of many examples where there's a tremendous opportunity for diagnostics to grow in the system, and at the same time, contributes to reductions of overall healthcare expense. So I think the industry is in a terrific position for growth.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay. That's helpful. And then thinking about expectations going forward, do you think 2% can hold up? I mean, we all look at IMS physician offices' the data, which might not be the greatest data points. So I'm just wondering what your view is on that correlation between physician offices' data and volumes? And also United a few days ago indicated utilization trends are expected to increase in the back half of the year. I think that actually had commercially covered lives increase by about 0.25 million, I think. So how does that play out relative to your business?
David King: Do I think a number in the neighborhood of 2% is sustainable for the rest of the year? Absolutely. Will it be exactly 2% in the third and fourth quarter? Can't say that. That's -- we just can't -- we don't have that level of visibility, but a number in that neighborhood, yes, that is sustainable. United's suggestion that utilization will increase in the second half of the year, it's welcome news that people think that utilization, and particularly physical office visits, would increase because diagnostics and lab testing, obviously, are a key component of not only how we treat sick people, but how we keep people well and how we improve people's health. So that's -- it's encouraging to hear. Obviously, it conflicts a little bit with the data that we, at least, are seeing from IMS. But we're -- I'm not telling you anything you don't know. It's a very bumpy economic time. And I think from our perspective, we're going to continue to invest in the business as we have been, we're going to continue to execute on the key initiatives and I think we're well positioned to continue to grow.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies: I understand. Okay. And then a couple of days ago, the Institute of Medicine came out with their recommendations for women's health preventive screening, including HPV testing. Have you had a chance to look at that, and what sort of impact do you think that'll have on the Lab business? It should be good, right?
David King: I have not had a chance to look at it. I think -- so -- I mean, I think any recommendations that would suggest that we should be increasing the use of diagnostics for screening for diseases like cervical cancer would be beneficial to the labs and again, I think as a matter of sound policy, going back to what I said about the copay, would you rather discourage people from getting screening by imposing copayments on tests and pay for the cost of acute care for cervical cancer later on. And I realize that past screening is not a key Medicare test, but from a policy perspective the point is, if you discourage people with copayments and beneficiary obstacles from getting screened diabetes, cardiovascular disease, then what you're going to end up doing in the long run is paying more for acute care.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies: Got it. And then when you issued your guidance originally this year, did you guys know that EmblemHealth's recent plan was going to terminate its agreement with Monogram and also Genzyme Genetics?
David King: I don't think we knew that. I believe that is a -- let me say that the termination of Monogram and Genzyme Genetics by Emblem has nothing to do with their performance or with LabCorp's performance. My understanding is that is a health plan that has an exclusive contract with Quest and that when those entities were acquired by LabCorp, they are contractually obligated to terminate us for their contact with Quest. So it's not a reflection on the performance of Monogram or the performance of Genzyme in any fashion. I don't think our guidance incorporated that, but I also don't think it's -- that the impact, the financial impact there is material enough to impact the guidance one way or the other.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies: Got it. And then just one last question for Brad. In your prepared remarks, you stated acquisitions not completed was a 120 basis point drag on margins.
William Hayes: 180.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies: 180. Does that -- was that only or could somewhere kill what hasn't been closed or...
William Hayes: No, that wouldn't be impacting it, Kevin. It's just that Genzyme and LabWest or a Westcliff.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. [Audio Gap]
Operator: Tom, you're line is open. You may proceed with your question.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: A lot of question have been answered, appreciate all the detail, just sort of 2 follow-ups, I guess. That 2% organic growth, as you sort of think about the country and the markets, is it fairly evenly spread? Maybe can you identify anything that maybe unique in one market versus another? I know it's hard to understand market share, but maybe thinking about it that way could be helpful?
David King: Yes, we really can't break it down. It's -- we don't see any market regional differences.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Okay. So pretty consistent?
David King: Yes.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: And then you obviously are talking about the macro environment. What about smaller deals? You've been very successful over the years sort of doing the tuck-in type deals, which I think can be pretty helpful over time. Are those types of labs maybe any more willing to sell, any more desperate to sell, to use a different term? And sort of do you think that environment maybe has been more compelling than it has been or sort of status quo?
David King: I think the acquisition environment continues to be attractive. There are lots of opportunities in the market. As you know, we try to be very disciplined about the deals that we do and particularly the fold-in deals. But we will continue to be active in that market and to look for opportunities. As we've said, to execute on the first pillar, which is to enhance both our geographic and our -- geographic footprint and our test menu.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor from Citi.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: A couple of questions. Is there any material difference in that organic revenue, organic volume growth between commercial and Medicare? Anything you can comment on?
William Hayes: No, nothing that we see.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Okay. Another question for Dave. I was intrigued by a comment you made earlier in the call, just about health plans interested at exploring, or I guess fee-for-service kind of going away and health plans interested in exploring alternative payment arrangements. Maybe I'm not quoting you properly, but could you add a little color around what's happening there?
David King: Sure, and I don't mean to suggest that fee-for-service payments are going away or are going away anytime soon, because that gets sort of the standard payment model. But if you look at everything from accountable key organization rules to bundled payments to many of the things that are on tap in the CMS innovations center, I mean, everybody is trying to look at ways to make the delivery of healthcare more cost-effective and improved quality. I saw a write up yesterday about one insurance managed care plan that is proposing premium differentials based on whether patients are willing to accept a menu of what they describe as high-quality, lower cost hospitals, and if patients are willing to -- if the insurers are willing to accept that menu of hospitals, then they pay a lower premium than people who want to be able to go to any hospital that they want. So in my view, the point is we're going to see a lot of pilot programs, we're going to see a lot of efforts to move away from a per-procedure basis for the payment of healthcare services, and move more toward whether it's bundled payments, whether it's episodes of care, whether it's a flat rate to take care of the patient for the whole year. These are the things that are going to be tried out, and obviously we need to be engaged with our managed care partners and with the government as well in a way that these ideas are being thought about to make sure number one, that the value of lab services is recognized and how much we contribute to effective healthcare and high-quality lower cost healthcare; and second, to make sure our interests are protected so that we don't end up being financially compromised by something like a bundled payment or an ACO system.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Great. And I guess, it's not obvious that, historically, when you've had capitated contracts that the value of diagnostics was recognized, so is there a new way to bridge that gap or was capitation really a California-specific heavy managed care situation and it's going to be viewed differently? I guess my concern is, can you get the commercial guys to recognize that value under an alternative payment model? And I guess capitation's the best example we have of one and the rates are materially lower.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen please standby. [Technical Difficulty]
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: We were getting a little theoretical there. I just had one more quick question. How much of your Commercial business renews just annually evergreen?
David King: I don't know the answer to that off the top of my head. We probably have 3,000 different managed care contracts and the vast majority of them renew annually. But obviously, when you look at -- in terms of size, the sizable plans, United, WellPoint, CIGNA, Horizon, the top payers are on fixed-term contracts that renew at periodic dates.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: All right. So I guess, I'm just trying to think about -- when is kind of the next year where you've got, say, 20% of your fixed contract renewals coming due? Is that right about 2014 or is it even later than that?
David King: I hesitate to go with the 20% number only because is it revenue or number of contracts. The big renewal year for us is going to be 2013. As we've said, that's the year WellPoint and CIGNA are the major renewals. So that's the next year where we'll have a couple of sizable contracts up for renewal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley.
Claire Diesen - Morgan Stanley: This is Claire Diesen actually, filling in for Ricky. Thanks for taking the questions. Just have a couple of quick questions for you. First, I was just wondering if you could provide a little bit more information on the phasing in the Genzyme business coming under your managed care contracts. I know you mentioned we might start to see some impacts on the second half of the year. Is this something you could roughly quantify in terms of what percent of business might be coming out of these contracts and what the impact on your pricing metric might be?
David King: Almost all of the business is already under our managed care contracts and any pricing or financial impact is already quantified in the guidance that we've provided.
Claire Diesen - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then lastly, not to be a dead horse here, but obviously the 2% organic growth is really impressive. Could you say anything more in terms of what you're doing to achieve this? Is it increased sales and marketing? Are you taking share or are your customers taking share?
David King: Well, I think, obviously we provided a good deal of commentary on this. First of all, we've talked for a considerable number of quarters about the investments that we're making in the business, the investments in increasing our geographic footprint, whether it's through acquisitions or through opening new service centers, the investments in improving physician and patient experience through IT, through improvement of throughput in our patient service centers, through simplification of our practices, through automation in our laboratories to improve turnaround times and throughput. So my view is, what we've done is we've set out a clear set of initiatives. We've executed well on those initiatives, and we're now seeing the benefit of those initiatives, which is that our service metrics are better than they've ever been, our customer satisfaction is better than it's ever been. And what we need to do is to continue to invest in the business and execute the initiatives that we have underway, and I think we'll continue to see positive results.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dane Leone from Macquarie.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: I just wanted to ask, I think last quarter, you said that the Women's Health business is an area of core growth, and there's been impressive rollout of products and what you highlight this quarter. I was just curious, given a more challenging macro environment, how did Women's Health specifically do this quarter, I guess, maybe fundamentally and then in terms of some market share gains?
David King: It's very hard to quantify or think about market share gains. It's just -- I think in terms of the way we look at the business, Women's Health grew in the quarter, which is good. Yes, obviously we're happy with that. There is continuing fluctuation in path volumes, which we've talked about for better than a year now and the path trend drives a lot of the women's health trend. But overall, we're very pleased with the progress in Women's Health. And again one of the key initiatives there is to simplify collection. The collection devices make it easier for physicians to do business with us and for us to provide high-quality results to the physicians and the customers.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then just out of curiosity, in terms of the Clearstone acquisition, could this be an entre into more of a clinical testing model in Asia?
David King: I think it's too early to tell. We need to understand those markets and the goal -- the specific goal on Clearstone was to serve the needs of the pharma companies and the CROs who send us laboratory business by having laboratories in China, where there are very complex restrictions on being able to move blood or other human specimens out of the country and also the market presence in Singapore because it is a hub for clinical trials, lab testing for all of South Asia. So we will look at that, but it's way too early to reach a conclusion on whether that will be an entry point in the long term or not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan.
Gavin Weiss - JP Morgan Chase & Co: This is actually Gavin Weiss sitting in for Lisa. I just wonder if you could give us any additional details on the Orchid transaction and the FTC increase.
David King: We really can't give much more in the way of details. We did receive a second request from the FTC. We have responded to that request. We are cooperating with the FTC and desire to see this transaction concluded because we think it would be beneficial not only to LabCorp and Orchid employees, but also to LabCorp and Orchid customers and we hope to get it resolved promptly.
Gavin Weiss - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes. And then CMS held its public meetings on the 2012 Medicare payment rates for new codes this week. Is that material to you guys, and can you provide us with any outlook on how those meetings went?
David King: My understanding is that the major topic of the public meetings was the molecular CPT coding initiative, and I believe that CMS made the determination as to molecular codes that will be placed on the clinical lab fee schedule and that the decision on coding and payment has been deferred for a year, at least a year, so at least into 2012. So generally, we view that as a positive outcome. That's a very complex process, both the coding and the setting of the payment rates. And I think it's commendable that CMS has decided not to rush into any decisions there. I think generally the lab community views are well regarded at CMS, and they listen to our input, and we're hopeful that we'll continue to have a collaborative working relationship with them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello from RBC.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I guess I just wanted to one more time follow up on one of the guidance questions and maybe ask the question that Darren asked, slightly differently in terms of seasonal progression and then just get clarification on something Brad said. So if I look at last year and I just view the exact same split of EPS between the first half and the back half of the year then -- and put that onto this year, EPS would be at $6.42. And maybe you got about $0.05 from share repurchase last year, so take that out and you're still at the very high end of the guidance. Was there anything unusual about the progression of earnings in 2010?
William Hayes: Bill, not that I recall. And I'm looking at just specifically to the Q3, Q4 comment. $1.47 in Q3 and $1.34 in Q4. Are we tracking the same numbers?
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Yes, I think so. I don't know. I just -- I did -- literally, I just took your adjusted EPS for what you said it was for 2010 and what you said it was for the first half of the year and did the math.
William Hayes: Yes, and I've done that same math, and I get that we did 49.7% in the first half of '10 to the total. 51.5% in '09, 51.7% in '08, and 50.6% so far this year, so I don't think it's materially different in terms of a progression, and I go back to -- just to reiterate what we said, operationally when I look at what's out there, we're very close. It all comes down to shares and we'll see where it's off if it's Q4.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: No, that's fine. And then just on the other thing, that the stocks have dropped like a rock when you made a comment that you were comfortable with the midpoint of the guidance, and I'm glad you're comfortable there. But I just want to make sure that we weren't supposed to read anything more into that. I mean, you're comfortable with the whole range of the guidance, I would hope.
William Hayes: That's exactly right. It is to pick some point to answer the question on.
Operator: At this time, you have no further questions. I would like to now hand the call back over to Mr. David King for closing remarks. Thank you.
David King: Thank you very much. We thank you all for joining us on our second quarter earnings call, and hope you have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for your participation in today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Anderson - Director of Investor Relations David King - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President William Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Shelley Gnall-Sazenski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG Dane Leone - Macquarie Research Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Kemp Dolliver - Avondale Partners, LLC Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Robert Willoughby Brian Zimmerman Brendan Strong - Barclays Capital Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
David King: Okay, well, so first of all, we said 3 to 5 years on the 45% from esoteric. Second of all, on the particular test within the esoteric category, yes, clearly, some of them like vitamin D are slowing on a year-over-year basis because you're off of the much higher base. Some of them like IL28B are growing dramatically on a year-over-year basis again because you're off the small base. So there's a lot -- this is why it's important for us to continue to bring new tests to market, particularly new tests that are reasonably priced in the esoteric category so that -- and again, vitamin D is still growing but it's not growing as fast year-to-year because you're off of a bigger base. But as growth slows in those areas, we can replace it with growth in other testing. As to gross margins, obviously gross margins were dragged by the acquisitions this quarter but if you actually look at gross margin perspective, I think over the -- probably last couple of years, gross margin has actually been improving as the efficiency initiatives have taken hold. So there isn't any reason why gross margin should go down over time. It should improve.
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up. It comes from the line of Bill Bonello with RBC.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Hey, thanks a lot for taking my follow-up. It's kind of a 2 biscuit morning here. I am wondering, Gen-Probe yesterday announced that it received FDA approval for its trich test. Is that something that you could anticipate seeing some pretty substantial demand for, I mean, where we could kind of think about physicians who are checking the box for chlamydia and gonorrhea, going ahead and check in the box for trich.
David King: As you know, Bill, and I appreciate the fact that you're talking about checking different boxes because as you know, we feel quite strongly about the need not to jam these things together in a way that it encourages odd ordering pattern. So I think the answer to your question is it's an option that we will offer. I do think that there will be a good deal of physician interest in the test. And my belief is that we have been offering the test in some form already as number of other labs. But certainly, the fact that Gen-Probe got the approval should bring some further focus to physicians on appropriate utilization.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And then the investment that you wrote off in the quarter, care to tell us what that was?
David King: So that's 2 follow-up questions. So now, it must be a 3 biscuit morning, and no, the only thing we're going to say about it is we periodically make investments and ideas that we think are interesting, opportunistic and strategic and have the potential to work out well for us. This was an opportunity that was interesting and opportunistic and strategic and did not work out well for us. In my recollection, in my 10 years at LabCorp, it's the first time that we've sort of had anything like this. It just was not successful, but I view it purely as a onetime event and not something that there's a risk of repetition.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And then a final, at risk of being until I get 18 biscuit morning, the CPT coding initiative. I know in the past, you guys have sort of indicated, you're not really worried about it, but I continue to get a lot of questions from investors about it. I'm hoping you can give us some more rationale for why you're not really worried about it. Is it just you look at and you say, gosh, we're hard-pressed to see that rates would actually come down or is it more of when we add up the amount of revenue we get from stack coding, it's just not that much?
David King: Okay, this is a complex question so let me try to address the various component parts of it. First of all, there's developed this kind of idea that somehow stack coding is a bad thing and that could not be more inaccurate because the way -- CPT stands for Current Procedural Terminology and the P is Procedure and so we build by procedure. So if we perform in a particular molecular test, if we perform a particular procedure like a DNA amplification 20x, then it is absolutely appropriate to bill 20 units of DNA amplification and bill 20 to that CPT code. There's nothing wrong with what "code stacking".  However, what has been pointed out to the lab industry is a couple of things. One, there are some labs that use CPT coding to generate and the way that they code their tests to generate higher revenue for testing than other labs. And this is a concern because you can look at -- as we were showing in a meeting one time, you can look at 4 different labs billing Medicare for the same test with 4 completely different sets of CPT codes. And so there is a concern that coding in general and it's not code stacking, it's just coding in general, can be used in a way that maximizes reimbursement. And we don't do that and, obviously, we do not support it.  The other thing that is a concern is, there's very little transparency in what the payer sees from a CPT coding perspective. So they look at, to go back to my example, 20 units of DNA amplification and they don't know what they're buying. They don't know if that's a cystic fibrosis test. They don't know if it's fragile X. They don't know what the test is. And so there has been a push for greater transparency in coding, which has led to the idea that we should have a single code for highly-utilized molecular test like cystic fibrosis and fragile X and some others.  And we support transparency in coding and billing and obviously, that's a laudatory goal. So the reasons that, in our view, this is not a particularly big issue is, at least at present, is first of all, this is a Medicare initiative and the amount of molecular testing, particularly in these categories like CF and fragile X that you do for Medicare, is really immaterial.  Second of all, we don't have any indication that there is any consideration of major changes to reimbursement as a result of this initiative. So nobody said, well, cystic fibrosis reimbursement is going to be dramatically cut as a result of this and usually -- and we don't know how these tests are going to be reimbursed. But our expectation is that reimbursement levels can be relatively consistent with what we've seen in the past. And that would be the fair way to handle them, the appropriate way for CMS to handle it. So I realized it's a long answer, Bill, and I'm sorry for having gone on. But I think it's important that people so really understand what's going on here, which is we do support transparency in coding. We do support payers knowing what they're paying for. We don't have a huge amount of revenue at risk and believe me, we are through ACLA and individually and our partner labs in ACLA are doing the same thing. We are going to fight to make sure that there is not a negative impact on reimbursement as a result of this initiative.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: All right, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Q&A portion of the call. I would now like to turn the presentation over to management for closing remarks.
David King: Thank you, Jeff. We appreciate your taking time to listen to our first quarter earnings call and hope you have a great day, good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2011 Laboratory Corporation of America Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jeff, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. David King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of LabCorp. Please proceed, Mr. King.
David King: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our first quarter 2011 financial results, highlight our progress on our 5-pillar strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson who has a few comments before we begin.
Stephen Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review the supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our website for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, free cash flow and adjusted operating income. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our expected financial results. These statements are based upon the current expectations and are subject to change, including based upon various important factors that could affect the company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2010 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any update to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now, Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William Hayes: Thank you, Steve. By now, you should have had a chance to review our first quarter financial results. On today's call, I'll discuss 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. First, cash flow. Our cash flow remained strong. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ending March 31, 2011, was $735.9 million, which was reduced by approximately $20 million due to delays in the Genzyme Genetics enrollment process. We expect that these delays will be resolved in due course and are reiterating our 2011 operating cash flow guidance of $900 million. We remain pleased with our cash collections. DSO increased 1 day year-over-year to 47 days at the end of March and increased sequentially by 2 days. Excluding the impact from Genzyme Genetics, DSO improved 2 days year-over-year to 44 days at the end of March and increased sequentially by 1 day. Our bad debt remained stable at 4.7%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 14.6% year-over-year in the first quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 8% of this growth. During the quarter, we achieved strong growth in revenue for requisition, which increased 8.2% year-over-year. The growth in revenue per requisition is attributable to acquisitions, rate increases, test mix shift and increases in test for requisition. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 6.5% of the growth in revenue per requisition. Total company volume increased 5.9% year-over-year during the first quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 1% of this volume growth. Esoteric volume increased approximately 11% in the quarter.  Third, margin. For the first quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 19.3% compared to 20.4% in the first quarter of 2010. Recent acquisitions that we have not yet fully integrated caused a 180-basis point drag on margin. Over time, as we integrate the businesses, we expect margins to improve. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of March, we had cash of $195.4 million and approximately $420 million available under our revolving line of credit. At the end of March, total debt was $2.2 billion, including $40 million drawn down on our revolving credit facility. During the first quarter, we repurchased approximately $265 million of stock representing approximately 2.9 million shares. At the end of March, approximately $469 million of repurchase authorization remained under our previously approved share repurchase program. This morning, we updated our 2011 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 9.5% to 11.5%; adjusted EPS, excluding amortization in the range of $6.17 to $6.32, excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after March 31, 2011; operating cash flow of approximately $900 million and capital expenditures of $140 million to $150 million. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
David King: Thank you, Brad. We are extremely pleased with our first quarter results. We generated strong revenue growth of 14.6%. Volume increased a solid 5.9% and esoteric volume increased approximately 11%. Importantly, our organic volume increased more than 3%, which reflects a continuation of the positive trends we saw beginning in the fourth quarter of 2010. Revenue per requisition remained strong, increasing 8.2%. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 6.5% of the revenue per requisition growth. Similar to last year, inclement weather negatively impacted revenue by $22 million and EPS by $0.08. Our continuing focus on optimizing our business would have resulted in operating margin expansion, excluding the impact of recent acquisitions. The impact of weather further weighed against our margins in the quarter. Excluding the impact of Genzyme Genetics, our DSO declined on a year-over-year basis to 44 days, reflecting the continued exceptional performance of our operational and billing personnel. And Genzyme Genetics had an impressive quarter, recording one of its strongest historical performances. I would now like to update you on our progress on our strategic initiatives, which are focused on providing the highest quality laboratory services at the most reasonable costs, thereby providing the highest value for each dollar of laboratory spend in the healthcare system. The first pillar of our strategy is that we deploy our cash to enhance our footprint and test menu through acquisitions and to repurchase shares. As I just mentioned, our recent major acquisition, Genzyme Genetics, is performing well. We are extremely pleased and appreciative of the skill and dedication we observe among the Genzyme Genetics personnel who are now part of our LabCorp family. Earlier this month, we announced our intended acquisition of Orchid Cellmark, an international provider of DNA testing services primarily for forensic and family relationship applications. The transaction is subject to regulatory approval and if received, we would expect it to close later in the second quarter. While not material, we expect the transaction to be neutral to GAAP earnings and slightly accretive to cash earnings in 2011. Finally, in 2010, we repurchased $337.4 million of our shares and we have repurchased approximately $265 million of our shares thus far in 2011. The second pillar of our strategy is to enhance our IT capabilities to improve physician and patient experience. We have already incorporated Genzyme Genetics' result delivery into our Beacon platform. We are also implementing Beacon order entry functionality nationally and deploying specialty modules so that healthcare professionals can order all LabCorp services and receive results through a single online portal. We are also developing and introducing the Beacon patient portal, an Android version of Beacon Mobile and the Beacon hospital edition to meet the needs of our clients and patients. The third pillar of our strategy is to continue to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services. We are continuing to improve automation in our laboratories, which allows us to lower our cost structure, increase throughput and redirect personnel to customer-facing positions. We are expanding our touch and AccuDraw order entry systems throughout our network to improve physician and patient experience. Touch is an on-screen draw tool that allows us to fully accession specimens in patient service centers reducing paperwork and labor. The fourth pillar of our strategy is to continue scientific innovation at reasonable and appropriate pricing. Adding the Genzyme Genetics scientists to our strong scientific team at LabCorp will allow us to continue to lead the industry in scientific discovery and initiatives in personalized medicine for years to come. We will continue to introduce new tests and collaborate with leading companies and academic institutions to provide our physicians and patients with the most scientifically advanced testing in our industry. In 2011 alone, we intend to bring at least 15 new tests to market in the area of women's health, genetics and oncology. The fifth pillar of our strategy is to consider alternative delivery models. We believe there will be incentives to our industry and healthcare in general to move away from traditional fee-for-service models. We will continue to work on these alternative delivery models to provide the highest value for each dollar of laboratory spend in the healthcare system. These 5 pillars will allow us to continue to execute on our foundation model, enhance customer service and patient care, provide cost-saving opportunities to the healthcare system and create value for our shareholders. In summary, we are pleased with our first quarter performance and we remain excited about the opportunities on our horizon and the strategies we employ to realize them. Now, Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Stephen Anderson: Thank you, Dave. Why are you not adjusting your guidance higher given your performance and weather? Our guidance encompasses a wide range of potential outcomes and we are only 1 quarter into 2011. That said, in reviewing the most recent analyst estimates for 2011, we continue to note that the diluted share count estimates differ considerably from our own and from each other. It appears to us that many of the components of the First Call estimates include future share repurchase and our guidance does not. We would like to remind you that our original guidance included $234 million of share repurchase that occurred in January. Finally, in reviewing the analysts' models, we do not believe that seasonality of our business is captured within many of the published estimates. We have previously noted that the fourth quarter tends to be the lowest quarter from a revenue and earnings perspective due to seasonality, weather and holidays. However, this is not currently reflected in most of the analysts' models we have reviewed. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? In the first quarter, approximately 40% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. As we mentioned on our fourth quarter call, our new goal is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 45% of our revenue within the next 3 to 5 years. Does acquiring Genzyme Genetics limit your ability to repurchase shares or act upon other acquisition opportunities? We repurchased approximately $265 million of our shares in the first quarter and have $469 million of authorization remaining under our previously approved share repurchase program. While we do not comment specifically on share repurchase, we have historically been a consistent buyer of our shares. We do not believe we are precluded from making acquisitions as usual or from pursuing our strategic goals. Can you remind us of how drugs of abuse volume trended during the year? In the quarter, our drugs of abuse volume increased approximately 14% year-over-year. That compares to a year-over-year increase of 12% in Q4 of 2010; 13.9% in Q3 of 2010; 15.4% in Q2 of 2010; and 6.8% in Q1 of 2010. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David King: Thank you, Steve. Thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bill Bonello with RBC.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Hey, thanks for taking my question. I got a follow-up on the guidance even though Steve gave some explanation of where you're at relative to where analysts are. I'm still a little puzzled. I mean, you grew EPS by more than 8% year-over-year in Q1 and at the high-end of guidance, you're looking for less than 5% growth. At the low end, you're looking for EPS of less than 2% growth. And so I appreciate the conservatism in 1 quarter doesn't make a year but I just want to make sure that I understand, if there's anything in particular you're looking at over the next 3 quarters that would make the comps more difficult than they were in the first quarter, because intuitively, if anything, it would seem like the comps would get easier as Genzyme becomes less of a drag.
David King: It's Dave. I'll start and then I'm going to let Brad give you some specific details. But let me first say that we do not see any major clouds on the horizon or bumps in the road that caused us to be concerned about the guidance. As you say, 1 quarter does not make a year and the guidance that we gave, as we always say, is intended to encompass a broad range of potential outcomes. So there's nothing out there that is a concern to us that we see coming down the road. But the quarter was in line with our internal expectations. And as Steve mentioned, the share count and the seasonality do have an impact on where we see the estimates versus what we look at internally. So with that, I'll turn it over to Brad to add some color.
William Hayes: Dave -- and I can't think of much to put on top of that, Bill, other than just to reiterate. You don't anything unusual in the model going forward. And I think our first quarter was in line with our own expectations, and as Steve said, the fourth quarter tends to be our lowest quarter in terms of revenue and earnings and we don't think that's incorporated. Also, the share repurchase in our model does not occur. So I think, again, looking at expectations externally versus our own, that is a major driver.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, that makes sense. It seems like share repurchase maybe contributed 300 basis points or something like that to the EPS growth. So just one follow up and I'll hop back in the queue. Just Quest and discuss on this call the need to make incremental investments in this business, and in particularly, in phlebotomist and patient service centers. And I'm just curious, if you're seeing anything out there in terms of sort of increased competition in terms of access to draws and in particular, if you're seeing any significant uptake, excuse me, any significant uptake in the demand for -- in office phlebotomist?
David King: Bill, it's Dave. I think if you look at our year-over-year patient service center numbers, you will see that they're probably up by a total of about 100 and most of that is due to the Westcliff acquisition. So our patient service center numbers are relatively stable and I think in terms of access for patients and access to draws, we're not seeing anything that would cause us to feel that there's an increase in competition. Obviously, it's always a very competitive business.  In terms of an office phlebotomy, that's been an area in which we have certainly seen growth over time. I would say it's relatively stable at this point. So as we've said many times, our strategy here is to use the efficiency gains that we're making in the laboratories, in the patient service centers to redeploy our personnel into customer-facing positions. So we are continuing to invest in the business. A lot of that investment goes into IT and automation and better efficiency, and that allows us to basically put more people in front of the customers without having to increase our headcount.
William Hayes: And Bill, one more thing I just wanted to add to your EPS question. I'm looking at some detail here. I mean, operationally, we definitely don't see anything unusual. I think it just goes to looking at the diluted share counts over the quarters of last year compared to our assumptions in this year. So we started off Q1 '10 with a higher share count obviously than we ended. So that the lower share count Q1 '11 drives a greater growth rate. So I think as the shares came down in '10, that's what's driving, in your question, the lower growth rate going forward in our sort of no-share repurchase guidance.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Willoughby with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert Willoughby: Hey Dave, you mentioned that Genzyme had a very impressive quarter. But I mean, year-over-year, can you give us any kind of data how it did? We know it contributed to your volume and revenues but internally, what was the performance there year-over-year for the Genzyme asset in isolation?
David King: Without making reference to specific year-over-year performance, Bob, what I would say is, from a revenue perspective, my understanding is this was the best quarter that Genzyme has recorded in its history in terms of revenue performance, and we also were pleased with the profitability of the business.
Robert Willoughby: But didn't we move to a LabCorp managed-care contracts or has that not happened? And yet I would've thought revenues would have taken a bit of a dip before rebounding.
David King: All of that is in process but it's not fully implemented. So that's part of the reason. As we get into the second half of the year, we expect to see more of that impact in both our pricing and the overall price.
Robert Willoughby: I got you. And just from a consolidation standpoint, I mean, it's early but anecdotally, can you cite any activities that have happened that have resulted in some savings?
David King: Yes. The major activities, as we said from the beginning, what we started out with was the kind of SG&A stuff. So FedEx, logistics, the overlapping personnel, for example, financial staff, which we didn't need. There has been -- we've made some move to consolidate the sales forces particularly in the Oncology business. And we continue to look at all the areas of overlap to make sure that we're moving toward optimizing the business. But as I've said from the very beginning with regard to this acquisition, the number one priority is maintaining and growing the revenue, and that's why we're really very pleased with the revenue performance this quarter. Obviously, as the revenue grows, that enhances the profitability of the business and makes it less necessary to look at operational cuts. So we're continuing to look hard at the opportunities that we have in SG&A and facilities and other overlapping areas. But at the same time, making sure that top line revenue is stable and growing is number one for us.
Robert Willoughby: And on the valuation for the Orchid deal, visionary by the way, what have you assumed for the federal and state NOLs in terms of the availability with the change of control?
William Hayes: Bob, this is Brad. Those are family limited because they're based on purchase price and go out over some amount of time. So I don't think we're getting specific on what our assumptions are related to that. But it's cash flow entirely in its benefit.
Robert Willoughby: Right, and the accessibility of those NOLs, you don't lose them in the change of control?
William Hayes: We don't lose them but they get limited. Again, I said quite a bit by purchase price and other factors in the calculation.
Robert Willoughby: And quickly on the strategy there, you said the intention to keep the Orchid facility is open or will you consolidate those revenues with your existing business?
David King: Bob, it's Dave. We've not made a final decision on that, either -- well, in the U.S. In the U.K., the intention is to keep the Orchid business essentially as is and I think it's actually the Cellmark brand over there. We're still subject to regulatory approval on the U.S. transaction and so we have not even begun to do any planning on what the businesses would look like after our close.
Robert Willoughby: Okay. And lastly, Brad, you have mentioned there would be some new disclosures this quarter. I see what's missing. What have you added? I guess, we're waiting for the queue, is that it?
William Hayes: Bob, I'm not sure exactly what you're referring to. The 8-K is filed so that has information and when the Q is filed, it will have the traditional information which has some detail around revenue, volume and revenue per requisition for our core esoteric and other businesses.
Robert Willoughby: Okay, so that is in the queue. That's all we're looking for. All right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brendan Strong with Barclays Capital.
Brendan Strong - Barclays Capital: Maybe just first, going back to the question around guidance. I mean, you've got Genzyme delivering 8% this quarter. You look at the other acquisitions that are annualizing, that's another 1.5%, 2% of revenue. You got 3% organic revenue growth this quarter. I mean, what's going to result in, I guess, revenue being below the top end of your guidance for the year?
David King: Brendan, it's Dave. I mean, I don't know what we could really say beyond what we've said already, which is that this is 1 quarter. Obviously, we're very pleased with the quarter. But 1 quarter does not make a whole year. We know that in the second half of the year, the Westcliff and DCL acquisitions will annualize starting in the third quarter. And we get 11 months of Genzyme, not 12 months of Genzyme because that deal closed in December of last year. So obviously, we're optimistic that we're going to perform well. But at the same time, we have 1 quarter under our belt and we want to be realistic in terms of the way we think about the business. And as Brad said and Steve said, the share count matters and the seasonality matters, and we don't give quarterly guidance but the numbers that are out there for the fourth quarter, just by historical basis, are not squaring with the seasonality that we see in the business.
Brendan Strong - Barclays Capital: Sure, okay. And then maybe on the Empire contract, I mean, have you guys started to -- you mentioned in the past that there was a slow ramp up there and I'm curious if you guys are starting to gain additional traction there. And then as part of that, I don't know if you have a number in your mind in terms of like what the total revenue opportunity is, not necessarily what part of it you could capture, but what the total revenue from Empire that goes to -- in a reference labs is?
David King: I don't have a number in mind in terms of the total revenue. I think my recollection is about 1.5 million members who have a lab benefit and so that's the base. We have seen a marked improvement in our Empire volumes this quarter and very pleased about that, and we expect that to continue to improve.
Brendan Strong - Barclays Capital: And just a last question on that, I mean, so it's growing off for the small base, but is it big enough that it's actually moving some of your metrics and then actually driving some of that 3% organic growth?
David King: Well, every encounter with a patient matters in terms of driving growth. So it is off the small base but at the same time, anytime you see share gains within a new contract, that's a good indication that we are getting organic growth. So it's small but it still contributes.
Brendan Strong - Barclays Capital: Fantastic. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Maybe if there's any insight into any restructuring charges throughout the remainder of the year. You guys were kind enough to give us what the charges were in the quarter, but how are you thinking about it through the remainder of the year?
William Hayes: Gary, this is Brad. I think as we continue to integrate Genzyme Genetics and some of our other acquisitions from the middle of last year, there's the possibility that you'll continue to see some other activity in that line.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. In line with kind of what it was in the first quarter or should it diminish over the period of the rest of the year?
William Hayes: I wouldn't want to go as far as estimating amount.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then just given what sounds like the strength in Genzyme, any change in your thoughts of when it might be accretive? Do you think it might be accretive a little bit sooner, so maybe towards the end of this year as opposed to into next year?
David King: Gary, it's Dave. Again, terrific quarter for Genzyme. We're very appreciative of the effort of the Genzyme leadership team starting right from the top and the sales leadership as well, all the way down to the individual employees, the sales people, the lab employees, the genetic counselors who've just done a terrific job and really put their shoulder to the wheel in terms of making this business successful. Again, I think it's too early to make a statement that it's going to be better than we thought that it would be. As we noted in response to Bob Willoughby's question, I mean, there will be some managed -- we expect that there will be some managed-care pricing implications later in the year. So I'm delighted with where we are and I have every hope that it will be better, but I don't think we're prepared to incorporate that in any of those financial metrics.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Thanks. I just have some more volume questions, if I may. I guess just a follow-up to Brendan's earlier question. If you look at the 3% organic volume growth number, is there any way to get conceptually just how much of that is really due to sort of true underlying improvement in utilization as correlated to Physician Office business versus the Empire or drugs of abuse?
David King: Amanda, it's Dave. I think you can try to slice this down to a very fine set of numbers, but I think the better way to look at it is we saw -- what I would say is we saw strength in all aspects of the business. We saw strength in esoteric, we saw strength in the core, we saw strength in Empire, we saw better volumes in OB/GYN practices that we've been seeing for the last couple of quarters. So I don't think it's -- and we saw better drugs of abuse volume. So I don't think it's necessarily easy or productive to slice every little piece apart as opposed to saying we had good volume growth, we continue the trend that we saw in the fourth quarter and we're cautiously optimistic, but that's the trend we're going to continue to see throughout the year.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay, fair enough. And I guess just trying to get you to this place a little bit more maybe. On the esoteric side of the business, that was obviously pretty strong and seemed to be strong sort of ex-Genzyme as well. Can you maybe talk, I know you're not disclosing the specific segments anymore, but maybe the histology side of the business, is that in-sourcing, still moderating as you talked to last quarter?
David King: Yes. The histology side of the business was -- we continue to see the moderation of in-sourcing. I will say we're starting to see in-sourcing now in the Dermatopathology business, which is concerning for all that reasons that we've articulated, utilization concerns, quality concerns. But the in-sourcing trend has definitely moderated from where it was a year ago, and we continue to work for legislative and regulatory resolutions to what we consider to be a matter of concern, continuing concern.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Again, I have this last one on Genzyme, again just a follow-up to your comments about their quarter. Any way to get a sense of what sort of drove that? Is it market share gains? Is it OB/GYN business coming back? Any better sense there?
David King: What drove it is a terrific effort and performance by the Genzyme leadership team and by the LabCorp leadership team in terms of the collaborative way in which we're integrating the business. What drove it is a terrific performance by the Genzyme sales reps, the Genzyme genetic counselors, the lab people. I mean, it's just -- it was a great performance. They came in to the organization energized. They've had strong leadership from the top about why it's important to retain the business and continue to be successful. We've got great leadership on the LabCorp side and collaboration in terms of the steps we've taken in the integration. So those are the real reasons. I think as I said before, it's a people effort putting their shoulder to the wheel and just doing a tremendous job.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: Thanks. A couple of things here. I guess first, the official guidance last quarter on the Genzyme deal was $0.16 to $0.26 dilution to the cash EPS. I'm wondering if somebody asked about would it be accretive, could you at least just give us a flavor for -- do you see it being less diluted or do you still see within this range? Just trying to get a little more color around that. And also, how much of the upside of the quarter really is from Genzyme versus other factors. Just trying to get -- from your sense, what were the true drivers of the upside of the quarter if you had to rank order them? Thanks.
William Hayes: And Dave said earlier, it's too early to -- while we're pleased with how things have gone today, it's too early to call. So I would say we still believe that range of $0.16 to $0.26 dilutive is the right range. On the contribution to the quarter, again, slightly better performance that we had modeled but I would not say that, that was a major contributor to the quarter that we reported.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. All right, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Crdit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG: Thanks. Just going back to the Esoteric business, I think you said it was up 11%, that's exclusive of Genzyme?
William Hayes: That's including, Ralph. It was 7%, excluding.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. All right, that's helpful. And then just in terms of Westcliff, can you give us a sense of what had been in your guidance previously and maybe kind of what's changed given the developments there?
David King: Ralph, it's Dave. My recollection is that we had expected that we would be able to integrate Westcliff, I think beginning in June. And so up until that time, I think we had assumed that we would continue to lose about $0.01 a month there and that we would basically turn breakeven kind of in the second to third -- I'm sorry, in the third to fourth quarter timeframe. So we got a little bit of a head start, but nothing is going to materially change the numbers.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. And then maybe get into the margin opportunity going forward a little bit more. Obviously, margins are depressed now just given some of the recent acquisitions. Can you give us a sense about where you think margins can go, and I don't know if you want to consider a normalized environment or once we get through some of the recent acquisitions you guys have done?
David King: I think what we've said and continue to believe is that with the foundation model, if we are growing the top line sort of in the 4% to 6% range that, that should lead to 20 basis points of margin expense and all other things being equal. So there's a lot of noise in this quarter because of Genzyme, Westcliff, DCL, weather, obviously. But to me, what's instructive here is that if you take out all the revenue and all the expense associated with the acquisitions, gross margin would have been up, operating income margin would have been up. So what that says is that kind of on 3% volume growth and 5% revenue growth, we would have achieved margin expansion, which is exactly what we state the foundation model should lead to.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG: And then just the last one, can you just get into a little more -- you talked about sort of one of the 5 pillars being sort of an alternative delivery model. Maybe just give us a little bit more details around exactly what that kind of encompasses and how to think about that?
David King: I think it encompasses a whole variety of initiatives that are out there in the marketplace. I mean, obviously, people have been -- they've been writing about pre-authorization of molecular testing and genetic testing. There's been a good deal of discussion about accountable peer organizations and what that's going to mean. There's been a fair amount of discussion about the mandatory MLRs and how managed-care companies are going to deal with the need to achieve the mandatory MLRs. So our goal is to understand all of these opportunities, work in a collaborative way with managed care and even with the government as appropriate and try to develop options that for those that want to move away from traditional fee-for-service. And I've said, these are important strategic considerations but I will say having to spent some time even studying the ACO regulations, none of this is clear or well-formulated at this point.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, and this is just a follow-up on that, I mean, in those scenarios, I'm assuming that the ultimate goal from you guys, I mean, do you see a way that you can sort of preserve and expand margins within those sort of alternative models?
David King: Yes. I mean, I think the idea is that there's the opportunity to gain volume and share over time. And with improved volume and share, again, pushed through the fixed cost base, we should see the opportunity to expand our margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci with Lazard Capital Markets.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Thank you very much. You guys have obviously done a good job on the acquisition front, pretty consistent, a couple of big ones but lots of small ones along the way. Just wondering what your outlook is there and obviously with Orchid theres some international exposure, is international any more attractive to you these days, generally speaking, or higher on the radar screen at all?
David King: Tom, it's Dave. So in terms of the domestic acquisition market, again, there are a lot of opportunities. We continue to focus on, number 1, being very disciplined and selective in what we want to buy and paying an appropriate price and multiple for it. Number 2, with Genzyme and Westcliff, we have 2 fairly sizable acquisitions that we're integrating. So the smaller acquisitions are the easier ones to integrate and you should probably expect that those are the ones that we'll focus on, that's not to say that we don't have the appetite to do something significant if it comes along, but we got a job on our plate to fully integrate those businesses and continue to make them successful and that's taking, obviously, quite a bit of management focus. So I would say, the acquisition market is attractive. There are going to be assets coming along. We're going to look hard the assets that do come along and within our pricing discipline, we're going to choose the ones that we want and likely, they will be smaller than the last couple of sizable ones that we've done.  On the international market, we have the lab in Dubai. We have the Clearstone joint venture, which gives us exposure to some international markets including China, Singapore and some other places. At this point, that's just for our Clinical Trials business but it kind of gives us a window into those markets, which I think is helpful. And I think with respect to the U.K., the opportunity that Orchid Cellmark presents in forensics is quite attractive. So what I would say about the international market is, again, don't have the expectation that we're going to do anything big in the international markets, don't have the expectation with do anything game changing. But certainly, we're going to continue to look at international opportunities and in those markets that are attractive, whether it's from a demographic perspective, whether it's from a growth perspective or whether it's from a clinical trials perspective. We will continue to participate.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Okay, that's great. And then obviously, your commentary around sort of the seasonality and the quarterly progression is pretty clear, at the risk of being a dead horse a little, but I just did want to understand one thing about Genzyme. You're not changing your sort of dilution estimates for the year, which is fair enough at this point. But I would expect that, that's -- it gets better throughout the year. And just wondering, you've got share count sort of maybe working against you if you're not assuming share repurchases. You've got seasonality working against you,  but will we expect that little less seasonality than normal given that Genzyme theoretically should be ramping up a bit over the course of the year, theres managed-care pressures but there should be some integration, too, I would think. Can you help us understand a little bit quarterly progression on Genzyme?
William Hayes: Yes, Tom, this is Brad. And you nailed all the right points in the managed-care compression we talked about a couple of times. It hasn't really started to happen yet. It happens based on different contracts at different times throughout the year. So that will bring the revenue down, and then there are integration activities that are necessary to offset that. So I wouldn't necessarily describe it as a year 1 clear ramp as the year goes on. I think in the out years, that begins to be true as the revenue impacts annualize and the integration activities continue. So no, I wouldn't think about it as a material progression throughout the year on Genzyme.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Okay, what value do we get I guess into the first part of next year, just sort of thinking out a little bit further, if you got the managed-care pressures still later this year, I guess, do you really start to see the bigger ramp later in '12 or should we be thinking about it earlier than that?
David King: Tom, it's Dave. Just one other thing I want to add to what Brad said which is, obviously, if we continue to retain the customer base and grow the revenue, then you could see better in the second half of this year than our expectation. But it's too early to tell what's going to happen there. But that remains our focus, is the top line customer growth and revenue growth. With respect to next year, assuming that either some managed-care compression that kind of starts in the second and third quarter, obviously, it will take us some time to annualize that. And so again, I wouldn't -- there's always opportunity to do better if we perform well from a revenue perspective. I wouldn't -- we have a very well-thought-out and well-planned approach on the cost perspective, and I wouldn't expect that to go any faster.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: All right. Thank you very much. We appreciate you sort of keeping the ball rolling and maybe you can beat that over time. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Zimmerman: This is Brian Zimmerman in for Darren. I was wondering if you could give us an update on what the next step with the FTC process is regarding Westcliff.
David King: Yes, Brian, it's Dave. So just to recap, there was a federal court hearing at which the federal district judge determined on the FTC request for an injunction that in his view, this was not an anti- competitive situation. And so he denied the FTC's injunction, and the Court of Appeals did not do anything to disturb that ruling. So as a result, we have basically filed a -- first of all, we filed a request to take the scheduled May administrative proceeding off the docket, which was granted by the administrative law judge and we have filed a request to dismiss the administrative case, which I think is presently under consideration. That actually has to be done by the commission. So it's their decision.
Brian Zimmerman: Okay. Any sort of time for when you expect to hear a decision from them?
David King: We don't have a timeframe on that.
Brian Zimmerman: And then could you make any comments on specific facility closings you've had with -- in regards to Genzyme Genetics?
David King: No.
Brian Zimmerman: No? Okay. And then you talked a little bit about Orchid Cellmark and some of the opportunities you saw, especially in the U.K. Can you give us some sort of an idea of how you've sized up those revenue opportunities or potential market opportunities?
David King: The biggest market opportunity is the Forensics business in the U.K., and I'm going from memory here so my recollection is that up until March of this year, the bulk of that business was handled by a government agency called the FSS. And that the FSS has basically determined that it is not going to do forensics anymore. It's going to outsource that to private companies. My recollection is that the FSS was approximately $150 million a year in revenue, and I believe that's dollars, not pounds, about $150 million a year in revenue that the Orchid Cellmark business will have the opportunity to compete for. That doesn't guarantee any business, but it gives our Orchid Cellmark the opportunity to compete for. So the revenue opportunity in the U.K. is attractive assuming that, again, we have a -- assuming we get regulatory approval for closures, a very solid management team over there. And so the U.K. opportunity is attractive and that's where we're really focused.
Brian Zimmerman: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Sorry, caught me just choking in my drink. Just a couple of questions at this point. Brad, I just wanted to make sure on the disclosure, are you -- did you suggest that all of the segment metrics that were used to having will be in the queue? I thought you had said before some of that was going to be trimmed down.
William Hayes: It will be consolidated and consistent with what was in the Q, -- the Q's and K's -- the MD&A section on how we described the revenue performance. So it does not have it exactly as it used to be 8-K's, but we think it has adequate information and we talk about it as such in our MD&A section to understand how the business is doing core versus genomic and esoteric.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Okay, I just want to make sure I understood. And the Q is not out yet, correct?
William Hayes: That's right.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: And then I think kind of the only other question, I just want to think about so I apologize. I'm not familiar with how you guys put it in the Q's and K's because we're just -- we were used to pulling it out of those 8-K's. But for example, will we be able to see the core business separately or not?
William Hayes: Yes.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Okay. So I guess, maybe the answer is just wait till the Q comes up. And I was just trying to think about the total volume to 5, 9, you said up 4.9%, excluding Genzyme and more than 3%, excluding other acquisitions and I guess I'm still trying to kind of parse it down, it looks like drugs of abuse may have added 80 bps and esoteric may have added 70 bps which will put core maybe in the 1.5% range. Am I in the ballpark or I mean...
William Hayes: One other thing to consider is that in the reported number, our loss contracts are now annualized. So that was about a point drag in the past that's no longer with us. So that's why when we take out all of those things, when Dave referenced the 3% earlier, we try to take out all of those different moving parts and then reported number out , we did get better. But the organic number taking out all the moving parts that we mentioned of just over 3% is a little bit up from Q4 of last year. And if we go back a little bit, first half of last year was very challenged, even neutralizing for all those parts, started to gain some strength in Q3 and 4 and it continued into Q1.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: So you've lost that drag and that's part of why the number looks better. And that kind of more than 3% number, what do you think that number looked like adding back to your estimate of weather impact?
William Hayes: Weather is taken into account.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Right. I know it's in there, but well that -- because you've added that back already so the real number wasn't up that much or that's the number, including the impact of the weather?
William Hayes: Well, let's go to this. Year-over-year for us, weather wasn't an issue. So in any year-over-year comps for us, we're not thinking about weather.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: So you called out $0.08 of weather. Am I thinking the wrong quarter? During this quarter, you called out $0.08 of impact from weather, but you're just saying you had a similar impact a year ago so...
William Hayes: We called out our -- our EPS was impacted $0.08 in this quarter compared to, for example, our expectations. But on a year-over-year basis, it was exactly the same.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: The weather impact was roughly the same year-over-year.
William Hayes: Yes, that's exactly right. And to revenue, it's neutral because we lost the same amount of revenue in the first quarter of last year.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Right, got it. And then finally, just still around the volumes. Regionally, is there any color that would be helpful for us to think about given that I'm sure everyone's trying to ascertain sort of where we are in the cyclical or the modest cyclical recovery we might be getting here on some of these volume metrics. Is there any regional color you have that might help us think about that?
William Hayes: No, we really saw pretty consistent performance all around the country.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Okay. That's all I have. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray.
William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies: A couple of questions, Dave. First off, as a follow-up to Amanda's question, it sounds like we have fairly well-rounded volume improvement across some of the business lines in the East, specifically called out OB/GYN. Anything else to point out here? And then secondly, can you help us take a little bit about the trend as we moved over the balance of the year here, and I guess what Im trying to get at is, did the trends that we see in the quarter were they fairly well rounded throughout the quarter or do we see some sporadic and January is crummy because of weather, and things improved in February, March, et cetera? Thanks.
David King: How many times did we say we don't give month-by-month guidance. You guys keep trying, so I got to give you credit for persistence.
William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies: I'll take it.
David King: So the answer is that, obviously, there was severe weather in a couple of months, January and February, that has an impact on the overall quarter. However, the trend was pretty consistent and we're not going to break it down month-by-month, because the minute we start doing that, then you're going to want it week-by-week or day-by-day. So it was a consistent performance in terms of volume during the quarter. As I've mentioned, it was consistent across the business lines. We didn't see any area of great strength or great weakness.  Obviously, esoteric did well. Some of that was helped by Genzyme, some of that was just helped by good growth in several lines of esoteric testing. And what I would say, Bill, is the trend in 1Q was very consistent with what we saw in 4Q of 2010, and our guidance assumes that the trend is not going to get measurably better throughout the year and it assumes it's not going to be measurably worse. So it assumes that the trend is going to be relatively the same from a volume perspective throughout the year. And that -- again, we would love to do better, and if we see recovery in things like commercial managed-care lives and job creation, it's conceivable we could do better, but we're not building any of that into our expectations.
William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies: Great. Thanks for the color. And then, Brad, I guess it's a risk of getting too granular on the fourth quarter organic number. You mentioned, obviously, it was lower than the 3%. In the first quarter, about 2%, is that the right way to think about it?
William Hayes: In the fourth quarter of '11 or '10?
William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies: Fourth quarter of '10.
William Hayes: I think we said 2.7%.
William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies: I've got it. Must have missed that. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kemp Dolliver with Avondale Partners.
Kemp Dolliver - Avondale Partners, LLC: Your competitor yesterday in discussing Q1 volumes felt that there was an extra business day in the quarter around the timing of the New Year's holiday. Is that a factor in your thought process regarding how much we should extrapolate Q1's performance?
William Hayes: Kemp, this is Brad. Not a factor for us. Our days were the same in the first quarter of this year versus the last. You may ask, how can that be? All days are not created equal and we weight our days based on strength and when we add that up to the first quarter of this year versus last, we see the same number.
Kemp Dolliver - Avondale Partners, LLC: Okay, fair enough. And everything else is covered. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: I have a couple of questions. The first one on the pricing side, just to confirm. I think you've mentioned in the prepared comments that Genzyme accounted for 6.5% of the growth. So should we think about the base business or the core growth of about 1.7%? And are there any moving parts in that number that we should normalize for?
William Hayes: Ricky, this is Brad. You're right on the math of what the base business is. No moving parts to normalize for other than I would say that back to the volume questions, we did annualize the loss of the lower-priced contracts. So while in the past, that's been a detractor from volume and an aid to price on a year-over-year basis. Now, it's not as much a detractor from the volume number and it's actually showing up as a negative in price. So other than that -- and again, we've annualized that. Other than that, can't think of anything that acquisitions were the largest impact by far.
David King: Ricky, this is Dave. The only thing you should factor into your thinking there is because of growth in drugs of abuse testing, which obviously has a lower price point, that's going to be a bit of a damper on our overall pricing curve.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And can you quantify the impact of drugs of abuse or should we add up to that 1.7 number?
David King: We don't quantify in terms of the price impact. I think Steve, in the prepared remarks did go over the volume impact.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Right, okay. And then just to clarify on Genzyme, based on what you kind of expect today, what percent of Genzyme revenues or volumes, whatever you're comfortable with, do you expect will be under the LabCorp managed-care contract pricing umbrella by the end of the year?
David King: It's really too early to tell. These are ongoing discussions with the managed-care plans and we just don't have a way of making a prediction there.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Is this really the key swing factor to quantify the guidance, to quantify feeding guidance versus you coming in line?
William Hayes: As a swing factor, I wouldn't call it the swing factor because, obviously, we've built in some assumptions into our expectations.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then just one follow-up question on the OB/GYN. I might have missed it early on. Can you just talk about a trend that you're seeing there and kind of like a specific growth forecast for the women's health test like HPV?
David King: I think what we said is that we did see improvement in our volumes coming from OB/GYN offices in this quarter both year-over-year and sequentially. And so that obviously led to some overall improvement in our Women's Health portfolio. As you know, we don't break down growth in specific tests, so HPV continues to grow on a year-over-year and a sequential basis. And there is, nevertheless, still more opportunity there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dane Leone with Macquarie.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Thanks for taking the questions. Congratulations on the quarter. Can you just remind me if there's any larger contracts coming to you in 2011 that could need to be renegotiated outside of Genzyme Genetics discussions?
David King: It's Dave. I think what we've said is that the Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield Plan in New Jersey does come up in this year. Those discussions are obviously underway. Other than that, we don't have any sizable contracts in 2011.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Okay, great. Thank you. And just quickly on additional efficiency programs are scheduled for the rest of 2011. Are there any outside of just the acquisition-related integrations?
David King: Acquisition-related integrations and as we mentioned at the beginning, the continued implementation of the AccuDraw and the touch systems moving from patient service centers into in-office phlebotomy and also to the doctors' office through the Beacon platform. So those are probably the key initiatives in terms of our efficiency programs.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Okay, great. Thank you. I think everything else has been covered.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shelley Gnall with Goldman Sachs.
Shelley Gnall-Sazenski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Hey, thank you. Just going back one more time to the esoteric, the organic esoteric testing growth of around 7%. Is it fair to say that, that's largely market share capture or are you seeing an improvement in underlying demand?
David King: Shelley, it's Dave. I just think it's too hard to -- I don't think we have any way of answering that question. So I couldn't -- I really couldn't give you a good assessment but, obviously, we're pleased with the growth there in whatever form it's coming.
Shelley Gnall-Sazenski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Is it fair to say that it's still a challenging environment and we're not back to the sort of pre-2008 underlying demand environment for either routine or esoteric? Were still in a pressured environment? Is that fair to say?
David King: I think the environment has clearly improved in the last 2 quarters. We're not back to where we were. I mean, obviously, if you look at the newspaper and you see the unemployment numbers and you see the Standard & Poor's view of the government stat and all the other factors out there, I mean, we're not in a robust period of economic growth. So sure, there are still challenges out there but we have a couple of quarters of what we think are pretty good, at least pretty good trends in terms of utilization and growth.
Shelley Gnall-Sazenski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, great. And then on the pre-employment drugs screening, which is clearly in double-digit territory, what is the margin on that business relative to your -- with the rest of your book of business?
David King: Again, very hard to talk about the margin by business line in our business. The Drugs of Abuse business uses most of the existing infrastructure for the core business. So they use -- it uses the patient service centers, it uses the logistics and transportation. But on the other side of that, it doesn't fully bare the cost of the SG&A function or it bares its own S function. But it doesn't fully bare the cost of the G&A function. It doesn't bare the cost of the corporate resources. It doesn't bare the expenses of the divisional, their utilization of patient service centers or careers. So I just prefer to think of it overall as the incremental margin on just about everything that comes in the door is very good whether it's drugs of abuse testing, esoteric testing or core testing.
Shelley Gnall-Sazenski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: It makes sense, okay. I think just a last one on FDA regulation, the lab developed test, I think we're still expecting to hear something. Do you have any guidance on where we might hear something from the FDA?
David King: I was at a meeting yesterday with Dr. Gutierrez presented -- his statement was that it is his hope that there will be something from the FDA by the end of the year. However, there is no certainty of that. And when he put up his slide about the next steps, he commented that it was the same slide that he has been putting up for at least two years. So I would say we know that FDA's thinking is they would like to get something out this year. Whether that will happen is really anybody's guess.
Shelley Gnall-Sazenski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tony Vendetti with Maxim Group.
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC: Yes, thanks. I know that you're not giving out the exact word phrases of the genomic and esoteric test. But some have been growing pretty rapidly and I guess the question is when do you expect the growth for things like HPV and vitamin D to slow in terms of year-over-year growth? And then on the goal of getting to 45% of your revenues from genomic and esoteric testing, did you give -- I didn't catch if you gave the timeframe of when you expect to get to 45%. And then lastly on gross margins, is the gross margin that you're at today, you think that's a stable number and if it's going to vary in any material way, why so?

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Anderson - Director of Investor Relations David King - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President William Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Shelley Gnall-Sazenski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank Kemp Dolliver - Avondale Partners, LLC Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Robert Willoughby Anthony Vendetti Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2010 Laboratory Corporation of America Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chantale, and I will be your facilitator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn this presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. David P. King, Chairman and CEO of LabCorp. Please proceed, sir.
David King: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to LabCorp's 2010 fourth quarter conference call. Joining me today for LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2010 financial results, highlight our progress on our 2010 key strategic initiatives, discuss our 2011 priorities and provide answers to several frequently asked questions.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson who has a few comments before we begin.
Stephen Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and the Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information.  Additionally, we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our website, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EPS, adjusted EPS excluding amortization, free cash flow and adjusted operating income. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These forward-looking statements include, among other statements, about our expected financial results. These statements are based upon current expectations, and are subject to change, including based upon various important factors that could affect the company's financial results.  Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2009 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any update for these for forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now, Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William Hayes: Thank you, Steve. By now, you should've had a chance to review our fourth quarter and year-end financial results, which include the financial results of Genzyme Genetics for the month of December. On today's call, I will discuss four key measures of our financial performance: Cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. First, cash flow. Our cash flow remains strong. Free cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2010, was $757.5 million compared to $747.7 million in 2009, both net of transition payments to UnitedHealthcare.  We remain pleased with our cash collections. Excluding the impact from Genzyme Genetics, DSO improved one day year-over-year to 43 days at the end of December and declined sequentially by one day from the third quarter. As a result of our success in cash collections, we are lowering our bad debt rate to 4.7%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 11.2% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 3% of this growth. During the quarter, we achieved strong growth in revenue per requisition which increased 7.3% year-over-year.  The growth in revenue per requisition is attributable to acquisitions, rate increases, test mix shift and increases in test per requisition. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 2.5% of the growth in revenue per requisition.  Total company volume increased 3.6% year-over-year during the quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 0.3% of this volume growth. The contract losses in 2009 that we have previously discussed reduced volume by 1%. Esoteric volume increased 5.5% in the quarter.  Third, margin. For the fourth quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 19.5% compared to 19.1% in the fourth quarter of 2009. Recent acquisitions that we have not yet fully integrated caused a 150-basis-point drag on margin.  Fourth, liquidity. We remain well-capitalized. At the end of December, we had cash of $230.7 million and approximately $460 million available under our revolving line of credit. At the end of December, total debt was $2.2 billion.  During the fourth quarter, we did not repurchase any shares of our stock due to the closing of the Genzyme Genetics acquisition. During January 2011, we completed our previously approved share repurchase program, buying back approximately $234.2 million of stock, representing approximately 2.6 million shares. Before we review our 2011 guidance, I'd like to note that beginning with our first quarter results, we intend to modify our adjusted EPS to exclude intangible amortization associated with our acquisitions. As we continue to grow the business through acquisitions, we will begin using earnings, excluding amortization, as a measure of operational performance, growth and shareholder returns.  We believe adjusting EPS for this amortization will provide investors with better insight into the operating performance of our business. If we had made this adjustment for the fourth quarter of 2010 and 2009, adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, would have been $1.46 compared to $1.26 for the fourth quarter of 2009, and $5.98 for the full year 2010 compared to $5.24 for 2009. For the full year 2011, excluding intangible amortization, will increase our adjusted EPS by approximately $0.50. This adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, will be the measure we request First Call to use in compiling 2011 consensus EPS estimates.  As such, to ensure comparability, we are requesting research analysts to also provide estimates on this basis. We will provide reconciliation tables in future earnings releases so that investors can clearly see the adjustments we will make. This morning, we announced 2011 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 9.5% to 11.5%; adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, in the range of $6.12 to $6.32, excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity under the new share repurchase program announced today; operating cash flow of approximately $900 million in capital expenditures in the range of $140 million to $150 million.  We anticipate that Genzyme Genetics will contribute approximately 6% to revenue growth. We estimate that the Genzyme Genetics acquisition will be $0.25 to $0.35 diluted in 2011. Excluding amortization, that EPS dilution will be $0.16 to $0.26, primarily attributable to interest expense.  However, we expect the transaction to be slightly accretive to operating cash flow in year one, excluding transaction costs such as legal and advisory fees and restructuring costs. Due to the normal post-acquisition enrollment process for government payers and the contract assignment process for managed care payers, the company will experience delays in billing for services rendered by Genzyme Genetics.  Cash collections, receivable agings and DSO in the first quarter of 2011 will be negatively impacted by these delays. The company expects the delays to be resolved in due course and the related billing and collections will be brought up-to-date during the second quarter of 2011. Finally, beginning in the first quarter of 2011, we will no longer provide the test and payer mix slides within our quarterly 8-K filings, which can be found on Slides 7 and 8 of our 8-K filing this morning.  I will now turn the call over to Dave.
David King: Thank you, Brad. We are very pleased with our fourth quarter and 2010 results, and I would like to begin by highlighting our accomplishments over the last year.  We did a great job growing the business in 2010. We grew revenue 6.6%, adjusted EPS of 13.5% and achieved the goal of coming in at the top of our guidance. We accomplished this with both organic and acquisition-driven growth.  In the third and fourth quarters, we saw increases in volume from our core business, reflecting our continued effort to sell more effectively. The organic growth we achieved in the second half of the year positions us well to continue the positive volume trend in 2011.  We made significant acquisitions in key markets. DCL in Indiana, WestCliff in California, and Genzyme Genetics in esoteric testing. Genzyme was the crown jewel of our acquisitions this year, but our M&A team overall had a terrific year. We gained entry to the Empire BlueCross BlueShield plan in New York, which is the largest plan in the New York metro area by membership. This has been a long-standing goal for the company and provides us with a solid growth opportunity in the New York metropolitan area. We launched the LabCorp Beacon product. Customers can now receive results from all LabCorp brands, including DIANON U.S. labs and Esoterix, through the Beacon portal. We have over 4,500 customers using Beacon for delivery of results and the number is growing weekly. We also released the Beacon Mobile iPhone app to meet the needs of our clients. We improved our efficiency and realized our plan 2010 cost savings. We completed the Sysmex hematology automation project, the largest laboratory automation project ever undertaken in the United States.  We implemented touch accessioning in nearly 400 Patient Service Centers and are processing more than 23,000 accessions per day with this system. Touch is an on-screen draw tool that allows us to fully accession specimens in Patient Service Centers, reducing paperwork and labor.  We also implemented online appointment scheduling in our AccuDraw specimen collection tool in all patient service centers. We continued the consolidation of our billing resources and the implementation of lean processes. The billing team's accomplishments with strong support from the operating divisions were impressive. We reduced our billing footprint from 24 to 13 locations, and opened our new building facility in Greensboro, North Carolina. We reduced bad debt significantly despite a difficult economy. We excelled in scientific innovation in 2010. LabCorp became the only national laboratory to offer IL28B testing for responsiveness to interferon and hepatitis C patients. Hepatitis C infects an estimated 4 million people in the United States and 170 million worldwide.  We introduced five other new assays for Monogram alone, including GenoSure, a lower cost, faster genotypic resistance assay that uses Monogram's algorithm to correlate HIV genotype and phenotype.  Our scientists also offered over 100 abstracts for presentation at scientific meetings and over 65 peer review journal publications.  These are terrific achievements, and it is gratifying that the market took notice of our success. Our share price was up 17.5%, creating nearly $1.5 billion in additional shareholder value. We intend to continue this record of achievement in 2011. Our key strategic goals are: First, use our free cash flow to make strategic acquisitions that will enhance our test menu and expand our geographic footprint; second, improve our ability to provide actionable information rather than simply lab data; third, continue to optimize our business so that we remain the lowest cost and most efficient provider; and fourth, bring innovation to the market at reasonable prices. Specifically in 2011, we will integrate DCL, Genzyme, and assuming success in the FTC matter, WestCliff into LabCorp operations and make other acquisitions that meet our strategic criteria. We will implement Beacon order entry functionality nationally so doctors can order all LabCorp services and receive results through a single online portal.  We will incorporate Genzyme Genetics order entry and result delivery into the Beacon product. We will also develop and introduce the Beacon patient portal and the Beacon hospital addition to meet the needs of our clients and patients. We will continue to implement touch in Patient Service Centers and begin using touch within office phlebotomists and in physician offices, with the goal of continuing to improve the physician and patient experience.  We will implement voice-activated appointment scheduling, so those who do not wish to use computers can schedule an appointment without a live operator. We will explore collecting demographics in advance of patient encounters so that we can further expedite the blood-drawing process and improve the patient experience. In 2010, we began a 110,000 square-foot addition to our Powell Center for Esoteric Testing in Burlington, North Carolina. When we complete this project in 2011, we will have a state-of-the-art facility to continue our leadership and development and performance for esoteric testing. We will continue innovation such as our virology report, a copulation of data that we recently released regarding infectious disease testing in the United States. It is without peer in the field of virology. The report will assist clinicians, scientists and public health officials in understanding infectious diseases and treating patients optimally.  We already have three major new tests planned for Monogram alone in the first half of 2011, V3 genotype for viral tropism, HER2 adding p95 Herceptin-resistance marker, and GenoSure MG plus a genotypic HIV-resistance assay that includes protease, RT and integrase genes. In summary, we are very pleased with our fourth quarter and full year performance, and we are proud of our progress on our key strategic initiatives. We remain optimistic about the growth opportunities ahead, and we are focused on the operating and financial objectives that will allow us to realize them. Now Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Stephen Anderson: Thank you, Dave. Your guidance appears below consensus. Is this the case? Our guidance encompasses a wide range of potential outcomes. That said, in reviewing the most recent analyst estimates for 2011, we note that the diluted share count estimates differ considerably from our own and from each other. It appears to us that many of the components of the First Call estimates include future share repurchase and our guidance does not. Furthermore, the appreciation of our share price during the fourth quarter has increased the number of equivalent shares used for calculating diluted EPS. Also, we believe a number of analysts have modeled less dilution from Genzyme Genetics than our guidance includes. How has the recent severe weather impacted your business? We have experienced severe weather in many areas of the country thus far in 2011, which has negatively impacted our volumes. However, our guidance issued today does not include any reduction in EPS due to the impact of severe weather. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? In the fourth quarter, approximately 37% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. We have previously stated that our goal over the next three to five years was to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 40% of revenue. The acquisition of Genzyme Genetics will allow us to achieve this goal in the first quarter of 2011. Our new goal is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 45% of our revenue within the next three to five years. Does acquiring Genzyme Genetics limit your ability to repurchase shares or act upon other acquisition opportunities? Again, I would observe that we repurchased $234.2 million worth of our shares last month and received a new $500 million authorization from our board. While we do not comment specifically on share repurchase, we have historically been a consistent buyer of our shares. We do not believe we are precluded from making acquisitions as usual or from pursuing our strategic goals. Can you remind us of how drugs of abuse volume trended during the year? In the quarter, our drugs of abuse volume increased approximately 12% year-over-year. That compares to a year-over-year increase of 13.9% in Q3 of 2010, 15.4% in Q2 of 2010, 6.8% in Q1 of 2010 and a year-over-year decrease of 6.5% in Q4 of 2009. Why are you removing the payer and test mix slides from your 8-K filings? We believe this information has been used to our detriment competitively. The relevant information in these slides can be found in our 10-Q and 10-K filings. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David King: Thank you, Steve. Thank you, all, very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein of Barclays Capital.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: I guess, Dave, maybe just a good starting point is the core volume growth looked very good. So maybe just talk about some of the drivers there. Just curious how much of an impact Empire had in the quarter, and just want to get some color in terms of the acquisitions in terms of the impact there as well.
David King: Probably the major drivers of core volume growth, as Steve pointed out, were improvement again in drugs of abuse testing year-over-year. We did have benefit from the acquisitions, as we called out Genzyme Genetics, was, from a volume perspective, not significant, but we did have benefit from WestCliff and DCL. We continue to see good strength in vitamin D. We saw better year-over-year performance in some of the women's health testing, Pap, HPV, some other things that as we've mentioned before had trailed in the first three quarters. So generally, across-the-board improvement. On Empire, I would say our performance improved in the fourth quarter versus where it was in the third quarter, and we still have ways to go in terms of achieving full execution of our goals for Empire volume. But we saw a sequential improvement in Empire volumes, which we're pleased about.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: So would you say that you think that the market growth rate has picked up slightly or stabilized? I guess throughout 2010, there was a lot of noise just about over market growth and you guys did a good job of growing in terms of taking market share. But do you believe the actual market growth rate is stable or maybe growing slightly?
David King: I think it's definitely stabilized and it looks like in the fourth quarter, we did start to see some growth in some areas, as I've mentioned before in response to specific questions, about volume increasers and decreasers. Vitamin D growth has been slowing throughout the year, which has an impact on overall volume but, also, on the esoteric testing. The other thing I had mentioned was that we had seen year-over-year noticeable decline in Paps. And what that means is when Paps decline, the reflex testing for Paps decline as well. So what we started to see in the fourth quarter was some better year-over-year Pap volumes, and that also helps with HPV volumes and volumes of other testing that are being done related to or concurrent with Paps. We're seeing growth in other esoteric areas although, again, very small base with things like IL28B. So I mean, I think, Adam, the market is stable and starting to grow again. And I think as long as there is some sense of economic optimism, we'll see similar optimism in the market here.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: It's just that now that you guys have owned Genzyme for a couple of months, I guess, just any new thoughts, any new things you have learned, so just any update. I mean, you guys spent a lot of time going through the opportunity in the earnings impact previously, but I guess just wanted to just get an update as you're thinking about that opportunity.
David King: We have a month under our belt, and what I would say is that what we're seeing, I think is very much what we expected. There is a terrific group of Genzyme employees, really from top to bottom, from management to pathologists to reproductive health specialists to genetic counselors to lab techs. And we're very pleased with that, and we're very pleased with retention of those employees. We think they're happy to be part of the LabCorp family, and we're certainly happy to have them. The revenue numbers for December, we were pleased with. They came in where we expected them to, which means we didn't see a lot of customer attrition, which is terrific. And the expenses were no surprise. We knew that the expense base in Genzyme was higher than we wanted to be. We have work to do there. But I would say all in all, the integration has gone very smoothly, it's a tribute to a lot of people on both sides. There was an enormous effort from our HR people and Genzyme HR people to get all the Genzyme people enrolled in our benefit programs and on our payroll systems in a very short period of time. There has been a great effort by the Genzyme employees to harmonize their work practices, their ordering patterns, the pilots and use of the PSCs. It's been a great, I think, welcome from the LabCorp side of the additional capabilities. So all in all, I'm very pleased with where we are. And I think it's going to improve in years two and three and the years beyond to be a tremendous acquisition and very positive in terms of the cash generated and the earnings power.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello of RBC Capital Markets.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: A couple of questions, mostly guidance related. But first of all, can you give us any sense of how much dilution there was from Genzyme in the fourth quarter from an EPS standpoint?
William Hayes: I'm not going to answer the question specifically, Bill, because then we're going to have to answer that question every single quarter. I will tell you it was exactly what we expected it to be, and it is consistent. It is exactly consistent with what we've said about 2011, which is that it would annualize to a $0.16 to $0.26 dilution, not including the amortization.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: So all in, if I sort of take the $0.25 to $0.35 and divide it by 12, I'm going to get close?
David King: It's going to be right in the neighborhood.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then I haven't adjusted my math for that, but if I look at the guidance, I mean, it would sort of seem to imply that the foundation model you've talked about, you don't expect to necessarily hold in 2011. And I'm just doing the math, and if I add back the Genzyme dilution, it seems like the midpoint of guidance is about 7.5% EPS growth, which seems considerably lower than what you typically talk about in terms of 10% at least. And so I'm just curious if you have any comments on that.
David King: So here's how I do the math, and I'll just run through the numbers and show you why I think that it implies 10% EPS growth. So we start with adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, for 2010 of 598, and I put 10% growth on top of that and that gets me to 658. I take off $0.26 for Genzyme dilution and I take off $0.10 for the difference in share count between the consensus estimates and our estimates, because there's a 5 million share difference between our share count and the share count that's being shown in the models. So 658 minus 36 gets me to 622, which is right smack in the middle of the guidance range. So I think this implies 10% EPS growth ex-Genzyme and, using the current share count, I think it implies 10% growth. It does not include share repurchase. You're going to ask me this, so I'm going to say right away, yes, it does include the dilution from Genzyme at the high end of the $0.16 to $0.26 rather than in the mid-range. So if we do better, obviously, we have opportunity there. And basically, it's exactly what we have said would happen in 2011 and in 2012. We've said Genzyme will be accretive, and so we'll go back to making up this dilution, plus our 10% growth. So I don't think the foundation model is broken. I think the foundation model works, and I think this is very consistent with the foundation model.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And I guess when you think about your 10% sort of normalized growth, that does assume some leverage on the share count. So that helps a little bit. And then just the last question on the guidance, but does it assume continued dilution from WestCliff at this point, or you not want to parse it to that level?
David King: Well, I can't resist the opportunity to say that guidance encompasses a wide range of outcomes. But having said that, it basically assumes that WestCliff -- I think it assumes that for the full year, WestCliff is sort of slightly diluted for the first half, as it has been. And then the FTC matter gets resolved and it becomes neutral to maybe slightly accretive in the last quarter. So all in, WestCliff, I don't think is material one way or the other.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert Willoughby: Dave, you're trying to help us understand the operations with the move to cash earnings, but you're then eliminating the disclosure on the payer and test mix that Brad cited. I mean, how are the -- this was really the relevant operating metrics that you've disclosed for over a decade, I guess. Why does this happen concurrently?
David King: We've talked for a long time, Bob, about eliminating the payer and test mix disclosure because we do feel that it has been used to our competitive detriment. It's been used by competitors in pricing negotiations. It's been used with accounts to say, "Look, LabCorp's Histology business is down, and it must mean they're not good at Histology." We're the only ones who provide this level of detail on our disclosure. You won't find it in anybody else's disclosure. And so I don't see why we should continue to provide information in that level of detail that we feel is a competitive detriment at this point.
Robert Willoughby: It brings up two questions. Would you provide it on an annual basis, which I think your competitor does. And then secondarily, how do you propose we monitor your progress with the Genzyme? Because that was one area that I thought the disclosure would help us understand how well you're doing on that front.
William Hayes: Bob, this is Brad. In each 10-Q in our MD&A section, we talk about, at a high level, the esoteric versus the routine testing both on revenue and I think volume as well. So there's going to be some disclosures that we've done historically that will continue. And then in each K, there is some further disclosure about our payer mix. So we think there are some very relevant disclosure that's been there that will continue to be there on those two metrics. As it relates to Genzyme, I think our general comments about our results as we move forward will be the best way to understand those as opposed to what you would see in the schedules that we're eliminating.
David King: Bob, obviously, we've always prided ourselves on the transparency of our disclosures, and we'll continue to disclose everything that our competitors disclose and probably more. With Genzyme, I mean, as you saw in this quarter, we did call out the impact on volume, we called out the impact on price, and we called out the impact on revenues. So we're not trying to keep it a secret. We'll be very clear in what Genzyme's contribution is from a revenue perspective, from a margin perspective. And those are questions that we will not have any problem answering.
Robert Willoughby: Well I guess it gets more challenging to the sense you remain active on the acquisition front. I mean, that's where the uncertainty, I think, will stem from going forward. So I don't know how you'll break it out in the future as incremental deals do happen, but that would be a concern from our end. I guess another question, Dave, with the move to cash earnings, how do you anticipate senior management's incentive compensation metrics will then change? Will you be paid on a cash earnings metric? And if so, how are you guys going to be held accountable for some of the premiums you're paying for these deals?
David King: So yes, we will. The adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, will be the measure of our performance. It will be the measure of company operating performance. It will be the measure of our incentive compensation. It will be the measure all of our competition because it will be the measure of our compensation, for our bonus compensation for EPS and all the other metrics. And in terms of the prices for deals, this is one of those things where, I think, we have a record historically of paying very reasonable prices for transactions, where we have, I think, demonstrated that we are responsible in the way that we deploy our capital and spend our cash. And that's not going to change. This is something that has been -- the adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, has been something that our shareholders and our investors have been encouraging us to do, to give a clearer view into the earnings power and the performance of the business. It's something that as we continued to acquire, it's a growing expense and it's a non-cash expense. And so it's not going to change the way we look at acquisitions. It's simply going to change the way we report earnings to our investors, analysts and shareholders.
Robert Willoughby: But, Dave, that's very difficult for us to get our arms around, because I am certainly acutely aware of my own metrics that I need to hit. If you can meet a compensation goal by making that extra acquisition to get you above some cash earnings number, isn't that a conflict for you?
David King: Well, the issue in my mind is for acquisitions to get you above a cash earnings number, they still have to earn. When you acquire revenue that's not earning, you actually don't improve your cash earnings. Whether you exclude the amortization or not, they still have to be earning money. And part of the impact, obviously, in next year's guidance is that WestCliff and Genzyme have not historically been earning money, or have not been earning as much money as they should earn given our models. So no, going out and just doing acquisitions for the sake of doing acquisitions may help you grow revenue, but it doesn't help you grow earnings. So that's why we focus on doing acquisitions that are going to be accretive to earnings in the near and long term.
Robert Willoughby: But it's the premium that you would pay for some of these deals that the market is ultimately going to hold you accountable for. Some moderate return on invested capital metric we'll incorporate that metric, it sounds like you folks will not going forward. So I think there will be a challenge somewhere down the line with that for you.
David King: Well I think the market should hold us accountable, and we welcome the market holding us accountable, because we should be held accountable for the deals we do and our performance. So we welcome that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci of Lazard Capital.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: First, I guess, the implied revenue guidance is more like 3.5% to 5.5%, excluding Genzyme, if I heard your numbers correctly. Wondering if you could break that down any further, I don't know, price, volume, or do you assume some other small deals in there over time?
David King: Tom, it's Dave. I think you're right about the implied guidance. We don't break down price versus volume. And yes, our revenue guidance always includes the impact of some small fold-in deals, but not material to top line growth.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Not material to the overall number? I mean, you're talking about like 1% to 2% of the growth number? Or I'm just trying to get what you really think the underlying market growth, even if you don't want to get into sort of price and volume specifically.
David King: The fold-in acquisitions are not a material part of the 3.5% to 5.5%.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: And then what about for the quarter? I think in response to Adam earlier, you talked about the drug testing being strong and WestCliff and DCL adding to volume. Can you sort of frame that for us, as well, so we can again sort of try and get the underlying market condition?
William Hayes: Hey, Tom, this is Brad. And this is consistent with our discussion in the third quarter, and I think in the first half of the year too. Because we have some of the acquisitions that you mentioned, the drugs of abuse testing business growth, as well as contract losses, which we've been very consistent in talking about, there's an analysis that we do where we take away all that, all those items, and look at what I would call the underlying growth rate. Now it does not capture every acquisition, but certainly the big ones that you've mentioned. We've seen that growth. That growth was around flat, and this is on a volume basis, in the first half of the year; improved to about 1% in the third quarter; and up to about 2.7% in the fourth quarter. So we have seen throughout the year 2010 an improvement in that sort of organic, if you will, volume growth rate.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: So that was just excluding the drug testing, the bigger acquisitions and the contract losses?
William Hayes: That's correct.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: And then I just wanted to make sure I was clear. You said there were some weather, but you said that your guidance doesn't really have an EPS impact from weather. So I'm assuming that's just to date it's been immaterial to your earnings. Is that what you were trying to say?
David King: No, we're talking about 2011 weather. We're talking about what's occurred so far. And when we give our guidance, we don't -- our guidance is based on our outlook at the beginning of the year and how we think as the foundation model works. And so I don't think we should sort of adjust our guidance midstream in the middle of the month of January or in the beginning in the month of February, because we saw some weather. Our guidance does not take the weather into account. But if the weather has an impact on our first quarter results, which we expect that it will given the severity, then we'll tell you when we report the first quarter what the weather impact was.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: I guess, given one difficult month behind us, would you care to at least frame at all sort of what the impact has been from a volume or top line standpoint at least?
David King: The weather was very tough in January. And it definitely had a noticeable impact on our results. But we're not going to talk about January numbers, because we know what will happen if we start going down that path.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: You got asked about what your expectations were for WestCliff sort of within the numbers. Can you just update us more broadly there on sort of some of the nuances in the process and how we can monitor that going forward?
David King: Yes. There was an evidentiary hearing in front of a federal judge last week on the FTC's request for a continued injunction. So there was a temporary restraining order that was granted on the papers back in December. The judge held a full scale evidentiary hearing. He listened to our view. He listened to the FTC's view. He listened to witnesses. And we are expecting a decision on whether the preliminary injunction will be continued, when the preliminary injunction will be issued when the judge decides. We hope that will be soon. In the meantime, we have a administrative proceeding coming up in May in front of an FTC administrative judge, which will be the FTC's opportunity to present its view of the case on the merits and our opportunity to present our view of the case on the merits. So the nearest term thing that will happen, we expect, will be a decision from the federal district judge in California about the preliminary injunction. And again, that will be when the judge decides, but we hope it will be fairly soon.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Well not to assume, but to make sure we're okay in our thoughts, nothing new or different that's been brought up from the government's perspective that's changed your views at all on your situation?
David King: No, nothing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Kevin Ellich of Collins Stewart.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market: Just going back to WestCliff, if the completion of the deal continues to be held up, Dave, will there be a tipping point when you decide to just walk away and it's not worth it?
David King: Well, it's hard for me to see how that would be the case, Kevin, for a couple of reasons. First of all, on the merits of this transaction, I do not believe there is any anticompetitive effect. I'm scratching my head about how it could be perceived that increasing our market presence in a state where we've historically been significantly underrepresented could be viewed as anticompetitive. So I think we're going to walk away from the legal argument. And from a practical standpoint, WestCliff is a good asset. It's a good laboratory. It has a good patient service center network. It's something that we want to complete the acquisition of. And we hope we'll find a way to do that, either through the litigation process or through some negotiated resolution with the FTC. But I can't see anything that would cause us to walk away from this deal.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market: And then just going into the revenue details, since we're soon to not get this information. It looks like genomic testing was down in the quarter a little bit. Just wondering if there's anything behind that. And then the other moving part was the managed care fee-for-service increased sequentially. Was that all driven through the acquisitions?
William Hayes: Kevin, this is Brad. I think on the genomic testing, that growth rate was -- if you look at the same numbers on a volume perspective, 6.9% in the third quarter and 5.5% in the fourth. So there's a little deceleration of the growth rate there. As we look behind that, I think vitamin D, as Dave mentioned earlier, is still a good grower for us, but it's not growing at the same rate that it has been historically. Also, Genzyme is in the payer mix schedules. So I think that's what you're seeing on the managed care portion of that business, because Genzyme had a more than our average share of managed care business that's driving the payer mix. And then Genzyme is helping a little bit back to the genomic volume, but not very much. Again, Genzyme does not show much in our volume metrics but it's more driven by price given the nature of the type of testing there.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market: And then actually since I've got you, looking at the P&L, other expense was a little bit higher than expected, and then JV income was down. Anything going on with those two line items?
William Hayes: On the JV income line, one of our joint ventures had a non-recurring expense in the fourth quarter. So we know what that is. It's not anything that concerns us on a go-forward basis. And when you say other expense, I'm not exactly understanding what line you mean there.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market: The other income expense line.
William Hayes: No, nothing. That doesn't look like a very material change at all. So nothing there that we're concerned about.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market: And then the gross margin was also -- I guess, it was more or less flat year-over-year, but it was down sequentially. Is that seasonality or is it also acquisition-related?
William Hayes: Both. But yes, I would say that apps and acquisitions, we would expect that. And the acquisitions have made it even tougher. So I think the compare back to the fourth quarter of last year is the best compare and flat despite the acquisitions. So back to what's going on in the base business, we definitely think there's improvement in the base business on some of these metrics. But the acquisitions, Genzyme and WestCliff, that we've talked about several times in this call, are creating challenges in those margins.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market: Dave, strategically, I'm just wondering what's next for the company. Obviously, the integration of Genzyme is still at the forefront and completion of WestCliff, but are there regional pockets within the country you want to expand in, are there certain managed care contracts that you want to get into? I know you guys talked in the past a little bit about Chicago and Michigan, the upper Midwest. Just wondering if you can provide any updated thoughts there.
David King: So again, we've identified kind of the four strategic priorities which is: Use of cash flow to make acquisitions; continuing to improve the Beacon product and our overall IT capabilities; continued optimization of the business, because I more strongly than ever believe that post-healthcare reform, the lowest cost and most efficient providers are going to be the successful providers, and that's what we aim to continue to be; and then continuing to bring innovation to market at reasonable prices. Because again, the country is looking to spend less on healthcare, and that means as we innovate, we have to bring new tests and new technologies to market at prices that our system can afford. So those, at the high level, are the priorities. And in terms of acquisitions, as we've said all along, things that will complement our esoteric testing portfolio are high in the list of priorities. Presence in markets that we feel we're underrepresented. We continue to be interested in Chicago, St. Louis, New York City, metro area, Boston. I mean, there are plenty of places where we have the desire and the capability to grow. And again, absent favorable acquisitions at favorable prices, then deploying the cash towards share buyback.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich of Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: I just wanted to go back to Genzyme a little bit. Dave, you mentioned that you're pleased with the short time you've had it so far. I guess, I just wanted to confirm what you said about customer attrition and revenue attrition. That's something that we all would expect during the first year. But are you saying you haven't experienced that as yet?
David King: Well, anytime you do an acquisition, you always assume that there will be some customer attrition. What I said is that, during the month of December, which is the month that we're talking about, the one month we've owned it that we're talking about, the revenue came in pretty much right where we expected it to be. Which means that we didn't see sizable customer attrition beyond anything that we had modeled. So I'm actually -- and again I guess a testament both to the Genzyme people and their passion in the marketplace, the LabCorp people in terms of getting the companies working together, that the revenue has been strong. And we haven't seen sizable attrition at this point. So we're going to continue to do the same things that we've been doing so that we can keep that top line revenue. And as we've said all along, since the day we did this deal, the number one goal here is to keep and grow the top line revenue, and keep and grow the opportunities for the Genzyme Genetics people integrated into the LabCorp platform.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Just so I understand a little bit more about the plan for 2011, and obviously, the dilution effect from Genzyme is, in your mind, still the same at this point. But what is the facility consolidation plan with Genzyme? And I guess, maybe if you don't want to get specific on that, can you just give us a sense for how you feel the year could progress relative to the overall integration plan, and maybe frame that up for us? We'd expect some normalized margin over the next two years. So will we get close to that by mid-year, will it take the full year? Just a little bit more there would be great.
David King: Yes, I think obviously, if you look at the dilution that we have been talking about, we're not going to get anywhere near what we expect to be the ultimate Genzyme margins in year one. The real impact of that starts to be seen in 2012. In my mind, as we've said, it's a complex transaction. There are two separate lines of business here. We are focused on employee and customer retention, client retention, top line revenue growth. So without going into a lot of detail, the key opportunities are the G&A, the specimen collection, the use of the PSC infrastructure, logistics, and, what I would describe generally, Darren, is the supply chain in year one. We are, and obviously will be, giving consideration to the facilities. But the number one priority here is not to disrupt the business, not to disrupt the customer experience, to make whatever changes we make seamless in terms of the customer experience. And for that reason, I don't expect to see major changes in facility structure, at least for some period of time. And obviously not talk in detail about what those would be because we're still evaluating what's the best way to run the business and protect that top line.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Just on the facility side of things, you did call it out here the 110,000 square feet. That seems like an almost doubling of what you have in Burlington, if I'm not mistaken. So I don't think growth would fill that up necessarily just from an organic standpoint. So maybe fill us in a little bit more on the plan there.
David King: That Center for Esoteric -- I don't think it quite doubles the space. It's a sizable addition, but that Center for Esoteric Testing has been bursting at the seams for several years now. And those who have been here longer than I have remember that there was a time when -- it was probably 10 years or more ago -- that we were going to expand the Powell building. And we've had the plans and we have this deal out there, and then because of the improvement in instrument throughput and the shrinking of the size of instrumentation and decentralizing some tests, we didn't need to do it. But the volumes there have been growing substantially over time. The number of tests that we offer there has grown substantially, the number of instruments we have has grown substantially. And we are literally bursting at the seams there. So this will be, it will be in part to accommodate our present volumes, and it will be in part to accommodate what we expect to be volume growth in the future.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Last question, you're spending a lot of time obviously talking about Beacon. And it sounds like it's rolling out on plan here. I'm curious just to know what the customer response has been like and whether you can give us any color at all on how that's either improving client retention or anything that you might have to help us understand the importance of Beacon.
David King: Sure. And I give the IT team all the credit here. They did a terrific job with this product and they literally have worked, many of them around the clock, to get this into the marketplace. So one of the things they did was -- and it's revolutionized the connectivity experience for physicians when they connect to LabCorp. So it's a great achievement by the IT people, and, obviously, with a lot of support from the operating divisions. One of the things they did was, we did extensive work with customer focus groups before we designed and launched the product so that this would be something that, instead of handing the customer something and saying, "Here, take this, it's great," the customers had input into what they wanted to see and how they wanted to use the system. So it's very intuitive. It allows dynamic test ordering. It allows the customer to receive the results the way they want it. It allows the customer to fax and email results right off their screen. One of the things that has been a very frequent complaint is that, when a patient is seeing two physicians, it's very difficult for the second physician to get results. It allows the sharing of results with other physicians both within and outside the practice by fax, by email. It allows the physician to annotate results. It's just a terrific product. And the market response has been very enthusiastic. And in fact, the reason that we developed the iPhone app is because doctors were telling us that they wanted to be able to have the Beacon product and the result delivery availability over their mobile devices. And so now they can receive the results on the iPhone. The results are still highlighted in the way that they're used to seeing on their screens. Through the demographic piece of the results on the iPhone, they can immediately call or email the patient. They can follow up with our discipline directors if they have questions about the test through the iPhone. And so the reaction has been great. And I'm very excited about when this will be, when we'll be able to launch an app that will allow patients to have access to this information, as well as other applications like mobile access to appointment scheduling. Because these are the things that are going to continue to improve the patient experience. And what we want to do is, we want to continue to improve both the client experience and the patient experience. That's how we think we're going to continue to attract business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy of William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I just had a question on the margin side, specifically, if you look over the next year, could you help us frame out where there might be opportunities to drive further margin expansion. If I remember right, you were working on automating some of the accessioning process and where the variability might come from other than, obviously, volumes.
David King: I think we talked about most of the things. Obviously, with the leverage in the business, volume helps with margin expansion. On the cost side, all the things that we mentioned during the call, so the continuation of automation projects, the continuation of the touch and the AccuDraw. And by the way, I didn't mention in response to Darren's last question, but the AccuDraw is incorporated into the Beacon ordering system, so this is something that physicians are very pleased about. They know exactly how much specimen to draw. It shows right up on their screen. They know what kind of tubes to put it in. So it reduces specimen draw issues which, again, is a big positive for patients. Continuing to look at our facilities, continuing to look at SG&A, I mean, those are -- the collection opportunity and bad debt reduction, particularly in some of the acquired businesses, it's an ongoing process of continuing to focus on becoming more efficient and remaining the lowest cost provider.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And then, I guess, just thinking about things at a higher level, there's been this trend where hospitals buying physician practices and, ultimately, shifting to maybe more of an ACO sort of model. How do you view that in terms of where you guys sit as an independent lab? Is that a risk, an opportunity? What's your take?
David King: Well, in the short term, it's a risk because if hospitals start buying large physician practice groups that are sending large volumes of work to independent labs that one can assume that, that work is going to be redirected to the hospital lab. In the long term, in my view, it's an opportunity for a couple of reasons. One, for the most part, hospital labs are charging more for lab services than independent labs are. And so if the payer starts seeing a trend where due to acquisitions of physician practices, there's more work going through hospitals and they're paying a higher cost for lab, that only further incentivizes them to move work to the more efficient providers. So I think that's a positive for us. In terms of the accountable care organizations, the accountable care organizations, at least from what I've read, are one of the things that Medicare is going to be experimenting with, essentially, is bundled payment for outpatient services to the ACOs. So in a bundled payment environment, who are you going to choose to provide the discretionary services? You're going to choose to lower-cost providers. And so if the ACOs are getting, basically, a capitated payment pushed through from Medicare to take care of a patient, then why would they select a higher cost lab provider like a hospital versus a lower cost lab provider like an independent lab, and particularly us. So near term, we haven't seen a noticeable impact from this yet. We could if there are big physician groups going to hospitals, but we haven't seen that yet. But longer term, again, I think, it's going to continue to move work to the more efficient providers in the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Valiquette of UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: I guess, first one on the Genzyme asset, I guess, on the one hand you mentioned today the assets performing exactly in line with what you expected. At the same time, I think you guys made some statements at various conferences, kind of right after the deal was announced, that you thought the deal could still be neutral to slightly accretive right away on a cash EPS basis to strip out the amortization. But obviously today you're still saying it's dilutive. I'm just trying to reconcile those two comments.
David King: Well most of the dilution comes from the interest expense, right? So what we said was that Genzyme, we think and we continue to think, in year one will generate cash. We will not lose money on the operations. But we have additional financing costs that I think are in the range of $0.20, if I'm not mistaken, of EPS that we have to factor in there.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: Second question, you guys, obviously, you mentioned you have some small acquisitions implied in the guidance, but not share repurchases. I guess from my personal point of view, I would think buybacks would be easier to control than acquisitions. So you probably get this question every year around this time, but can you remind us again what's the philosophy behind not including the share repurchases in the guidance. You've been pretty consistently doing them every year. Just remind us again what the philosophy is there.
William Hayes: This is Brad. Philosophy is -- and this is very consistent with what we've always said, we would choose to acquire and grow our business first. So it's hard to predict the success of all the opportunities that are in front of us. So to dedicate a portion of our cash flow to share repurchase, simply for the sake of guidance, we have never done. So we prefer to say we're flexible. We look to grow first. If there aren't those opportunities to grow, we then have historically purchased shares.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman of Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Maybe if you could provide any kind of update on the Medi-Cal audit, or any update on the Florida Medicaid subpoenas.
David King: It's Dave. On Medi-Cal, just to give you kind of a reminder and the status, the Hunter Laboratories lawsuit was unsealed in March of 2009. It was filed against LabCorp and other major laboratories, claiming that all of us have improperly billed Medi-Cal and violated the California False Claims Act. We moved for our case to be separated from other cases. That motion was granted. A separate complaint was filed against LabCorp in December, and we are defending that lawsuit vigorously. In July of 2010, there was an audit from the California Department of Health Care Services regarding LabCorp's charges, and DHCS asserts that LabCorp's billing is inconsistent with their interpretation of the California regulations. We disagree with their interpretation of the California regulations. We don't think there's been such any interpretation. And we think that we have properly billed the Medi-Cal program under the applicable laws and regulations. We are cooperating with DHCS with respect to their audit and a self-audit that they have asked us to do. DHCS is auditing the vast majority of laboratories that do business in California for similar practices. And so we are in discussions with DHCS about both our billing practices and about how they interpret their regulations and how they think Medi-Cal should be billed going forward. The trial date in the Hunter Laboratories' lawsuit for LabCorp is now in 2012. And the only comment I would make is that we're always open to reasonable and appropriate resolutions of litigation. But in the meantime, we will continue to defend the lawsuit vigorously. We don't think we violated any laws or regulations, and we'll see how the matter evolves over the next months.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Can you give us any comments on any settlement discussions that you've had in any case?
David King: I can only tell you that we have had discussions. The system in California, the court system is very insistent about parties discussing settlement and about mediation. And so we have cooperated fully in that. And those discussions are ongoing. But again, our view is that we have a sound defense in the litigation. And so we're going to continue to follow the litigation track until we tell you otherwise.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then any update in Florida?
David King: I don't think there's any update to give on Florida. We disclosed the subpoena in our last filing and there isn't any new information there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe of Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG: Just wanted to go back on the share count, can you just give us the assumption you're using for 2011, is it the 104.5 million that you ended with minus roughly the 2.6 that you acquired, or repoed in the first quarter so far?
William Hayes: I mean we're not going to guide, but that's a logical way to think about it.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG: So just to be clear. So that gets us roughly 102 million. Just to reconciled Dave's comments, it looked like consensus was closer to 97 million, 5 million shares off. Is that fair?
William Hayes: I've got a little bit higher number on the consensus. But it's often not kind of that magnitude. If we look at kind of further the high and low out there, it is definitely over 5 million shares difference on net incomes that are almost the same. So back to Dave's math, I mean, there is definitely a, any way we calculate it, $0.10 difference between consensus and our numbers based on shares.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG: And then anything else that we need to consider maybe on the cost side as we think about 2011 incremental investments or anything like that, that we should keep in mind as we model?
David King: I think the only thing, Ralph, is that our CapEx guidance, we've given you a range that's a little bit higher than what we spent this year and considerably higher than what we spent in '09. So some of that is just continued investment in Beacon, some of it is this expansion of the Powell Center for Esoteric Testing. But that's the only thing on the cost side that I think is worth pointing out.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG: Your biggest competitor talked about more conversations with both managed care and employers, basically, working to shift more business. You alluded to it earlier as sort of an opportunity. I guess, are you having these conversations as well? Is it something the market's receptive to, or is it just too early at this stage?
David King: I think we have these conversations all the time, how do you get more business into the payer networks, how do you get business away from the higher cost providers. And I think it's a -- in terms of controlling out-of-network spend, I think there is a high level of energy on the part of the payers to control out-of-network spend. And I think the experience of some of the competitors who have aggressively followed an out-of-network strategy suggest that the payers are -- they understand that strategy, they are not receptive to it, and you're seeing pretty aggressive efforts to redirect that work. I think on work that is going in-network but to higher cost providers, that's a work in progress. A lot of that is going to depend on what is the payer's appetite or level of energy for really pushing work to the lowest cost providers. And as I said in response to Amanda's question, a lot of that is going to be dictated by the economics of the business and by how people start getting paid, and I think we're in a good position to benefit from that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor of Citigroup.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: I wanted to verify, just the disclosure on the tests and revenue. I thought we were saying it wouldn't be on the slides but you said that information is in the Qs and Ks. Are we going to get some of that later or is that not going to appear anywhere?
David King: You'll get it at a high level, but not at the level of detail that we have given it every quarter. And in response to the earlier comment, we'll certainly consider giving it on an annual basis, if that's what the competitive marketplace is doing. But for the most part, you're not going to get it every quarter at this level of detail.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Secondly, on Genzyme revenue, obviously, it was modest enough this quarter and then look at the full quarter effect mix into 1Q. Does all of that revenue show up in the genomic bucket or does some of it show up anywhere else?
William Hayes: In the fourth quarter, it's all in the genomic bucket.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: And that'll be true on a go-forward basis, I guess?
William Hayes: Yes.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Can you just go back to, since this has kind of become a topic of conversation, just in terms of the amortization and the change that you're making. Obviously, we don't amortize goodwill anymore. Can you just remind us what it is, these intangibles that you're actually asked to amortize by GAAP? I think I know they're like customer list and trademarks or whatever.
David King: Intellectual property, things of that nature.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: And what's your view on any economic replacement cost for those assets? Like is there any?
David King: I don't think there is. It's a customer list, which usually gets a very large, kind of probably one of the larger allocations. And we have a sales force that's out there, maintaining the customer list. So in terms of any incremental cost to replace that, this is my opinion, there is none.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: I just want to clarify, you've explicitly said that the guidance you've laid out does not include the $500 million repurchase authorization, the additional which you could do. But my understanding is it does include the 2.6 million that you executed in January. Is that right?
William Hayes: That's right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk of Piper Jaffray.
William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies: Dave, as we think about the lower and the upper range of the top line guidance, how should we think about that relative to your comments about the overall environment? Should we assume that the low end of guidance kind of assumes we see some slight recovery that we've seen thus far and the higher end assumes an acceleration? How should we think about that?
David King: Well I feel the obligation when any person named Bill asks me a question, to start by saying our guidance encompasses a wide range of outcomes. So I'm going to start with that. And I'm going to say, Bill, that yes, the low end of the guidance would assume that we sort of see a continued lack of acceleration in the market for tests. We continue to see physician office visits declining, or certainly not improving. The mid-range of the guidance assumes that the business continue to perform based with the way it's performed in the second half of the year, and as I noted, also assumes that the full $0.26 of Genzyme dilution occurs. The upper range of the guidance, we could achieve in a variety of ways, which is why we say that it encompasses a broad range of outcomes. We can achieve it by better performance from Genzyme on -- in other words, being less dilutive. We could achieve it by favorable changes in test mix. We can achieve it by continued improvement in test per requisition. We can achieve it, stronger volume growth. So I think you're correct in framing it as the mid-range of the guidance assumes the business continues to perform as it has performed in the second half of the year. The lower end assumes that, if anything, we go backwards a little bit in terms of the economic environment. In the top end, there are several different options about how we would end up there, but they would all, generally, involve improving market environment.
William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies: In terms of any expectations, Dave, a couple of interesting upcoming meetings, one on DTC advertising and second being a fairly long expected one in terms of changes, potential changes anyway, to CPT coding. Any thoughts on either one of those?
David King: I think it's good that DTC advertising is getting some attention. I think if you go to your computer and you Googled direct-to-consumer genetic testing, you'll find some pretty astonishing things advertised, including we do genetic testing, I'm not saying "we" LabCorp, but there are companies out there that say they do genetic testing to tell you whether your child is going to be a good athlete, which is really, in my mind, not very responsible. So I think it's good this area is getting some attention. I will say this has been an area that has been -- there have been a lot of frustration about this for a long time, so I'm not sure anything is going to happen in the near term. On the CPT coding, I think the biggest goal that has been articulated is to get greater transparency in coding for molecular testing. And as I've said all along, we're supportive of transparency in billing and coding, and we're supportive of consistency among laboratories about how they bill and code because coding and billing should not be used as competitive tools. So I think we're -- the issue is doing this in a way that allows the providers time to make appropriate transitions. If you're going to change a coding system, there's a lot of IT work that goes behind our coding and billing. And doing it in a way that does provide greater transparency and doesn't create just another layer of paperwork. So those are the things that we're focused on as we think about that CPT coding. But again, generally, greater transparency and greater consistency in billing and coding, we're in favor of.
William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies: You threw it out there earlier in terms of the iPhone app for docs. Any thought, Dave, in terms of building one for, say, the Android operating system?
David King: Well, that I'm going to have to punch. I feel very sure that our IT people are working on that, but I don't have a firm answer for you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kemp Dolliver of Avondale Partners.
Kemp Dolliver - Avondale Partners, LLC: Over the last few months, nontraditional companies have made acquisitions in the molecular segment of the market. And I want to get your thoughts with regard to, do you see other nontraditional players competing for acquisitions? What's your sense of how the competitive environment in that market for acquisitions, and also just for services might evolve now.
David King: It's interesting that GE and Novartis and McKesson have acquired assets that we think of as being kind of, in the case of GE and Novartis, pretty pure lab assets. McKesson, that's a complex structure on U.S. oncology. But everything I've read in all of the commentary that those companies have made suggest that they view these acquisitions as a platform for enhancing their position in molecular diagnostics and personalized medicine. And the good news about that is we have been enhancing that platform and building that platform for many years. And I think we have a very strong position through our Clinical Trials business, through Monogram, through Genzyme Genetics, through our own genetics and oncology firms. We just have a terrific platform already. Obviously, it will be interesting to see how those competitors deploy the assets that they've acquired. But I think we're in a very good position to maintain our leadership in the whole personalized medicine environment. So there will certainly be some changes in the marketplace as a result of having a GE or a large pharma company standing behind what had been relatively small lab assets. But again, I think anything that advances the cause of personalized medicine, anything that advances the cause of better patient care, anything that advances the cause of being able to target the right therapeutic to the right patient at the right time and, therefore, reduce systemic cost, is a good thing, and we should welcome it.
Kemp Dolliver - Avondale Partners, LLC: Just one other question that relates to your comments on guidance and the share count. There was a comment about the impact of the stock price on the share count during the fourth quarter and presumably into 2011. How significant is that in this discussion about the share count?
William Hayes: Kemp, this is Brad. We think it has a million plus impact over the fourth quarter for us in terms of share count with the impact of options, as well as the impact of there are some shares involved our convertible debt. The number of shares go up as the price goes up. But it's a good problem to have.
Kemp Dolliver - Avondale Partners, LLC: Is there just a broad algorithm in terms if the stock moves five points that it's another 1 million shares or down? Just any rough guidance you can give on that?
David King: No, I don't think so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Fidec [ph] of Tinley Park.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you just help me explain why the free cash flow this year is not really growing versus last year's?
William Hayes: Chris, this is Brad. Are you talking about '11 to '10 or '10 to '09?
Unidentified Analyst: '11 to '10. And really '10 to '09, as well.
William Hayes: Just want to be clear. It is about the same in all three years, a little bit different. But interest expense in '11, as we've mentioned several times, is definitely a detractor from operating cash flow. Our capital expenditures going into the free calculation. 2009 was a very low year, if we think back to the state of the world at that time, and what companies, including ourselves, were doing in terms of cash spend. We came up some in 2010 and are projected to go up even more in 2011. But even at the 2011 rates, that's about 2.5% of our sales, which I would consider to be back to a normal commodus spend. And last but not least, the acquisitions. I mean, as we've discussed, their drag in terms of operating income margin is definitely creating a challenge for growing cash flow in 2011. But back to some of our earlier comments, especially '12 and '13 as Genzyme Genetics starts to perform as we expected it to in those out years, we think that, that cash flow will be greatly enhanced.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shelley Gnall of Goldman Sachs.
Shelley Gnall-Sazenski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just want to make sure I'm understanding the volume trends. So they improved throughout 2010, would you say -- how would you attribute the performance? Would you say it's mostly improving market trends in the back half of the year, or would you say it's taking share or a combination of both?
David King: I just think it's very hard to characterize. I mean, yes, the market trend appeared to improve in the fourth quarter. I think it's a little -- we think we're doing a good job selling. We think we're doing a good job winning accounts. We think we're doing a good job increasing our presence in the accounts that we have won for all the reasons we've talked about. I'm not going to engage in a lot of chest pumping about taking share or not taking share. We're happy with the volume trends. We'd like to think that some of it is market-driven and some of it is company-driven with better sales and offering a better product and offering a higher quality service, and offering a more convenient service to patients and physicians. So I think I'll leave it at that.
Shelley Gnall-Sazenski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then as we think about the fourth quarter, I guess, how would you break it down between -- I don't know if you can tell, but the underlying trend versus a seasonal issue with patients meeting plan deductibles and whatnot. Based on the types of volumes that saw growth, can you give a sense of how much seasonality had an impact?
David King: No, not really, because there are so many aspects of seasonality. There's weather, there's holidays. It would be very difficult to try to reach any conclusion there that would be meaningful.
Shelley Gnall-Sazenski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: On the regulatory outlook, can you give us any sense of when you're expecting we could hear anything from the FDA on regulation of lab-developed tests?
David King: I don't think we have any better sense. We continue to be engaged in discussions with FDA. I think there was a sense after the election that the administration was going back and looking at, did we really need to increase the regulation in a lot of areas that are already regulated by other entities. So it's very hard to say. But I don't have any timeframe in which we expect to hear from FDA on that. And we continue to engage in discussions with them about what's a reasonable way of thinking about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Vendetti of Maxim Group.
Anthony Vendetti: I just wanted to go over the Genzyme Genetics, what you said at the beginning of the call. So out of your revenue growth expectation for 2011, did you say 6% of that should be derived from Genzyme Genetics?
David King: Yes.
Anthony Vendetti: And so based on what they did in 2009, it's 6% of revenue growth just from that. Would that be about $300 million for 2011?
David King: That's right, but also taking into account that we had me one month in 2010. So you've got the incremental impact, but you don't have the full.
Anthony Vendetti: And did they do about 371 in 2009?
David King: I believe so, yes.
Anthony Vendetti: So is there a reason why you're expecting that to go down a little bit?
David King: Yes, there are several reasons. One is any time we do an acquisition, we model some customer attrition. And any time we do an acquisition, there is an expectation that because of our managed care contracted rates being the lowest cost and most efficient provider that, at some point, those rates of companies that we acquire tend to be compressed. And so those are the reasons why our budget is for Genzyme to grow volume in 2011. And we feel great about that. But that does not necessarily translate into first-year top line revenue growth.
Anthony Vendetti: So your billing practices will be, in terms of what you charge, would be a little bit less even though volume will be going up; correct?
David King: Yes, because of our contracted rates with managed care payers and because of our discussions with them. And I should say that we have had a number of discussions with managed care payers about continuing to maintain Genzyme Genetics pricing, and the managed care payers place a high value on the Genzyme Genetics testing. So if anything, the number that you've arrived at includes probably a quite conservative approach on our part as to what we might see in price compression. And we hope that the managed care plans will continue to recognize the value of the Genzyme services and continue to reimburse at the price point that they have been reimbursed.
Anthony Vendetti: And then on the Medicaid plans, obviously, everyone is involved just about in Medi-Cal Florida. Is there any other states right now that are piggybacking off Florida and California that are examining their billing practices, that you're aware of?
David King: So as we disclosed, we have received the subpoena from the Commonwealth of Virginia, that was in February 2009. We received a subpoena from Florida in June of 2010. We received a subpoena in October 2009 from the State of Michigan relating to Michigan Medicaid. I will tell you, we had no revenue from Michigan Medicaid. So I feel confident there's not going to be much to discuss there. But those are the subpoenas that we have received and disclosed.
Anthony Vendetti: Are you required to provide -- under Medicaid rules, are you required to provide those plans with the absolute best pricing?
Anthony Vendetti: Well I'm not going to get into a legal discussion of our interpretation but -- of how we interpret. But the short answer is, we do not believe that in California, in particular, that there is any law or regulation that requires us to provide Medicaid with absolutely the best pricing. And I would also comment that the laws and the regulations do vary from state to state. But in those states where there are lowest pricing rules for Medicaid, we believe we've been quite rigorous in following and complying with those rules.
Anthony Vendetti: Lastly, on the weather, I know you commented on this, but last year in the first quarter of 2010, weather in January was pretty bad. I think you mentioned impacted volume back then by 1.3% or $23 million in revenues and about $0.08 in EPS. Clearly, January has been much worse this year. So it's built into your guidance, I understand. But suffice it to say, with this weather being worse, it's probably a little more of an impact then it was last year. Is that right?
David King: Let me just be clear. It is not built into our guidance, so the guidance does not include any reduction from January weather. Our guidance assumes that we start the year and that we experience normal weather patterns and normal everything else pattern. So the guidance does not include any weather impact. I'm not going -- the question is it worse or better than last year is another -- would sort of be another way of talking about our January numbers, which we're not going to talk about. So I'll simply say what I said before, which is the weather has had an impact and at the time we report our first quarter results, we'll tell you what that impact was.
Anthony Vendetti: But it does not include.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in the queue. And I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing. Please proceed, gentlemen.
David King: Thank you. Thank you very much for listening to our fourth quarter 2010 earnings call. And we appreciate the time you spent with us this morning. Good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David King - Chairman, CEO and President Brad Hayes - CFO, Principal Accounting Officer, EVP and Treasurer Ed Dodson - SVP and Chief Accounting Officer Steve Anderson - Director of IR
Analysts:  Robert Willoughby - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital Amanda Murphy - William Blair. Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse Steven Valiquette - UBS Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Gary Taylor - Citigroup Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Kemp Dolliver - Avondale Partners Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group Bill Bonello - RBC
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2010 Laboratory Corporation of America Earnings Conference Call. My name is Diana and I will be your operator for today. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Mr. David King, Chairman and CEO. Please proceed.
David King: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's 2010 Third Quarter Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our third quarter 2010 results, highlight our progress on our key strategic initiatives and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
Steve Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our website, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call, and these forward-looking statements include among others, statements about our expected financial results, financing activities and our ability to close the acquisition of Genzyme Genetics. These statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change, including based upon various important factors that could affect the company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2009 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now, Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
Brad Hayes: Thank you, Steve.  Thank you, Steve. By now, you should've had a chance to review our third quarter financial results. On today's call, I will discuss four key measures of our financial performance: Cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. First, cash flow. Our cash flow remains strong. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended September 30, 2010 was $718.2 million compared to $739.6 million in 2009, both net of transition payments to UnitedHealthcare. This decrease of 2.9% is attributable to higher capital expenditures, which were anticipated in our cash flow guidance. Also, third quarter cash flow was impacted by timing-related issues and account receivables, primarily related to acquisitions and higher tax payments. Importantly our full year guidance related to operating cash flow remains at $870 million. We were extremely pleased with our cash collections. Despite the timing-related issues, previously mentioned, DSO improved four days year-over-year to 44 days at the end of September and declined sequentially by one day from the second quarter. As a result of our continued success in cash collections we are maintaining our bad debt rate of 4.8%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 7.7% year-over-year in the third quarter. During the quarter we achieved strong growth and revenue per requisition, which increased to 5.7% year-over-year. The growth in revenue per requisition is attributable to test mix shift and increases in test per requisition. The revenue per requisition growth was also impacted by lost contracts and the recognition of deferred revenue resulting from an amendment to a customer contract, which together improved revenue per requisition by 2.5%. Total company volume increased 1.9% year-over-year. The contract losses in 2009 that we previously discussed reduced volume by 1.4%. Excluding the loss contracts volume increased by approximately 3.3% in the quarter. Esoterix volume increased 6.9% in the quarter. Third margins; for the third quarter our adjusted operating income margin was 19.6%. Recent acquisitions that weve not yet fully integrated caused the 50 basis point drag on margin. Fourth, liquidity; we remained well capitalized. At the end of September we had cash of $96.9 million and approximately $395 million available under our revolving line of credit. At the end of September total debt was $1.3 billion including $65 million drawn down on our revolving credit facility. During the quarter, we repurchased a $115.8 million of stock representing 1.5 million shares. At the end of September, approximately $234.2 million of repurchase authorization remained under our previously approved share repurchase program. I would also like to point out that earnings per share benefited in the quarter as a result of a reduced tax rate primarily due to the favorable resolution of uncertain tax positions. This morning we updated our 2010 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of approximately 5%, adjusted EPS in the range of $5.52 to $5.57, excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after September 30th, 2010, compared to prior guidance of $5.40 to $5.55; operating cash flow of approximately $870 million excluding any transition payments made to UnitedHealthcare and capital expenditures of approximately $135 million. This updated guidance does not include any impact from the Genzyme Genetics acquisition. I would now turn the call over to Dave.
David King:  Thank you, Brad. We are very pleased with our third quarter results. We grew revenues 7.7% in the third quarter. We grew Esoterix revenue by approximately 10.1%. Taking into account, the impact of lost contracts, volume increased year-over-year by 3.3%. We are encouraged that we have achieved volume growth in a difficult economic environment and believe this reflects the effectiveness of our growth strategies. Revenue per acquisition growth remains strong at 3.2% after adjusting for the impact on revenue per requisition from the lost contracts and differed revenue. Thus, the pricing environment remains stable. I will now like to update you on our recent progress on four of our strategic initiatives; acquisitions, expanding our managed care relationships, growing our clinical trials business and enhancing our IT capabilities. First, weve consistently stated that the primary use of our free cash is to grow our business with strategic acquisitions. This quarter we made a significant strategic acquisition when we announced a definitive agreement to acquire Genzyme Genetics, a business unit of Genzyme Corporation and one of the premier specialized medical testing laboratories in the United States, in an all cash transactions valued at $925 million, net of expected income tax benefits less acquisition-related expenses. The acquisition is expected to have a net cash cost to LabCorp of approximately $795 million. We are very excited about the opportunities that the combination of Genzyme Genetics and LabCorp presents for future growth. The acquisition fit squarely in to our key strategies, expanding Esoteric Testing capabilities and enhancing our leadership in personalized medicine. Combining Genzyme with our businesses will allow us to capitalize on two emerging trends; increasing importance of diagnostics to healthcare and the evolution of personalized medicine in to the mainstream of patient care. The acquisition will expand our capabilities in reproductive, genetic, hematology, oncology and clinical trial, central laboratory testing and provides us with an attractive opportunity for future Esoterix revenue growth. As we have previously stated, we expect the transaction to be diluted to LabCorps adjusted EPS for the first year after closing by $0.25 to $0.35 primarily attributable to financing cost and amortization. However, we expect the transaction to be slightly accretive to operating cash flow with year one, excluding transaction cost such as bridge financing, legal and advisory fees and restructuring costs. We continue to expect the transaction to be accretive to LabCorps adjusted EPS, beginning in the second year after closing. The transaction is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions set forth in the agreement, including the expiration or early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 as amended. Our goal is to close the acquisition by the end of this year and we look forward to welcoming the employees of Genzyme Genetics to our LabCorp family upon completing the transaction. On June 16, LabCorp acquired certain assets of Westcliff Medical Laboratories, a clinical lab in California, pursuant to an asset purchase agreement and an order of the bankruptcy court administering the bankruptcy in Westcliff. The acquisition furthers our strategy to grow our footprint in the California market where we have historically been under-represented. LabCorp was notified by the Federal Trade Commission that it intended to review the acquisition and on June 24th, we entered into an agreement would be FTC to run the Westcliff business as an independent company separate from LabCorp while the FTC conducts its review of the transaction. The Westcliff business continues to loose money as a separate entity and accounted for the bulk of the margin contraction we experienced in the third quarter. We hope that the FTC will expeditiously conclude its review and allow us to integrate the businesses. At this time, we are unable to provide further information on the transaction. Second, expanding managed care relationships has long been a key growth strategy for LabCorp. As we have said in gaining access to the New York market to the United Healthcare contract, we are focused on growing our business in this important region. To that end, on August 1, 2010 we gained access to all of the Empire BlueCross BlueShield crucial markets and products as an in-network provider. Empire is New Yorks largest insurer by medical membership. This expansion of the network provides broader choice for Empires members and physicians and reduces member cost associated with out-of-networks laboratories. We are working diligently to build relationships with Empire and their physicians and look forward to providing Empire members with greater choice and exceptional lab service. Third, we have consistently discussed our desire to expand the international footprints of our clinical trials central laboratory. After carefully reviewing many opportunities, we took a significant step in doing so by partnering with Clearstone Central Laboratories, a global central laboratories specializing in drug development and pharmaceutical services.  The collaboration combines the complementary strengths of two leading central laboratories to support drug development and enhances our clinical trials and Central Lab offerings in key international geographies, including China, France, Singapore and Canada. Our collaboration is proceeding as anticipated and we remain pleased with the growth opportunities this relationship will provide. Fourth: We have regionally discussed enhancements of out IT products and improvements in client connectivity .This summer we began the rollout of our new online gateway for client lab connectivity LabCorp Beacon, accessible anywhere and at any time. LabCorp Beacon is an end-to-end solution that allows physicians to view, share, manage and analyze lab results. Beacon also gives positions a choice of tailored solutions including robust integration with EMRs, EHRs and Personal Health Record applications. These options allow our customers to choose the right solutions based on their needs for decisions support interoperability, end use objectives. We will complete our launch of Beacon on a national scale by end of the year. Additional ordering functionality will also be added to Beacon by year end, providing our customers with enhanced analytic capabilities an intuitive interface and a superior customer experience. As with all of our customers facing IT systems, Beacon is built on an open platform strategy that allows seamless integration with hundreds of EHRs and physician practice management systems. In summary we are pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date performance and we are proud of our progress on our key strategy initiatives. Though the economic climate remains uncertain we are confident about the long-term growth opportunities in the clinical laboratories base and about the strategies we are employing to capitalize on. Now, Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Steve Anderson: Thank you, Dave. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? In the third quarter, approximately 37% of our revenue was in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. We have previously stated that our goal over the next three to five years was to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 40% of revenue. Once we receive regulatory clearance the acquisitions of Genzyme Genetics will achieve this goal .We will provide you with updated growth goals for our Esoterix business after we have closed the acquisition. Does acquiring Genzyme Genetics limit you ability to repurchase shares or act upon other acquisition opportunity? While we do not comment specifically on share repurchase, we have historically been a consistent purchaser of our shares. Also we believe that we can be active with acquisitions, obviously adjusted for the need for Genzyme Genetics funding. Thus we do not believe we are precluded from conducting our business as usual or prompt for ceiling our strategic goals. Can you remind us of how drugs of abuse trended during the year? In the quarter, our drugs of abuse volume increased 13.9% year-over-year. That compares to a year-over-year increase of 15.4% in Q2 of 2010, a year-over-year increase of 6.8% in Q1 of 2010, a year-over-year decrease of 6.5% in Q4 of 2009 and a year-over-year decrease of 15% Q3 of 2009. What gives the status of your transition payments to UnitedHealthcare? Our obligations to reimburse UnitedHealthcare for transition payments ended on December 31, 2009. We have received and paid the final invoices for these payments. The final amount was approximately $120 million. What impact was the proposed 2011 Medicare physician fee schedule rule have on your business. Assuming the Congress acts to prevent the reduction in the physician schedule, we would expect to receive a modest increase to our revenue tied to that schedule. As a reminder, approximately 2% of our revenue is tied to the physician fee schedule. Now I would like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David King: Thank you Steve. In summary we are pleased with our performance this quarter and look forward to the opportunities ahead. Thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator:
(Operator Instructions): Our first question will come from the line of Robert Willoughby, Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch.
Robert Willoughby - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Brad what was the obviously amount of deferred revenue that was recognize during the quarter?
Brad Hayes: Bob we are breaking that out specifically but we combined it with the impact to the lost contracts to quantify that it had 2.5% impact on price. So in Daves comments the real way we think about price excluding those items was 3.2%. I will say there it affected multiple periods, the deferred revenue that is, it had associated cost with it and it is not material to earnings.
Robert Willoughby - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. The can speak to, you mentioned the bulk of the margin degradation was Westcliff. Do you have an EPS estimate of the top your head what that was in the quarter.
Brad Hayes: No, not specifically we have that all on top of our head but probably about $ 0.03 if we though about that.
Robert Willoughby - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Then would you give us estimate for tax rate for the fourth quarter, was that truly just one timer in the third quarter or is there some change to your annual view on the tax rate?
Brad Hayes: We dont guide on the tax rate for the year or the quarter but I would take this opportunity to say that since the adoptions of FIN 48 it is fairly normal for the third and fourth quarter to have reversals of uncertain tax positions as the statutes of limitation expire on those uncertain tax positions. I would say this somewhat greater impact in Q3 this year as past years but again I think its normal since the adoption of FIN 48 and we will expect to see that continuing to the future that phenomena of lower third and fourth quarter.
Robert Willoughby - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Then just may be Dave any thoughts on the Genzyme quarter? How they did operationally, I guess you didnt give too much granularity on there data as there, something you can comment how well they did or how far they may have done?
David King: Bob I have not seen anything in terms of financials and because of the antitrust review thats currently ongoing we are not allowed to share specific details about operational performance. So my sense is that they came in pretty close to plan but I dont have any specifics.
Robert Willoughby - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. That is it. Thank you.
David King: By the way Bob. I am sorry, I am just referring to the Genetics business I have no visibility at all in to the activities of Genzyme Corporation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein from Barclays Capital
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Just I guess may be few questions here. So volumes I did pick up here especially in the core business, still lower than normalized but certainly were seeing some improving trend. So I just wanted to better understand as you guys work at that if we back out the acquisitions, were still seeing that same improving trend? I know you dont break the number out, we are just trying to better understand the trend there? Then secondly if you can just comment in terms of anatomic pathology, lot of noise in that space over the past year with the whole in-sourcing trend. Just curious in terms of whether youre seeing thats stabilize and just and just thoughts there and then a quick follow up.
David King: Sure. Its Dave, Adam. Your first question on volume, we did see volume growth, organic volume growth this quarter, which really is the first time this year that weve seen the organic business grow. Again, that is a change in the trend from the first two quarters. So, positive in the sense that we had organic volume growth. Yes, we had some help from acquisitions but both on the core side and the esoteric side, we saw the business grow. In terms of anatomic pathology, our histology volumes actually increased year-over-year in the third quarter. There was some help from acquisitions there but again, the organic trend in anatomic pathology improved. So to be clear on that, we lost a little volume organically but the trend has improved substantially from what were seeing through last year and the first two quarters of this year.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay. Then do you think the in-sourcing trend is dying down as you think about that and hear about that, I was just curious, I guess theres a question out there that thought it was stabilizing. So, are you guys are seeing a similar thing?
David King: I think the issue that one sees with in-sourcing is that, it makes the most sense for bigger practices. So, the bigger practices that were the leaders in this in-sourcing basically have I think completed the in-sourcing. The question that is still out there is, given the impact of healthcare reforms and everything else are smaller practices going to start consolidating and then try to in-source too and we dont have a lot of ability to see that. Certainly it is the case that the in-sourcing trend has stabilized where we are now from where it was a year ago and even at the beginning of this year.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay Just to add another question for me here David, just I dont need any comment on some specific contracts but just for the Empire business, maybe you can just comment in terms of what you see as an opportunity once if you can quantify revenue, can you just talk about the opportunity there and if you have any updates in terms of how things are going this far?
David King: So its the largest plan by medical membership in the New York market and while we dont qualify the revenue opportunity, my recollection is its something on the order of 1.5 and two million members who have a laboratory benefit in that plan. So the potential opportunity is pretty sizeable in terms of continuing to improve our position in New York, capture market share and have further opportunity for pull-through from the existing United Health Care business. In terms of progress to-date, I would say we are of to a somewhat slower start than we expected Adam and we continue to be focused on improving our performance in the New York market and certainly the senior leadership responsible for operations recognizes that we need to pickup our performance with Empire but we are making the physician office calls, we are starting to see traction and I think overall we are pleased with how that relationship is progressing.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: In may be some of the radio ads that I have been hearing you will start to kick-in also?
David King: Yes.
Operator: The next question will come from the line Amanda Murphy, William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair.: Good morning, just a question on the esoteric side. You are seeing strong growth there over calls. I guess I dont even know how long it was, a year and half of that you were focusing only specialty docs primarily. I am curious, are you still seeing a benefit from that initiative or can you talk little about why you are seeing such strong growth there?
David King: We did talk about I am sure about a year ago, but now it seems shorter but we did talk about our focus on specialty markets and I would say we are seeing very solid growth in endocrinology, we are seeing very solid growth in infectious disease and some of that obsessively is being assisted by the success of our Monogram integration and so in other specialties rheumatology, nephrology, with our chronic kidney disease program we are seeing very strong year-over-year growth particularly in volumes there. As I think we said before and as you see in the IMS data the biggest detractor is the OB/GYN market continues to be soft for everybody, but I think the reason you are seeing a good esoteric growth and as we mentioned a return organic volume growth is, we are focused on the specialty physicians, we are focused on the specialty markets, we are focused on the comprehensive LabCorp offering, which we enhanced last year with Monogram and obviously we feel weve strongly enhanced once we receive regulatory approval and when we are able to close the Genzyme Genetics transaction. That Genzyme Genetics transaction really opens up a whole new area of opportunity for us, which is the large hospitals and academic medical centers that are sending reference work to Genzyme Genetics that historically have been very difficult for LabCorp to reach.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair.: Then in terms of going forward what do you think you still have more opportunity on the specialty doctor side ex-Genzyme?
David King: Absolutely.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair.: Okay. Then what strategizing topics, whats your latest thinking or do you have any perspective on the FDA and do you have any insight into what that regulatory structure might look alike or even the timing of when they might roll something out?
David King: The FDA as you know held very comprehensive two day public meeting back in June in which it solicited comments from a broad range of stakeholders about regulation of laboratory developed testing. Its my understanding that the FDA continues to review the input they have received at that session and also continues to evaluate what the right regulatory approach would be for lab developed testing. We have worked extensively through the American Clinical Laboratories Association or trade association to, which by the way the collaboration of I believe 13 other or 14 other affiliated industry groups including the College of American Pathologists, the hospital lab trade association, a lot of a good thinking has gone on in the industry about trying to help FDA find the right course. So at this point I think its private sure to try to hypothesize what FDA might do, but I do you think there they are taking a measured approach which we appreciate. We are trying to contribute in a constructive way to the dialog to lead to an outcome that will be positive from their perspective as well as from the industry prospective.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kevin Ellich, RBC Capital Markets Corporation.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation.: Good morning guys. Steve gave the information on drugs-of-abuse testing growth, I was wondering if you could provide the actual impact on total growth?
Brad Hayes: Yes. Kevin this is Brad. I am just looking through less then 50 basis points.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Less then 50 basis points, okay.
Brad Hayes: Yes
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Thats on the total volume Brad?
Brad Hayes: I was doing that on revenue.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Okay, on revenue. What about on the total volume growth?
Brad Hayes: It provided about 60 basis points.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Okay thank you. Then just going back to the 2.5% impact that came from the lost contract and the deferred revenue, how much of an impacted did, is that the lost government contract?
Brad Hayes: Yes, thats right.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Has that annualized yet? I mean is there still one contract that you guys still have in the last year?
David King: Correct Kevin, its Dave. There is one contact that we spoke about last year that will fully annualize. It went of in various tiers and so it will fully annualize in December.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: How much of an impact will that have on the price this quarter?
Brad Hayes: Well, the two items combined were 2.5%.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Okay.
David King: A favorable impact to price.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Understood, Dave I was wondering if you could may be just provide us an update on the IL-28B Test?
David King: Sure. A couple of things. First of fall the clinical volume IL-28B has grown pretty significantly since we launched it in September, so thats the positive. Its a not huge and at this point, its certainly not anything that would be material to revenue but we are seeing a very substantial growth in the number of clinicians who are ordering IL-28B.  Second, in the clinical trials business there are a large number of newly initiated or ongoing trials, relating to hepatitis C drugs and drug treatment in which IL-28B will be a key component. So weve seen a pick up in interest on the clinical trials business in that Monogram for the use of IL-28B to evaluate the new direct acting HCV anti virus. So, pleased with the progress and we expected it to continue to grow.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Understood. Then just going back to the Genzyme Genetics deal, can you guys provide any detail or may be any information on the assumptions with financing costs and amortization?
Brad Hayes:  Well, Kevin, this is Brad. Ill go back to what we said when we announced the deal on the financing costs. We said at that time, we intended to permanently finance about two-thirds of the transaction price and fund through cash or our revolving line of credit, the other one third. I think its too early to provide any details on what we assume around the amortization because we have to close the transaction and then also complete some work to finalize that number.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation:  Understood. Then the two thirds of the cost, would that be on at 795 net numbers?
Brad Hayes: No, it will be on the gross. We have to come up with funds 925. So, that would be on the gross.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Got you. Okay. Then lastly, just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the Clearstone joint venture and I dont think you guys breakout your clinical trials revenue yet, but wondering where it is and whats the goal or target is, where do you expect that to go overtime?
David King: Sure. We dont break at our clinical trials revenue but its not something we are ashamed of. Its about $120 million of revenue and for a reference, in about 2005, that business was a $40 million business. So, in the space of less than five years, its triple from a revenue perspective. Also, I would point out that, last year was a very tough year. So we actually went backward a little bit. This year were getting back to where we were really in the 2008 time. So its been an excellent source of growth for us its also been an excellent source of innovation and it positioned us in terms of out ability to license and capitalize on assays like IL-28D because the pharmaceutical sponsors recognize our superior esoteric capabilities and all the other advantages we have, including our infrastructure and the service centers that can help them with patient collections. So the business had been a very good business. What it has lacked and what we have talked about probably for at least the last year if not more is, we have lacked a central lab network that went beyond the United States. Our central lab in Belgium and some affiliates, some loose affiliations that with labs in other countries and the reality is that, the naive patients, and when I say that, its patients who are not being treated and therefore the patients that are most desirable for trial sponsors. The nave patients largely these days are in the developing markets, so thats India, its China Singapore, and Malaysia. Our central lab capabilities in those areas has been a detriment, particularly in China because under Chinese regulations no one is allowed to move blood out of the country to do testing elsewhere. So what Clearstone offers us is a collaboration that makes our services and also our esoteric testing capabilities available in places that we previously have not had those capabilities. So I think it will be a significant opportunity to grow the clinical trials business going forward.
Operator: The next question will come for the line of Gary Lieberman, Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities: Brad in your comments looks like your genomic price per session had some nice increase in the quarter and I was wondering what that was attributed to?.
Brad Hayes: Gary, this is Brad. Thats where some of the deferred revenue impact hit. So there would be very little volume related to that and mostly priced. So we have that impact there.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. It shows that were all the deferred revenue was booked or just a portion of it?
Brad Hayes: I think the majority of it was there.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Then you mentioned that there was some cost associated with the deferred revenue. Could you comment on that little further?
Brad Hayes: Only just, by its very nature there is deferred revenue and the deferred cost associated with it. I am not going to quantify it but it was represents the cost of performing those tests.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Then I guess the other comment you made on the deferred revenue was, that it was immaterial so would that be safe to assume less than $0.05 cents to earnings would be in that range?
Brad Hayes: Correct, immaterial.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Bill Quirk, Piper Jaffray
Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray: Just a quick question on the OB/GYN comment, you mentioned obviously that visits remain challenging. Can you quantitatively talk about LabCorps performance here? How is the business tracking relative to the market trends?
David King : I think what I see Bill in the IMS data on physician office visits, which again we should remember is not intended to be a month-by-month but rather sort of a quarterly view is that the physician office visits particularly in the OB/GYN market continue to trend down year-over-year although by less in September then they had in July and August. How are trends? The OB/GYN market continue to be better than the IMS data so if the IMS data is down by X, we are down by less than X, but we are still down and I would say the biggest thing we noticed on a year-over-year basis is a decline in PAP testing and my hypothesis and I will tell you its only a hypothesis, its very hard to prove out but my hypothesis is you were seeing a lot of people, a lot of women who are differing a PAP for a year, whether its because on financial considerations, whether its because the PAP itself isnt very expensive but its also involves a physician office visit, which can be expensive. I dont know the answer to that but thats where we see the biggest impact in overall volume in the OB/GYN market.
William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies: Understood and then understanding that we are still pretty early into 4Q Dave, the slight improvement in terms of trends, which is to say kind of less than negative year-over-year comparison. Are we continuing to see that into the early stages 4Q?
David King: I dont think were going to say anything about 4Q until we announce the quarter Bill.
William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies: Understood and then second question for me or second topic rather, its just a thinking about the Polmedo changes, the proposed changes rather that are coming up here in December. I would imagine that this isnt going to be terribly disruptive for you guys? Can you talk a little bit about some of logistic changes that you are looking at if there is any concern around reimbursement on some of the new pipeline esoteric tests?
David King: What I think the focus at Polmedo and the medical director there are trying to accomplish and weve had many discussions with them through [PCLA] is they are trying to get greater transparency in what they are paying for. So right now they get set of CPT codes and particularly with genetic testing that sort of CPT codes could be any number of a wide variety of tests. So the concern is that whether its by design or otherwise, the coding is not consistent among providers for the tests and so that adds further opaqueness to what are they actually paying for. We have always been supportive of greater transparency in CPT coding and in people knowing and payers knowing what theyre paying for, thats absolutely appropriate and I think the concern that wed express to Polmedo is make sure that when you implement guidelines such as these, you dont run in to the law of unintended consequences as CMS did a couple of years ago with their medically, whatever they were called, the medically unbelievable and its where there were some significant potential consequences to provide they had not foreseen. I know that recently the Monogram business people met with clinicians, met with medical director of Polmedo. They provided a very detailed data package on why Polmedo should reimburse appropriately for the trofile testing. Polmedo was very pleased with the package that we provided and I think what it says is, if you provide the appropriate date and you provide transparency, which is what we try to do, its not a big issue. So I think again I think we will be fine with this. I think the initiative for greater transparency in coding is something that we at LabCorp welcome. So I think the key is to make sure that in doing these things there are not unintended consequences that are not foreseen at the time when the rules are implemented.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Ralph Giacobbe, Crdit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse: Thanks, good morning. May be I just wondered again, why you dont break out the acquisitions just considering if there is number of deals that you sort of done over the last year and some of little bit larger and then perhaps what sort of the organic growth number that you have there. Dave may be remind us again why you dont like to break that out?
David King: The reason we dont like to break it out is because part of our growth strategy is to acquire and fold-in other businesses. We grow the business organically and we grow the business by acquisitions. So to us, there is no difference in terms of how we achieve that growth. So I think, clearly when you do a sizeable acquisition along the line of a Genzyme Genetics its perfectly reasonable for people who want to know how that business is performing, but when you do a fold-in acquisition, my view is thats just part of our business and it doesnt merit separate consideration.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse: Okay. Then just, Westcliff, Diamond, Monogram, are there other deals over the last year that we should kind of be aware of that were done, that are helping the numbers?
David King: I dont think Diamond materially helps the number. Westcliff is in platform, Monogram is annualized. So I dont think youre seeing much impact from that in the number, it is annualized in August. The only other one, thats been written about that is making some contribution is, is DCL up in Indiana?
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse: Okay. All right, perfect. Then, give us a little bit more sense of the margin pressure and many be how quickly you can get that sort of backup as you move through some of the recent acquisition. I know you said, it was a 50 bip impact on margin. Even if you had that back margin profile, it seems like it was kind a flat year-over-year, despite the fairly healthy top line. So, just your sense as about the margin pressure and how we should think about that as we think about 4Q and your guidance.
David King : Yes. The real drag is Westcliff. As I mentioned in my opening comments, give that the FTC has asked us to hold the business separate. That business was losing money before we acquired it and given that we have to hold in separate and its being run by a separate manager with a separate FTC monitor, we can't do anything to improve the profile. So its losing money, which obviously is not helping only either the expense side or the margin side. So that where a real drag is coming from. We are hopeful that the FTC will give us clearance to close the transaction and at that point the cost reductions, they are not all they want obviously but reductions of some of the inefficiencies occur pretty quickly and we get back to the company margin profile fairly rapidly.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse: Is there a time frame on for all that Dave in terms of when the FTC is going to deliberate or is there just no real time frame?
David King: I wish I could give you a time frame but its really in the hands of the FTC and they are the ones who will tell us when they have completed their review.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse:  Okay. Fair enough. Then just my last one, just maybe a little bit on the managed care environment and sort of kind of got brought up last quarter and, sort of things have tied down a little bit, maybe just remind us kind of if any large contracts are coming up for renewal, how you feel about pricing in terms of the managed care environment?
David King: We don't have any national contracts up for renewal. As we mentioned, there is some regional contracts. There are a couple regional contracts that are up for renewal and we are working on those. The environment continues to be, the manage care companies are very anxious to move, work to the low cost provider and we are the lowest cost provider and they would always like the pricing to go down, but I think the pricing environment continues to be quite stable.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Steven Valiquette, UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS: Good morning. Couple of questions here, first on the revised full year guidance. I just want to clarify and make sure that the number for the first nine months of the year, we should be using 423 within that. So the acquired range for 4Q should be above 29 or about 34. Is that correct?
Brad Hayes: Thats right.
Steven Valiquette - UBS: Okay. Then the Westcliff, I was going to ask one or two. You just kind of answered that but just to be clear there, when you look at FTC clearance, understanding your press release that we are though can you reminds us whether there will be some additional benefit 4Q and not from your ability to integrate that?
Brad Hayes: We havent made a decision about whether we would do a press release or not. So I cant project that right now.
Steven Valiquette - UBS: Okay. So for 4Q, right now you are assuming in the guidance right now those are not really much improvement in 4Q from 3Q there whats currently baked there. Was that sort of the biggest delta in the range to five to seven range for the fourth quarter?
David King: No. We are assuming the Westcliff remains a standalone business through the fourth quarter in the guidance that we have given.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Darren Lehrich, Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Good morning everybody. I just wanted to ask a question about the out of period revenue and related to the contract amendments, I think you referenced in the press release. What was the nature of the amendment, can you just help us to understand what exactly youve done and how common that type of amendment is?
David King: Its very unique for us it was a contract that came with the monogram acquisition. I would say in our history, its the first time weve ever had anything like that, and so its a very unique item for us as opposed to something that you would expect to see on a normal basis.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So is it fair to say that, that was the bulk of the 250 basis points youve spiked out in terms of the pricing difference?
David King: Was it the bulk of the 250 basis points of the pricing difference, I would say no. It was not.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. May be its more split evenly and it is that I guess I am trying to understand that.
Brad Hayes: What weve said is that the two items account for 2.5 points of the price and thats all we are going to say.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay fair enough. My other question here is just on the tax rate. We know obviously that you had some bigger adjustments in recent years in Q4, we havent typically seen them in Q3 so Id be curious just to hear from you was this sort of within the normal band of what would you expect to your tax rate to be or did the Q3 tax rate turn out to be a bit better, just so we can put that a little bit more in a perspective?
Brad Hayes: Sure. When I look back at some of the history that you mentioned, one was related to a tax treaty an international tax treaty that was one large item in the fourth quarter in a past period. The other was a resolution of a state audit that had large number related to it. I would say this is normal part of our expectation. Its somewhat lower that is the tax rate than I would expect on a normal Q3 basis but one thing Id like to point out about both items that youve mentioned, the deferred revenue as well as the tax rate is, that we raised the mid point of the guidance for the full year by $0.07. So basically leaving the fourth quarter unchanged.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Sure, now I certainly recognize that. I wanted to just and thats helpful. I wanted to also just go back to the histology question, because we can see pretty clearly in your disclosures that the growth in Q3, I mean this swing is very notable, it was significantly negative in the last several quarters and it has turned positive. So Dave maybe can you just come to that point and help us understand the swing in the growth rate and what exactly you guys experience there?.
David King:  Yes, there is a couple of things, the acquisitions, particularly DCL, which is a womens health focused business did bring us volume in histology year-over-year that helped that number. So thats the first item. The second item, on a sequential basis the trend in our base anatomic pathology business particularly the DIANON business is better. Now that doesnt mean that volume is improving in that business compared to where it was, because were still seeing the fall off that was discussed early in the in-sourcing but its improving on a relative basis and it has improved since the first quarter. Its about 300 basis points better in the third quarter than it was in the first quarter in terms of the relative decline. So those two factors are why histology has turned positive, a better organic trend and help from the acquisitions particularly DCL.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Thats really helpful. My last question here, we heard from Quest yesterday, clearly a more cautious outlook just about how year-end is going to ramp up for them in Q4. Youve guided more or less inline to the street EPS numbers. I know you dont comment on the quarters but can you just may be put in the context, your overall outlook about the environment? Is there anything that youve seen thats changed here in the second half?
Brad Hayes: Our outlook on the environment is that it is not getting better but its not getting worst and so our guidance for the rest of the year is unchanged. Our guidance for the fourth quarter, we dont give guidance by the quarter but look at the end of the third quarter and there is full year guidance and there is one quarter left. So we can kind of figure out what the fourth quarter expectation is. So our guidance for what we think were going to do in the fourth quarter is unchanged, because we think fundamentally the environment is unchanged. Thats why we are where we are.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Gary Taylor, Citigroup.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: A couple of questions. I wanted to go back to gross margins. Just for a moment, I know you talked about drag from the couple of the acquisitions there, but even adding back some of the drag, it looks like gross margins still down year-over-year versus the first half of the year. You are up about 30 basis points in terms of gross margin. So, can you talk about kind of the impact on the quarter of gross margin when pricing/mix was very-very good and what kind of your outlook going forward is on gross margin?
Brad Hayes: Yes. If you back up the impact of the acquisitions particularly Westcliff, gross margin was flat year-over-year. So, was a little bit disappointing. I would point out that one of the things that is having an impact there is that, trends particularly including healthcare costs have continued to increase. So thats a headwind in terms of gross margin, but, offsetting that, and why were able to improve gross margin, the first half of the year and keeping net of the acquisitions flat this quarter is to continue progress on our 2010 initiatives and our efficiency initiatives and we expect those to continue to have a positive impact on gross margin overtime.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: So, going forward as we look into next year, any material change in terms of where your think the trend is , holding pretty steady, material opportunity to improve or..?
Brad Hayes: Well. Obviously we don't guide the gross margins. So what I would say is the first, you always have as you turn the year, you have the impact of salary increases, which we factor in and what ever fringe costs are. Thats always is a negative to when you start the year to being able to achieve gross margin improvement. So, if we are going to see gross margin improvement, which we continue to strive for, we think we have done a very good job of accomplishing, its going to be because the efficiency initiatives offset the impact of those and other factors, I mean rental increases and things that are just part of our business. So, you are not going to see huge jumps in gross margin. You are going to see incremental gains, 10, 20 basis points, and I think thats the way we should think about it. So we certainly should think about overtime, there is the opportunity to continue to improve our gross margin.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks. Second question just going back to, that implied fourth quarter earnings guidance with just being a tough period basically but that, $1.29 to $1.34 that remains to achieve your annual guidance. I understand its possible you could have another quarter where tax rates benefits from some issues that could be lower than we have seen in the first part of the year. The question is does the remaining guidance contemplate a materially lower tax rate like we saw this quarter or would the tax rates simply be a variable in that $0.05 range thats remaining.
Brad Hayes: Gary, this is Brad. I think it can be a variable. Not certainly, I dont expect that number that we saw this quarter but certainly a variable in that range like every other assumption.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, great. Last question. When we look at the Genzyme deal, it looks like that financing costs alone could be, if you get to the $0.25 to $0.35 GAAP dilutions just with financing costs alone, which really implies the zero operating income contribution in year one. So I guess, the two questions we have seen the disclosure of Genzyme diagnostics on its own either as a money loser, fully loaded with R&D and overhead cost. So, I guess one there was an expectation that because of your scale, we'd see better margin on where thats run historically. Then the second question is, what would you be amortizing, will that be significantly higher than your own amortization, which runs about 1.5% of revenue?
Brad Hayes: So, I think on the amortization question, until we finish the closing and the accounting, we're not really in the position to talk about that. So I think on the overall running of the business, I would obviously it is our goal, and its a goal of the managements group of Genzyme genetics which is a terrific group. Its the goal to improve that the operating profile on the business but this is a complex transaction involving complex businesses that do very complex testing. There are three lines of business within Genzyme Genetics; the genetics business, the hematology-oncology business and the clinical trials business. We are not going to rush through on the integration process to improve the margin profile at the expense of loosing the revenue and the value of the brand that were paying for. So, this is a very important strategic acquisition. On both sides we're committed to improving the operational performance from a financial perspective but were going to do it in the deliberate way, we are just not going to jeopardized rationale for why were acquiring the business.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay. Good that make sense. As you swing in to 2012, with the expectation for GAAP accretion, whats the number one swing factor there, is it just a testing growth, revenue growth?
Brad Hayes: Well, its partly revenue growth and is partly expense reduction. I mean thats where you get to. First of all were going to focus on the non-employee related expense reductions, which are specimen collections, logistics, transportation, use of our patient service centers, couriers, better usage of genetic [council]. So all of the opportunities where we can reduce expense, supply costs and supply chain, where we can reduce expense that does not have a direct impact on personnel. Then we sit down with management and well look at, I mean there are many overlapping facilities, we may be able to quite comfortably accommodate the testing and the people who do the testing at Genzyme in facilities that we already have safe substantial rental expenses. So that the big improvements in 2012 are both top line revenue growth and improvement in the cost structure.
Operator: Your next question will comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser, Morgan Stanley
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Couple of follow up questions, first of all on the tax rate what was the effective tax rate in the third quarter?
Brad Hayes: 33.9%.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Okay. What was the impact under tax rate on the new guidance range?
Brad Hayes: As I said earlier and Ill relate this to two issues the tax rate in the third quarter any differed revenue were part of the third quarter and we raised our full year guidance by $0.07 in the middle.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So you benefit from the effective tax rate is included in that?
Brad Hayes: Yes, thats in the year to date number absolutely. 
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then the revenue guidance implies this sequential decline in revenue of about 4.4% from 3Q to 4Q, which is actually a lot better than what weve seen historically between third quarter and fourth quarter. So I mean obviously there is some positive trends implied in the fourth quarter. I guess my question here is what would be that delta between September and December quarter if you exclude the benefit of the deferred revenue from third quarter numbers?
Brad Hayes: We havent done that specific calculation. As you pointed out the forth quarter is typically much lower than the third sequentially. We havent done the exact calculation that youre asking for but I think as Dave alluded too earlier, we dont see any material deterioration or change in the business between the third and fourth quarter except for adjusting for the holiday volumes.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Okay, because again the implied number seems just [eroded] yes there is obviously the seasonality but its actually to some degree less than what weve seen historically. Is that a some degree improvement that you are seeing in histology that youre assuming is going to be sustainable in to fourth quarter?
Brad Hayes: I think it would be difficult to try to breakout all the puts and takes in the fourth quarter we just have continued impact to the acquisitions. We have the full annualization of the lost contract. So I think there is a lot of moving pieces and our guidance is intended to encompass the full potential range of moving parts and outcomes and I just think its very tough to start breaking it down in to the detail of what up and whats down.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Is the lost contract completely phased out that in the fourth quarter from a comp perspective?
David King: At the end of the fourth quarter they will be but there is still some impact in the first couple of months in the fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Kemp Dolliver, Avondale Partners
Kemp Dolliver - Avondale Partners: Thank you. First question relates to your progress with Monogram. Since that was going to be a big swing factor this year in terms of driving earnings growth particularly in the second half. How are you doing with Monogram in terms of test uptake and then also on the expense structure?
Brad Hayes: Monogram, the integration is complete. We annualized the acquisition. The business achieved our growth expectations and continue to achieve our growth expectations and in fact, in the third quarter was accretive to EPS which we had said it would be. Probably a thing, Im most pleased about here, Kemp, is weve introduced the [Geneassure] powered by Monogram for HIV resistance testing, which gives physician a very favorable price point and a very large data base to do their genotyping for HIV resistance. Weve introduced profile DNA which is a new Tropism Assay. Weve seen increasing interest in assays used to evaluate the HCV antivirals including HCV genotype. HCV phenotype also HCV genotypic and phenotypic resistance tests. I mentioned earlier the IL-28B. We got Monogram fully integrated into the LabCorp logistic network. So thats providing us with significant cost savings. The Monogram scientist had a very strong year in terms of thought leadership. So they have had over 60 peer reviewed publications in both the oncology infectious disease market in the first nine months of this year. So, Im very pleased with where Monogram is, I think its been exactly what we said it would be which is, it was diluted in year one, its slightly accretive, going into year two and it continues to be a leader for LabCorp in science and in innovations, in the infectious disease market which we think has a tremendous amount of potential.
Kemp Dolliver - Avondale Partners: Great. Thank You. The second question is just to clarify, and that is the subject of organic volume growth. Can you give us a little more clarification with regard to how much volumes are up organically. I'm assuming its probably less than 1%, but just want to be clear given the uptake in acquisitions, whats really driving the trends here.
Brad Hayes:  I think for the reasons that we have said, we are not going to break out what we consider to be organic verses acquisition driven volume growth. Volume was up, adjusted for the lost contracts by 3.3% that includes some acquisition impact and some organic growth impact and we are very pleased with that.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Anthony Vendetti, Maxim Group
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group: Okay. Thank you. I just have just one follow up, I'm kind of trying to put together the pieces a little bit of the revenue growth. So, some of that obviously is from the deferred revenue, some of which from price increasing and then there is a little bit from volume increasing which is a combination of organic and inorganic. Is that about correct?
Brad Hayes: Yes.
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group: Okay. Then, in terms of the Esoteric and genomic, sometimes you provide the breakout and then Vitamin D obviously in specific. Anything this quarter specifically that was helping the Esoteric and genomic group?
Brad Hayes: The deferred revenue on the price side, and as you mentioned, Vitamin D the acquisitions again back to Daves comments on histology obsessively helped and also on improving trend organically. So I would say those were the big items.
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group: All right. So, you said this was the first quarter this year we actually, actually saw organic volume growth, correct? 
Brad Hayes: In total or in genomic or in a histology.
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group: In total.
David King: In total. Yes, that is correct. One thing I would like to clarify on that point too because it came up earlier when we are valuating that, we also back out the drugs of abused. So, we know that drug of abused is growing year-over-year, but, when we think about our organic volume, we also take that into account. So we can see what the core business is doing.
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group: Okay. Great.
David King: Yes. First time, we have seen growth this year.
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group: Okay. Good. Then lastly on the Genzyme Genetics, if that were to close, lets say tomorrow not likely but if were to close tomorrow versus closing by January 1st, do you have a range of what you think the one-time charges would be associated with that?
David King: No, we dont. If it were to close tomorrow, I think we would obviously announce that and we would provide an update to the balance of the year guidance based on the early closing. Right now the balance of the year guidance assumes that Genzyme Genetics does not close this year.
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group: Does not close this year. Okay, and just lastly on physician utilization was commented on Quest call yesterday that, expected to remain stable. Is that sort of inline with where you are seeing physician utilization. Its been down but you dont expected it to get worst or better by the end of the year?
David King : You mean office visits.
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group: Office visits, yes.
David King: I mean I think the trend continues to be year-over-year declines but again less decline in for example in the month of September that IMS reported in the months of July and August, I think we expect to see the trend remain about what it is, I dont expect that to improve, I dont expect to get noticeably worse.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of [Mirac Stobiski  Fares Private Bank]
Unidentified Analyst: Great, so well first more over comment I guess there was frustrated by the several quarter and you guys report to us sort of the most frustrating part of really liking that more of as a company and as an investments is really that few hours report the fourth quarter results after request and as always seems no matter how can consisting better a year operating results are thats sometimes as if you operating different businesses few years back but it doesnt recognize the superiority and so sort of the damage reflected by Quest results and is already done. So I guess the then we comment here is perhaps some best thing you can do for benefit of all of us owners now would be to consider may be to move a year release dates to always before question, so thats kind of point one and the actual question and secondly that related to what I just said its , in terms of ,your view about the industry and trends that you see, I mean you have said in some very positive things in terms that you just reiterated just now that there you may seen growth for the first time, this year and in fact you said that youre seeing some very strong growth in medical specialties and you cant trust that yesterday and you know there seem continued softness there. I am just wondering if you could maybe highlight some light and what do you think the major differences are , why they say, what they say and what youd say?
David King: Sure., First of all with regards to the timings of earnings we will take that understand the timings of earnings are largely indicative by closing the quarter, the timings of our announcements are largely indicative by closing the quarter and recognizing a comment at the same time. We think that our results stand up well on there merit and thats what we want our honors to evaluate us by. With regards to the commentary as I dont make it a habit of listening to our comparators call, I dont know what comments they gave but the commentary I can give you is, we started to see the impact on, the economic impact volumes as early and we started to make reference to it, as early I believe is the second quarter of 2008 when we did that when others were expressing the view that they were not seeing that impact. We did that, we undertook strategic initiative to redirect our sales force and to redirect our sales efforts to areas where we felt there was the greatest opportunity to continue to grow the business in spite of the economic challenge and so we put a lot of sales resources in to infective deceases, we put a lot of sales resources in to endocrinology, we put lot of resources in to particularly the up deferred market for pre-natal and pre-conception genetic testing. So I think our results since we undertook those initiatives speak for themselves, which is that they have been positive not only by comparison to the industry, but generally in terms of just the profile of our business and the continued growth of the esoteric testing line. We also have said that the acquisitions are part of our growth strategy and we continue to make strategic and in our view very sensible acquisitions and then deliver what we say we do which is we said monogram be accretive of post the annualization and monogram is accretive post the animalization and its driving top line revenue growth because of the pricing and because of the unique to sort of test offering. So, were going to continue with the strategy that is been successful for us and of course always going to continued to refine that strategy to improve it as we take account of whats going on in the market place and the long-term opportunity in the business when we receive regulatory clearance and close Genzyme Genetics and have a new window into a large hospital systems, academic medical centers, more pre-natal and pre-conceptions genetic testing, more hematology, oncology business in an area that is not subjected in-sourcing, which is a very sophisticated treatment of a blood and bone cancers. We feel great about the way the future looks for us.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. I mean absolutely, I agree and I think its all that and everything that youre doing all the acquisitions that youre doing the path that youre taking forward. This is all fantastic. I mean, this is exactly what as an owner this is exactly what I want to see out of the management team leading this company and really building enduring shareholder value. Thats exactly what youre doing and thats exactly where we want the stock and my first comment is there was just basically remaining to a frustration because it seems like this happens every quarter. Lots goes out there and provide these numbers but I just came on like the gang I can shoot straight. So thats just implants these ideas in investors mind and then its some of no matter what you do or say, the damages has already done and but when you read everything on paper I mean that does, the priority of your results and what youre doing and just head and shoulders above what they are doing. I just feel thats really and missed by the market simply because of whats the timing of the news thats came forwards.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Bill Bonello, RBC.
Bill Bonello -RBC: Hey, guys. Thanks for being willing to take my call. Just a follow-up on something you said earlier. I am just curious if you can say, Dave because you specifically pointed out weakness in PAP volume if you could say whether you saw similar trends in HPV and Chlamydia and gonorrhea there as well.
Brad Hayes: Different trends I would say because some of those come out of the wire but some are orders separately, so I would say the overall trend is not anywhere near as noticeable there as it is in the straight PAP claims.
Bill Bonello -RBC: Okay, and just when you talked about improvement and volumes during the quarter I wasnt sure if that was specific to sort of path in women territory if that was overall you were talking about volume improvement?
Brad Hayes: Overall
Bill Bonello - RBC: Okay. Carried away and whether it improved for PAP as well.
David King: No
Bill Bonello - RBC: Okay. Then I know you are going to say no but I am going to ask anyway since you are as bold as giving inter quarter volumes trends, which I never heard you do before any desired way and what October is look like?
David King: I dont think we gave inter quarter volumes trends. I think we said, we wouldnt and we are not going to in October.
Bill Bonello - RBC: Okay. I thought you said that September was better than July and August, they must have made that up.
David King: I am sorry in terms of decline in position office visits year-over-year based on the IMS data its not based on our volumes.
Bill Bonello  RBC: So not based on your own volume. Okay thats great and that I am disappointed that you wont give guidance on how the new share impacts your P&L?.
David King: Bill as you know our guidance is intended to in encompass a wide range of outcomes but we guided a high level.
Operator: No more questions at this time Id like to turn the call back David King for closing remarks.
David King:  Thank you all for listening to our earnings call. We very much appreciate the time you spent with us this morning and hope you have a great day. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays presentation and again thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Anderson - Director of Investor Relations William Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer David King - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Robert Willoughby Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Anthony Vendetti Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG Kemp Dolliver - Avondale Partners LLC Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2010 Laboratory Corporation of America Earnings Conference Call. My name is Crystal and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. David P. King, Chairman and CEO of LabCorp. Please proceed.
David King: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's 2010 Second Quarter Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our second quarter 2010 results, highlight a few of our strategic initiatives and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
Stephen Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information.  This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release, which is available on our website, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call, and these statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change, including based upon various important factors that could affect the company's financial results. Some of these factors are set forth in detail in our 2009 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change.  Now, Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William Hayes: Thank you, Steve. By now, you should've had a chance to review our second quarter financial results. On today's call, I will discuss four key measures of our financial performance: Cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity.  First, cash flow. Our cash flow trends remain excellent. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended June 30, 2010 increased 19.6% to $800 million compared to $668.8 million in 2009, in each case, net of transition payments to UnitedHealthcare. We were extremely pleased with our cash collections. DSO improved five days year-over-year to 45 days at the end of June. As a result of our continued success in cash collections, we reduced our bad debt rate by 25 basis points to 4.8%. We're very proud of the LabCorp employees who have made this success possible through their diligent focus on getting paid for the services we provide. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 4.2% year-over-year in the second quarter. During the quarter, we achieved strong growth in revenue per requisition, which increased 6.3% of year-over-year. The growth in revenue per requisition is attributable to mix shift, increases in test per requisition and rate increases. The revenue growth per requisition was also impacted by the Canadian exchange rate, Monogram and the lost government contracts, which together, improved revenue per requisition by 3.3%. Total company volume decreased 2% year-over-year. Excluding Canada, volume decreased 2.1% year-over-year. The termination of two large government contracts at the end of the second quarter of 2009 reduced volume by 2.4%. Excluding the lost contracts, volume increased by approximately 0.3% in the quarter. Esoteric volume increased 4.9% in the quarter.  Third, margin. For the second quarter, our operating income margin was 21.8%. This margin increased 40 basis points year-over-year due to reductions in bad debt expense and operational improvements. Margin expansion was hindered by costs associated with recent transactions and acquired assets that are not yet integrated. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well-capitalized. At the end of June, we had cash of $103.8 million and approximately $430 million available under our revolving line of credit. At the end of June, total debt was $1.3 billion, including $30 million drawn down on our revolving credit facility. During the quarter, we repurchased $116 million of stock, representing approximately 1.5 million shares. At the end of June, approximately $100.1 million of repurchase authorization remained under our previously approved share repurchase program.  This morning, we updated our 2010 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 4.5% to 5.5% compared to previous guidance of 2.5% to 4.5%, adjusted EPS in the range of $5.40 to $5.55 compared to prior guidance of $5.35 to $5.55, excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after June 30, 2010, operating cash flow of approximately $870 million, excluding any transition payments made to UnitedHealthcare and capital expenditures of approximately $135 million.  Finally, while we do not provide quarterly guidance, we want to remind you that the fourth quarter is always our softest quarter from a top line and earnings perspective due to the impact of the holiday season on volumes. I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
David King: Thank you, Brad. We were very pleased with our second quarter results. Despite continued challenging economic conditions, we grew revenue by 4.2% in the quarter.  We also grew Esoteric revenue by approximately 5%. Revenue per requisition remains strong, increasing 6.3%. Taking into account the previously lost contracts, volume increased by approximately 0.3%. And we generated operating margin expansion of 40 basis points due to our continued improvement in bad debt expense and our focus on automating and optimizing our labs and patient service centers. Margins would have been higher, but for the factors Brad Hayes mentioned. I would like to mention the performance of the many LabCorp employees working in our billing operations and patient service centers. Beginning in the third quarter of 2008, over 6,000 people have maintained a disciplined focus on getting paid for the valuable services we provide. They have performed exceptionally during a very tough economic environment, and our declining DSO and bad debt expense reflected this. We are very proud and appreciative of their efforts. I would now like to update you on a few of our strategic initiatives. First, we continue to take advantage of attractive acquisition opportunities. On June 14, we acquired the assets of DCL, a full-service clinical laboratory located in Indianapolis, with a strong specialized women's health offering. This acquisition furthers our strategy of growing in large metropolitan markets and enhancing our disease state-focused offerings. On June 16, LabCorp acquired certain assets of Westcliff Medical Laboratories, a clinical lab in California pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement and an order of the Bankruptcy Court administering the bankruptcy Of Westcliff. This acquisition furthers our strategy of growing in the California market, where we have historically been underrepresented. LabCorp was notified by the Federal Trade Commission that it intended to review the acquisition. And on June 24, we entered into an agreement with the FTC to hold the Westcliff business as an independent laboratory separate from LabCorp, while the FTC conducts its review of the transaction. LabCorp is working with the agency to complete the review as quickly as possible. We are unable to provide further color on the impact of the transaction until the conclusion of the FTC's review. Second, effective August 1, 2010, Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield, New York's largest insurer by medical membership is expanding its reference laboratory network to include LabCorp in all of its markets and products. This expansion provides broader choice for Empire's members and physicians, reduces member costs associated with out of network laboratories and creates a more competitive environment among labs. We were excited about the opportunity to work closely with Empire and its members and to provide them with greater choice and exceptional lab service. Third, we recently launched our new online gateway for client lab connectivity called LabCorp Beacon, accessible anywhere and at any time, LabCorp Beacon is an end-to-end solution that allows physicians to view, share, manage and analyze lab results. Beacon was developed with significant customer research and input and offers a user-friendly interface and sophisticated tools that will help our customers streamline office workflow and information sharing. LabCorp Beacon will enhance our connectivity portfolio as the solution of choice for direct client connectivity. We will continue to offer physicians a choice of tailored solutions, including robust integration with EMRs, EHRs and PHR applications. These options allow our customers to choose the right solution based on their needs for decision support, interoperability and their meaningful use objectives. LabCorp Beacon represents our ongoing commitment to innovate and invest strategically in our IT capabilities while maintaining our open platform approach. We have rolled out Beacon to a select group of our customers and they have received it enthusiastically. We will continue to roll out Beacon throughout the year. Fourth, we continue to execute on our 2010 initiatives that have now driven year-over-year gross margin improvement for three consecutive quarters. These initiatives are even more important in light of the passage of the healthcare reform legislation, which we believe will drive business in all sectors of healthcare to the most efficient and lowest cost providers. Our Protedyne subsidiary continues to provide innovative solutions for automating and streamlining our operations. We are rolling out next-generation appointment scheduling and we continue to optimize the workflow at our patient service centers to improve the customer experience, as well as the overall efficiency of our business.  As a result of our agreement with Sysmex America, Inc., we have fully automated hematology operations in our regional core laboratories throughout the United States. The Sysmex partnership allows us to increase throughput with less labor and to improve turnaround time for our customers. It is one of the largest laboratory automation projects ever undertaken. This is just a sampling of the many initiatives we have underway to increase efficiency and improve service. They will remain an important strategic focus for us in the months and years ahead. In summary, we are pleased with our second quarter performance and remain very excited about our future growth opportunities and the strategic initiatives that will help us capitalize on them. Now, Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Stephen Anderson: Thank you, Dave. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? In the second quarter, approximately 36% of our revenue was in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. Our goal over the next three to five years is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 40% of revenue.  What are your plans for uses of free cash flow during 2010? We remain committed to returning value to our shareholders: First, by using our free cash flow to grow our business through strategic acquisitions and licensing agreements; and second, through continuing our approved share repurchase programs. The acquisition market remains attractive, with a number of opportunities to strengthen our scientific capabilities, grow our esoteric testing franchise and increase our presence in key geographic areas. Historically, we have been a consistent buyer of our own shares. Since the beginning of 2006, the company has repurchased approximately $2 billion worth of its stock.  Can you remind us of how drugs of abuse volume trended during the year? In the quarter, our drugs of abuse volume increased 15.4% year-over-year. That compares to a year-over-year increase of 6.8% in Q1 of 2010 and year-over-year decreases of 6.5% in Q4 of 2009, 15% in Q3 of 2009 and 19% in Q2 of 2009. What is the status of your transition payments to UnitedHealthcare? In the quarter, the company was billed $1.1 million in transition payments and paid $2.1 million in transition payments. As a reminder, our obligation to reimburse UnitedHealthcare for transition payments ended on December 31, 2009. We have received the final invoices for these payments and the final amount is approximately $120 million. What impact would the proposed 2011 Medicare physician fee schedule rule have on your business? Assuming the Congress acts to prevent the conversion factor reduction within the proposed Medicare physician fee schedule rule, we would expect to receive a modest increase to our revenue tied to the physician fee schedule. As a reminder, approximately 2% of our revenue is tied to the physician fee schedule.  Now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David King: Thank you, Steve. In summary, we are pleased with our performance in this quarter and are optimistic about our business in 2010 and beyond. Thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question today comes from the line of Robert Willoughby with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert Willoughby: Dave, what realistically can you accomplish on the acquisition front? It looks like the pace has really picked up here. Can you bang out three or four more of these type tuck-in deals? Or operationally or logistically, it that just tough to accomplish and does a Genzyme opportunity potentially freeze you here?
David King: The tuck-in deals are generally organized, managed and integrated through the divisions, Bob. So we have a good deal of capacity to continue to do them. Obviously, the bigger they are, the more complex they become. But the smaller fold-in deals really are divisionally driven, and we have quite a bit of bandwidth there. Obviously, a deal like the Genzyme Genetics deal would be a large deal. It's a much more national deal in scope because of the breadth of their business, so it will require a good deal more of listening. But it certainly doesn't freeze us or prevent us from doing the fold-in deals concurrently.
Robert Willoughby: So a reasonably full pipeline, maybe we should we expect to see more announcements over the course of the year?
David King: Yes, again, we want to remain disciplined and be focused on valuation metrics, accretion dilution profile, but I think it's reasonable to expect that we're going to continue to make acquisitions as long as the opportunities are attractive.
Robert Willoughby: And anything from an early read on healthcare reform as yet? Is that resulting in more dialogs for you with better quality assets? Or any change you can glean from that effort as here?
David King: I think there's more interest from lab owners who potentially see healthcare reform in the next 24 to 36 months having an impact on their, particularly, on their revenue structure and also on their expense structure. So labs that are getting a substantial amount of their revenue from Medicare are facing five years of payment cuts, pretty much regardless of what the CPI does. And there certainly is pricing pressure from other fronts as well. And the inflationary side of the cost factor with wage inflation and other things doesn't go away. So I think we're having good discussions with a number of owners of quality assets. And again, it's going to come down to how do we feel about valuation? Is it accretive or dilutive? How does it fit with our strategy? As I mentioned, both DCL and Westcliff, with important strategic initiatives, greater size in major metropolitan areas, greater strength and disease-state focused and particularly, we've been so small in California for so long that the opportunity to make a modest acquisition there was very attractive to us.
Robert Willoughby: Another question, just -- one of your competitors here, obviously, your large competitor indicated pricing seemed now part of their strategy to grow. Is this -- have you noticed any change in the basis of competition for managed care or other contracts?
David King: Well, I think the -- first of all, pricing has always been very competitive and very tough in our industry and we shouldn't suggest otherwise. And everybody who does business with healthcare providers of any kind, whether it's labs, doctors, hospitals, always wants more services for less money. That's inevitable. So I don't think the pricing environment has changed particularly in the last 12 to 18 months. We said last year that we had gone out and made some important contractor renewals with WellPoint, with CIGNA, with some of our regional plans. And we also have pointed out that with UnitedHealthcare, we have a ten-year contract and they have been a terrific partner and we continue to grow that business. So our strategy is not to lead with price. Our strategy is to be disciplined on pricing. Our strategy is to compliment organic volume growth with acquisitions, and our strategy is to continue with innovations like our LabCorp Beacon platform and other IT innovations that are coming is to continue to differentiate ourselves by making it easier for the doctors and their patients to do business with us. So I know that was a long answer, but the short answer to the question is there will be pricing pressure, there will be impacts on price. For the reasons Brad mentioned, you will not see the kind of pricing the rest of the year that you're seeing this quarter simply because we're going to annualize Monogram. We're going to annualize the lost contracts as drugs of abuse testing grows. That has a downward pull on price. But we feel good about where we are on pricing and we feel good about the contractual relationships that underpin our pricing.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein with Barclays Capital.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Dave, maybe there's a starting point and since you were just talking about the pricing, managed care, why don't we just start there? Obviously, a lot of interest after yesterday. And I guess I just wanted to get your feedback, you had said there's always competition, there's always issues with managed care, but feeling of the last 24 months is that things were very stable on the managed care side. So just want to get some clarity whether you think that is still the case and even though we've seen some bigger contracts and some news, and you mentioned Empire as an opportunity earlier, but just certainly just wanted to just get clarity in terms of, would you characterize this as a more stable environment for managed care than it was a couple of years ago?
David King: I think it's about the same, Adam. I don't think it's gotten measurably better and I don't think it's gotten measurably worse. I think since the repricing in 2007, pricing, generally, has been pretty stable. Again, everybody always wants more service for less price, but I don't think we've seen any major change in the managed care dynamic from a pricing perspective.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Maybe just on the Empire opportunity, could you talk a little bit about that, just how are you guys thinking about that? Is there anything included in guidance for that, such as -- and if you can't give any point on numbers, I totally understand. But I just wanted to just get a general sense, in terms of, are you guys assuming any benefit from Empire?
David King: The opportunity starts on August 1 and so, given the transitional nature of it for this year, I don't think the benefit will be huge. It is incorporated into the guidance. I don't think you're going to see meaningful change in the numbers based on Empire. Now that's this year. I do think as we -- one of the obstacles that we have had in the New York market, in terms of fully capitalizing on the great benefits we got from the United and Oxford relationship is that physicians have not been able to send us their Empire work. And so I think over the long term, WellPoint's decision to broaden the provider network, to include us, is going to have a significant benefit for us, but it's not -- I don't expect it to be anything big that you'll see in the numbers this year. And it is part of the guidance that we've given.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Just thinking more about the core business, your pricing growth has been very strong. You talked about some of the drivers there in terms of just mix and such, and said that we shouldn't anticipate the same rate of volume growth, but how should we think about normalized growth in terms of other core business, so in terms of what you guys report as all-in pricing? How should we think about it in terms of a more normalized number?
David King: Just from a pricing perspective?
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Yes, so I guess in the other quarter, there's 7.2%. And once again, I guess that includes mix also. So I guess it's just revenue per session.
William Hayes: Adam, this is Brad. I think that has a lot of things going on. The loss contracts were of the core nature. So a number of things that we mentioned that are having a positive lift on price. I think we'll obviously come down over time. What I would expect to see there is a very low single-digit number in a normal environment. There is some, what I would call mix within mix that can happen in that line, where some tests that are greater or lower than the average price might be growing or shrinking faster than others. But I think there's a lot of lift in that number right now due to some of the factors that we've mentioned.
David King: Yes Adam, it's Dave. I think what we have always said -- and I don't really think it's any different is real price that is unit pricing, year-over-year, is going to be zero to maybe 50 basis points. Mix-based pricing is going to be 1% to maybe 1.5%, which obviously isn't the core, that includes higher esoteric mix. So that's how we get to a sense of we expect pricing growth in a normalized environment to be 2% over time, but again, real unit price growth is going to be relatively flat to maybe 50 basis points.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Just a couple of more questions on the managed care situation, if I may. I guess first, Dave, would you ever consider any kind of early renewal process? And if so, what would be the advantages in your mind at that type of program?
David King: We've already done our early renewals. We did them in 2009. And the advantage of early renewals is greater visibility on price and volume in a -- as you look out a couple of years ahead, so it helps you plan the business. I think the reality is with these, particularly with the larger payers, we're always in discussions about the contracts and we're always in discussions about how we can enhance the opportunities. So WellPoint is a good example with Empire. We've been in those discussions for a long time about our desire to help them by offering more choice for patients and physicians in the New York market. So we're always talking to managed care about contracts and when the opportunity arises to renew contracts prior to the termination date on favorable terms -- and when I say favorable terms, I mean favorable for both parties. Obviously, they want to get something out of it too, and part of what they get is some certainty about their provider network and coverage and how may patient service centers are going to be close to their patients. We would certainly do that.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I think when we went through this repricing effort a couple of years ago, a few years ago, that there were some effort to, sort of, strengthen the language around the ability to terminate those contracts, which I think is what was in Part D, facilitator of the industry-wide event. So am I remembering that right or not?
David King: I'm not sure I follow, I'm sorry, Amanda.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I guess I recall that there was some effort to remove -- I guess there was language in the contract that allowed a plan to terminate a contract with notice and that, kind of, drove the whole industry-wide event in 2007. And there was an effort to, maybe have it be more -- that a health plan just couldn't come and do that, that it was more collaborative, maybe I'm not remembering that right.
David King: Yes.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Switching to the volume side of things, if you look at the core business, the numbers were a little bit better than last quarter's. So I'm curious if there's, is that just an easier comp sort of situation or have you seen anything improving sequentially? And then just also it seems generally that you're doing better than maybe IMS data would suggest though? would you even go as far as to say that you're gaining share in some segments?
William Hayes: Amanda, this is Brad. I agree on your observation on the core improvement. I'd just like to remind you there was weather in the first quarter and no weather in the second quarter. I think that's the biggest driver. As we look at the business second quarter compared to first quarter, and consider a number of factors, many of which we've mentioned in terms of the loss contracts and the like, we think the business performed in the second quarter very similar to the way it performed in the first quarter. And as we look at IMS data, those are obviously down more than the volume that we're experiencing. So I'd like to say that, that is a tribute to our strategy and the fact that potentially, we are taking share. But it's very hard to draw direct conclusions from that information. I think it is directional and we certainly pay attention to it, but like to see us performing better than that directional piece of information.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Maybe talk about some of the insourcing trends that you're seeing, maybe specifically on the anatomic pathology side and what you guys have been able to do to compete there?
David King: Obviously, we're pretty transparent in the disclosures on our 8-K about this, so you can see that we did continue to have a downward trend in the anatomic pathology volumes. However, the rate of decline has slowed and so as I mentioned on the call last quarter, Gary, I think we've seen the big impact from this in the end of last year and the beginning of this year. The major areas where we're seeing insourcing are in the urology. And I guess particularly in the urology and now in the dermatopathology, where physicians are setting up their own internal laboratories and are making arrangements with pathologists to do their reads. And from a competitive perspective, what we've done is focused on the fact that when you send your specimens to LabCorp, you get specialized pathologists. You don't get general pathologists reading these specimens, so that's very important for patient care that you have a uropathologist or a dermatopathologist reading these specimens, not just a general pathologist. We focus on the full menu of services that are available from LabCorp, special stains and other more sophisticated techniques that are not necessarily available at an internalized physician labs. And we focused on the IT solutions and capabilities that we can offer that are not available in the internalized labs and the ability to perform other tests on the specimens. We also have continued to point out to regulators that there is a high potential for abuse in physician insourcing, that the number of, for example, the number of biopsies on a prostate, typically increase and increase fairly significantly after physicians insource, and that adds expense to our healthcare system in a time when we're trying to make healthcare expenses go the other way. There are also concerns about physicians' self-interest and conflict of interest and there are concerns about the quality of patient care, so we continue to point those things out to the regulatory authorities. And we have had support in that from our own trade association, from the College of American Pathologists and from other influential trade associations that have interest in the lab industry. So I said in the first quarter and I continue to say in the second quarter, we need to pick up the level of competition. We need to pick up our game here, but at the same time, I'm pleased to see that the trend has ebbed a little bit in terms of the pathology volumes going down.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Maybe one quick follow-up on price. I guess you said that most of your contracts were awarded in 2009, you started to term out some of the contracts. Be interested to know if, because of any incremental price competition, any of those contracts have come back or and tried to renegotiate, based on maybe better prices that they're getting elsewhere?
David King: I think pricing discussions between us and our large customers are really something that we should not spend a lot of time talking about publicly. We're very, very happy with our relationships with United, who as I mentioned, has been a terrific partner, with WellPoint, which has been our national sole strategic partner with CIGNA, with Humana. And these contract extension processes have been -- and I don't mean to overlook anybody else, with Horizon, with the Texas Blue plan, with all of the plans that we do business with, these contract negotiations are always -- there's always discussion about pricing. But I think it's, suffice it to say that we have contracts. Our managed care partners have shown no indication that they plan not to honor the contracts or that they want to rediscuss the contracts and -- I just think we need to look at this as -- I don't see anything that has changed from where we were last year, from where we were in 2008, which is the payers always want to pay less for more. And we always want to get paid more for the value that we provide. And that's the way the dynamic is going to be probably as long as I'm around here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci with Lazard Capital Markets.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Just a couple of quick follow-ups on something that have already been discussed. I guess in the revenue guidance raise there, you've obviously done some acquisitions. Are there any other moving parts that we should be aware of that drove that?
David King: Tom, it's Dave. I think the increase in the revenue guidance is largely to incorporate the impacts of the acquisitions plus the potential Empire opportunity.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: You obviously said before, when you talked about acquisitions remaining disciplined and things looking for the sort of right opportunities accretion/dilution wise, could you characterize the pricing expectations out there on behalf of sellers compared to where we were maybe a year ago? Or the competitive landscape versus other potential buyers and what that's doing to pricing?
David King: I think it depends on which sellers. I mean, there are some sellers who still have high expectations on valuation. There are others who I think have more realistic expectations. So I think expectations, if you sort of think of it as in a global, what do people think they should get for selling their asset, I think expectations have trended down from where they were in 2008 and 2009. So that's part of the reason that we have become more active is because the assets are available at valuations that are increasingly attractive.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Last thing. I'm sorry if you commented on it, I missed it. But obviously, there's been some talk out of the FDA about increasingly sort of regulating testing. So just curious what your thoughts were there?
David King: Sure. As I think you know there was a two-day meeting earlier this week regarding FDA regulation of laboratory developed tests and also the FDA's regulation of direct-to-consumer genetic testing. And there's also a hearing this morning, the Energy and Commerce committee is having a hearing on direct-to-consumer genetic testing. I think this is an area in which there's increasing regulatory focus. And I think that in various discussions with the FDA, their view is there is a need for some greater oversight of laboratory developed testing. Their view is also that they do not want to do anything abrupt or without thorough deliberation. So my sense is that there is going to be greater oversight in some form or another of lab developed testing. I think there'll probably be greater oversight in some form or another of direct-to-consumer testing, particularly direct-to-consumer genetic testing. And our goal is to work collaboratively with FDA to make sure that whatever regulatory activity they undertake takes into account the importance of laboratory developed testing, the importance of the laboratory's ability to innovate and bring tests to market rapidly that people need without having to go through the whole process of a kit or of a lengthy regulatory review. So I think this is an evolutionary process and we're very much committed. Both LabCorp and the American Clinical Laboratory Association are very much committed to working collaboratively with the FDA to coming out with the right answer.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with RBC Capital Markets.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just a couple of questions. Just following up on the guidance. Is Westcliff included in the guidance? I'm just trying to get clarity on that.
David King: Yes, Westcliff is included in the guidance. Now to be clear, because of this situation with the FTC, we are not able to integrate Westcliff into our Western operations while their review is pending. So Westcliff is included in the guidance and it is a positive to revenue, but it actually is a negative to EPS because of their expense structure, which we can't change until the FTC finishes its review of the transaction.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Dave, one thing you've talked about in the past is Canada and you've been pretty positive on that. It sounds like there is more consolidation, especially in the province of Alberta, on the pathology testing or cervical cancer testing. Just wondering, is that a good opportunity for you or is that a positive for LabCorp?
William Hayes: Kevin, this is Brad. I do think it's a positive. As a reminder, that business is -- our business in Alberta is not consolidated, so you see the earnings from that down below the operating income line. But it's still a business that we are very much interested in and stay in touch with, and I think it is a good signal in Canada and it really applies to our market as well that getting testing into the best provider in terms of cost and quality is good for the system.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just wondering about the margins. Obviously, we've seen a very nice improvement on DSO and also bad debt. I'm just wondering how much lower can bad debt really go? I mean, we've seen a pretty big improvement here.
William Hayes: Right. And we still see opportunity. Obviously, as we look at our initiatives, we're still making progress but we're not 100% successful yet. So I think the opportunity is there to potentially decrease in the future. As we've said in the past, we would like to lead the industry in most categories of metrics, and that's one that we keep an eye on as well.
David King: Kevin, it's Dave. Just a further comment on that because I think it's important that we'd be clear about this. When we set our bad debt rate, we set it based on a 12-month going forward projection of what we think bad debt is going to be. So if we adjusted bad debt to the inverse of the collection rate every quarter, you would see a much broader fluctuation and it would go up and down depending on what top line revenue in the quarter was and the collection experience. I think from the standpoint of the predictability of earnings and the predictability of our business model, the way that we do it is more desirable, which is we try to figure out what we think bad debt will be for the next four quarters, if not beyond, and that's where we set it. So when we started the year, we thought that bad debt would continue in that 5% range. And as a result of collection experience and as a result of the initiatives that we have had in place, now we think that for the next four quarters, it's going to be sustainable at the 50 basis points lower.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Thinking about the big picture changes in the U.S. healthcare landscape, just wondering which areas you're still focused on? Is it infectious disease? Any sub-testing category? And then maybe more broad thoughts on international expansion. Is that still in the works at some point? And there was some chatter about Sonic. Just wanted to see if you had any opinion about that?
David King: Well, I think Sonic is a terrific company and a very good competitor, and they have businesses in a lot of places that we don't know anything about. Do we have international aspirations? Obviously, we have. The Canadian business, and as Brad has mentioned, that's an attractive business and it's a business we'd like to continue to grow. We've said for a considerable period of time, there are clinical trials business which is doing very well this year after a tough year last year, when the whole CRO industry was under a lot of pressure. We've said that we have broader international aspirations for our clinical trials business and being able to provide services, clinical, central lab services, central lab services I should emphasize, in some countries where we don't have a presence now or where our presence is through some collaborative arrangement. Beyond that, in terms of broad international aspirations, I'll reiterate what we've said for a long time, which is that we think there is a great opportunity in the U.S. and that's where we're going to continue to focus. In terms of overall thoughts on healthcare reform, with my thoughts on healthcare reform, in a couple of bucks, you can buy a cup of coffee. But my thoughts on healthcare reform are, there's going to be a great deal of pressure to bring down costs. And there's going to be a great deal of pressure on providers to become more and more efficient. And the good news from LabCorp's perspective is the 2010 initiatives, the IT investments, which will be extremely important to physicians. I read over the Meaningful Use Regulation that came out, there are I think 20 criteria that physicians have to meet for meaningful use and then there's a menu of another 15, and I think they get to pick five of those. So the automation and efficiency, the IT investments, the continued innovation in improving customer service, are all going to be to our benefit. And I think, if you saw the newspaper this past weekend on Sunday, there was a front page article about how insurers are offering narrower networks as a way of reducing or holding down or not increasing premium costs to employers. And those narrower networks are going to be focused on the lower cost providers and we are the lowest cost provider in our industry. So as long as we continue to remain -- as long as we continue to improve efficiency and we continue to improve our overall interoperability, IT capability, service levels, efficiency of our business, I think we're going to be in good shape.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just to follow-up on that point though. If you guys are the lowest cost providers and assuming that your biggest competitor is also, what's the logic or rationale behind renegotiating the managed care contracts early and taking lower price now, when you guys have the size and scale and are already the lowest cost provider? Any thoughts behind that?
David King: I think that was a question for yesterday's call. When we negotiate these contracts, obviously, we are very sensitive to the needs of our managed care partners, but we're also very sensitive to the pricing dynamic. And I think our performance shows that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kemp Dolliver with Avondale Partners.
Kemp Dolliver - Avondale Partners LLC: Question relates to your progress with integrating Monogram. Just strikes me based on the sequential improvement in earnings that you have made substantial progress in reducing the dilution there.
David King: Kemp, it's Dave. Yes, we made substantial progress in reducing the dilution there, and Monogram continues to be a very important strategic initiative for us. As a result of our infrastructure and logistics, we've been able to broaden the reach of their testing services, which has been positive to revenue and to reduce their expenses. The science there is terrific. The technology is terrific. We've established Monogram as a Center of Excellence for our Virology business. They've already integrated very nicely into our Clinical Trials business, with helping with the development of companion diagnostics. We're looking to expand their capabilities, particularly into Hepatitis C. And the revenue, the utilization uptake on HERmark, now that physicians can order it without having to send their specimens to two different places, has been a positive. And we've had a number of significant inquiries from clinical trials partners about the use of the Virotech assays to develop targeted oncology therapy. So Monogram has been exactly what we thought it would be in terms of a very important strategic acquisition for us, and we've done a good job in reducing the cost structure there.
Kemp Dolliver - Avondale Partners LLC: In Q4, you had said that dilution was $0.08. You didn't quantify Q1, but suggested you had made progress. I'm going to take another shot and ask what the EPS effect in Q2?
William Hayes: Kemp, this is Brad. We're not going to break it out, but I would characterize it as follows. The improvements that you're seeing are much greater driven by LabCorp excluding Monogram, than the impact of Monogram.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: What would you say your average revenue multiple in acquisitions is for what you've acquired in the last 12 months?
David King: Well, I don't think there's a way to quantify that, Gary. Because it just varies so widely and I'm not sure it's helpful to quantify either because I think it probably has an impact in the marketplace. So we look at multiple of revenue as one of many factors, again including accretion/dilution, multiple of EBITDA, pre and post EBITDA, synergy opportunities, discounted cash flow. And the revenue multiple alone is not determinative.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: When you look at your 4.2% year-over-year revenue growth, how much of acquisitions contribute to that year-over-year number?
David King: It's relatively small other than Monogram. And Monogram, because it was August of last year, there is certainly a -- we know that Monogram is 1% positive on price all by itself. So that's a contributor. The rest of the acquisitions, the sizable acquisitions, as we mentioned in the talking points, were done in June of this year. So they're pretty small. Two weeks of Westcliff or two weeks of DCL is not going to have a major impact given the size of our organization.
William Hayes: And Gary, I'll just back that up with, between Monogram and the two that Dave just mentioned, there's been nothing sizable to speak of other than what I would consider to be the normal kind of small tuck-ins that are incorporated and the way we think about the business on a go-forward basis.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Yes, I mean, we see those a little bit in the 4Q, a little bit in the 1Q and they'll really hit the threshold to get called out. I know, but I'm just trying to think about the overall contribution. On the Indianapolis lab DCL, can you give us of any sense of the size of that or if the revenue is there or not?
David King: I believe it was the largest independent lab in the Indianapolis market and also had some business in St. Louis and some Patient Service Centers. So we think of it as a nice-sized acquisition, but again, not going to talk specifically about its revenue or its volumes.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Just going to the commercial pay question. Again, that was raised yesterday and we've talked a little bit about today. If I'm not mistaken, I thought when you guys talked about WellPoint last year, that was renewed through mid '13, if I'm not mistaken. Is that right?
William Hayes: Correct.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Can you just talk about -- can you ballpark, when we look at '10, '11 and '12 for you, what percent of the managed care book has scheduled expirations? Even if we can use adjectives instead of numbers.
David King: Yes, I mean, I think the problem is that we have, if I'm not mistaken, we have something on the order of 2,000 managed care plans that we deal with. And it may even be more than that. Many of these plans have contracts that are just evergreen contracts, if nothing happens, they roll over from year to year without any major changes. The major contracts that we have are basically extended. WellPoint, as you mentioned out to 2013, CIGNA's out in '13. We have a couple of contracts in '11 that are not -- they're not small, but again, we're already talking to our managed care partners about those relationships. And we really don't have anything that's sizable in 2010 that has not been addressed. So I think the landscape looks pretty clear until you get out toward the end of 2012 and into 2013.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: The gross margin improvement, I know you touched on that a little bit earlier. Can you, in a little more detail, can you refresh us a little bit on what's driving that year-over-year improvement? I didn't think mix would really be a big driver there but maybe I'm wrong on that?
David King: Yes, a couple of things have an impact on gross margin. First of all, obviously, price growth has a positive impact on gross margin, because if you're doing the same volumes at a higher price, with the same number of people, that helps your gross margin. So we shouldn't overlook that. However, in my mind, the big drivers of gross margin are in the 2010 initiatives. So the automation, which is fully completed now of our HPV preparation in our major laboratories, the hematology automation which is a very substantial project but is going to lead to very substantial savings and improved turnaround times for our customers, the improvement in Patient Service Center workflow through appointment scheduling, the improvement in Patient Service Center workflow through the IT improvements that basically allow the phlebotomist to accession the specimens in Patient Service Centers, which means that they don't have to be re-accessioned when they get to the laboratories. So these are all major contributors to the gross margin improvement, and the gross margin improvement is three consecutive quarters year-over-year. So obviously, it's not all from pricing. It's considerably contributed to by the efficiency initiatives that we've undertaken. And I would also comment on that, in undertaking these efficiency initiatives, one of our major areas of focus has been to move our personnel out of the "back office" and into customer facing position. So we've been able to increase the number of phlebotomists, increase the number of couriers, increase the number of service personnel without -- and still have gross margin improvement. And then the last thing I should mention is just, very aggressive optimization of the supply chain in terms of vendor relationships, inventory management. I mean, all of those things have been material as well.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: In the hematology automation, where are you in that process?
David King: All of the major core laboratories are done. So that's fully into the run rate.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG: Can you maybe talk about the drugs of abuse testing a little bit? Just if possible, maybe quantify the positive contribution to volume and maybe the drag to pricing?
William Hayes: Ralph, it's Brad. I think Steve said it was up 15% and it's about 5% of our volume. So that's going to imply 0.7 or 0.8, I think, impact on the total. And then on the price side, it's going to be a hindrance to price of just a few basis points less than that. So not a tremendous impact on total revenue, but certainly driving some volume growth, but detracting from the price component a little bit. I want to get back to something I said earlier and that would be one of the considerations. Again, when we look at the business first quarter to second and look at a number of moving parts that we mentioned today, even taking that component out of the analysis for both the first and second quarters, we think the business performed very much in the second quarter like it did in the first quarter.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG: Just to be clear, you said 5% of volumes drugs of abuse?
William Hayes: Yes, approximately.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG: I thought you said that margins where impacted in the quarter by acquisition transition costs. I guess, how material is that? I mean, any color there?
William Hayes: Yes, I mean, we've got, obviously, some acquisitions that we haven't fully integrated yet. And also, the deal costs associated with those that are now, as of last year, I guess hit the P&L as opposed to get considered in the deal cost. And I would just say that's a pretty meaningful impact in the quarter of something between 50 and 100 basis points negative impact on the margin. Now some of that will not be erased immediately, especially as we consider back to some of Dave's comments about the Westcliff integration. That's certainly a drag in the quarter. Even though it's two weeks, it's certainly impacting a little bit on the quarter and will continue to impact going forward.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG: Maybe, I guess, where are you with LabCorp 2010 initiatives? Obviously, we're seeing it show up in the numbers. Just wondering kind of how much more in terms of that specific program.
David King: Well, Ralph, it's Dave. I mean, we're never going to be done with it. And I think that's probably the best thing that we've learned, is that every time that we make one of these major improvements, we find other opportunities. So in terms of quantifying -- have we reduced the run rate gross by the $100 million number that we said we were going to, I think with this second bad debt reduction number which I attribute to the 2010 initiatives, I think we're pretty close to having accomplished what we said. But the learning has been that as we've really focused on lab operations, focused on PSC operations, focused on the supply chain, that there's still more room there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray.
William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies: I just want to follow-up on a couple of earlier questions. Dave, can you talk a little about how office visits trended throughout the quarter? And then, did we see any changes here as we got toward the end of 2Q? Or you've been taking a look at the first couple of weeks of 3Q?
David King: I think the IMS data suggest that office visits year-over-year were down about 5% in May and 5% in June, if I'm thinking about the numbers right. Maybe it was April and May. But we saw physician office visits declines of about 5%. And as Brad said earlier, that's directional, it's not perfect. But the big declines, and this is not a surprise to anybody, OB/GYN, primary care and my thesis is you're seeing a lot of people who are not getting their annual physical. They're not going in for their annual checkups. They're deferring or postponing non-acute visits. And I'm not going to talk about -- I don't know what the answer is for the first two weeks of 3Q. I wouldn't tell you if I did know because we don't talk about our quarters while we're in them. But I don't see anything that's changing materially. I don't see anything that's changed significantly in the office visit environments since the beginning of this year and even the 4Q of last year.
William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies: And so just taking a look forward here, Dave. Presumably then, as you think about the guidance for the back half of the year, you're not assuming any meaningful improvement to that environment?
David King: Correct.
William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies: Top test for the quarter. I don't think you mentioned it. If you did, I apologize. But could you give a little color there?
David King: I don't think we usually do mention it. So I don't think we've broken with any President by not mentioning it. I mean, it shouldn't be any surprise that, and I'm not going to say any particular top test is, but we continue to see strong growth in Vitamin D. We continue to see strong growth in HPV and some of the Esoteric testing. The Anatomic Pathology, as previously mentioned, was down a little bit, although the trend was better. We're actually seeing positive trends in some of the core testing like hemoglobin A1C, lipid testing, thyroid testing. So there's a good mix of areas where we're seeing volumes improve on a test-by-test basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess I wanted to just go back to Westcliff. What is the timing of the FTC review? And can you just update us, it seems like $100 million revenue operation in a state as big as California, seems like an odd thing to be looking at. So maybe, can you just sort of update us on why that review is even going on?
David King: Well, answer to the first question, we don't know the timing. The FTC has said they are reviewing the transaction. We are providing them the information that they want to look at. Our hope is that they will complete the review expeditiously and clear the transaction. As a reminder, the purchase price was below the Hart-Scott-Rodino threshold, so this was not a transaction that we even had to file for clearance on. In terms of why the FTC is reviewing it, I have no idea.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: And I guess just going back to some of Brad's comments about Westcliff and the impact that it's having. If there's any discrete way or sort of way to frame the margin impact on a quarterly basis while you wait for the FTC, if you could just help us think about how that's sort of built in to your thought process in the second half?
David King: Well, maybe just explain the structure of what it is. So Westcliff is being run as a separate business. There is a manager of the business who runs the business, and then there is a monitor who oversees the business to make sure that any actions that are taken do not compromise the standalone nature of the former Westcliff business. So those are where decisions are made. The only thing I think we can say from a margin perspective, Darren, is, right now, the expenses are higher than the revenues. And so that has a negative effect on margins.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: And you've assumed that for the balance of the year? Is that what's in the guidance?
David King: That's right.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: And then, my last thing was really just going back to bad debt. I wanted to just clarify something and maybe dive a little bit more deeply into this. Are you saying that there's now a 50 basis point improvement versus what you originally had? And can you just clarify those comments and what is, I guess, the bad debt outlook at this point? And then Brad, obviously, a good result, David mentioned a lot of the hard work that goes into that kind of result. But is this mix-driven in any way or is this just really more about process?
David King: First, to review the numbers, we've reduced 25 basis points in the first quarter and then an additional 25 in the second. So year-over-year, you're right, it's 50. But sequentially, it's 25 and I have to say, I think we said this on our first quarter call, that we expected the 25 in the first quarter. I think the 25 in the second is because we're doing better than we would have thought. I would say that, no, mix is not at all a driver of our improvements. The driver of our improvements are the initiatives that we first laid out back in the middle of 2008 that haven't changed in terms of what they are, but have changed in terms of how we're executing against them. We continue to make progress in all of those initiatives. I won't say that we haven't added any, but those foundational initiatives are still alive and well. And as I look at what's in front of us, I think, again, we still have opportunity to do better. There is process improvement in the area. There is performance by individuals improvement in the area and it's completely our results or a result of all that heavy lifting as opposed to anything that's fundamentally going on. We look at credit card default rates and consumer information and I don't think the environment has gotten any easier. It may have plateaued, so it's not continuing to get worse. But I just see that as sort of the fact that maybe one headwind we were fighting for a while has subsided a little bit. But still, they plateaued at very high levels compared to history. It's completely the initiatives and the heavy lifting.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Vendetti with Maxim Group.
Anthony Vendetti: A quick follow-up on two things. On the volume, that was down, and you highlighted the office visits that were down. Do you believe that, that is a bottom and it's stabilized or is it too early to be able to tell whether or not this would continue? And would you attribute that to unemployment? Or what do you think is the cause for that?
David King: I think it's too early to tell. I mean, I don't think we're seeing big month-over-month declines. It has gotten worse from the beginning of the year when you look at the year-over-year perspective. But in my mind, there are a couple of things going on and they tie together. One is, we're not seeing job creation in the private sector. So unemployment remains high and most job creation is not coming from private sector jobs. What that translates into is that managed care enrollment, commercial managed care enrollment is down. And with commercial managed care enrollment down, that translates into people are not insured. And as a consequence, they're choosing -- it isn't that they are going to the doctor as uninsured patients, it's that they're staying home. And if you just look at our percentage of uninsured, one would have thought in the abstract that with the number of uninsured in the U.S. going up and the number of people losing their jobs, you would have thought our uninsured patient count would have gone up, it went down. And again, I think it's because people without insurance are staying home and that's why doctor visits are down, and even people with insurance who feel that they can skip that annual checkup, that wellness checkup, are staying home as well. So in my mind, the answer is, I don't know whether we're at the bottom and I don't think we're going to see a lot of change until we start to see job creation in the private sector which leads to increased managed care enrollment.
Anthony Vendetti: And then the follow up was on the renewals and I know you touched on this. Most of the major contracts, well, at least, WellPoint, CIGNA into 2013, nothing really sizable this year. But you said that there were some sizable ones in 2011. Did you want to name the ones in there? And if not, if you could just say what percent of your book of business those sizable contracts that are up for renewal in 2011 would account for?
David King: I don't want to name them and they're not big enough in and of themselves to be materially impactful to our total book of business.
Operator: And your final question today comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: Obviously, there's been a lot of questions here on the managed care pricing. I guess, if we focus just on your managed care fee-for-service line and the revenue per requisition growth data that you provide which obviously was 3% growth in this past quarter and is kind of embedded in that 3% to 4% range. Is there any reason to think that the growth numbers reported in that line going forward are going to be really any different than the trends we've seen over the past 12 to 18 months?
David King: No reason that I can think of.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: I may have missed this, but as far as the price tag on Westcliff, I think it was suggested that if you place it, it was kind of in that $57 million to $58 million range. Is that essentially the ballpark of where it was or were there some debt assumption on top of that? I'm just trying to get a read on the full price tag on that.
David King: I think it's a public record in the bankruptcy court that it was $56.5 million all in.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. King for closing remarks.
David King: Thank you very much, everyone for listening to the LabCorp Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Call, and we hope you have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-21 17:00:00) =====
Brian Zimmerman: Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets Glenn Greenberg - Brave Warrior Kemp Dolliver - Avondale Partners Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray Gary Taylor - Citi Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo. Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter 2010 Laboratory Corporation of America, earnings conference call. My name is Jasmine and Ill be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. David King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of LabCorp; you may proceed sir.
David King: Thank you Jasmine. Good morning and welcome to LabCorps 2010 first quarter conference call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Director, Investor Relations. This morning we will discuss our first quarter 2010 results, highlight some of our strategic initiatives, and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. Id now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson who has a few comments before we begin.
Steve Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and the internet. Please refer to todays press release for replay information. This morning the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to todays press release, which is available on our website for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during todays call to GAAP. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call, and these statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change; based upon various important factors that could affect the companys financial results. These factors are set forth in detail in our 2009 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements, even if our expectations change. Now, Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
Brad Hayes: Thank you, Steve. By now you should have had a chance to review our first quarter results. On todays call Ill discuss four key measures of our financial performance; cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. First, cash flow. Our cash flow trends remain excellent. Free cash flow for the trailing twelve months ended March 31, 2010 increased 17% to $777 million, compared to $663.9 million in 2009, net of transition payments to United Healthcare. We are also pleased with our strong cash collection efforts in the quarter, as evidenced by significant improvement in DSO. DSO at the end of March was 46 days, an improvement of six days year-over-year. Although DSO increased two days sequentially, this increase is typical from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. As a result of our success in cash collections, we reduced our bad debt rate by 25 basis points. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 3.3% year-over-year in the first quarter. During the quarter we achieved strong growth in revenue per requisition, which increased 6.4% year-over-year. The growth in revenue per requisition is attributable to mix shift, increases in test per requisition and rate increases. The revenue growth per requisition was also impacted by the Canadian exchange rate, Monogram and the lost government contracts, which together improved revenue per requisition by 3.5%. Total company volume decreased 3% year-over-year. Excluding Canada, volume decreased 3.3% year-over-year. Inclement weather had a significant impact on the first quarter, resulting in an estimated 1.3% reduction in our volumes. Also the termination of two large government contracts at the end of the second quarter of 2009 reduced volume by 2.4%. Excluding these items, domestic volume increased 0.4% in the quarter. Esoteric volume increased 5.3% in the quarter. We estimate that bad weather lowered revenue by $23 million, and EPS by $0.08 in the quarter. Third, margin. For the first quarter our adjusted operating income margin was 20.4%. This margin decreased 40 basis points year-over-year, due primarily to the impact of weather. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of March we had cash of $172.2 million, and approximately $440 million available under our revolving line of credit. At the end of March, total debt was $1.3 billion, including $20 million drawn down on our revolving credit facility. During the first quarter we repurchased $105.7 million of stock, representing approximately 1.4 million shares. At the end of March, approximately $216.1 million of repurchased authorization remained under our previously approved share repurchase program. This morning we reaffirmed our 2010 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 2.5% to 4.5%. Adjusted EPS in the range of $5.35 to $5.55, excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after March 31, 2010. Operating cash flow of approximately $870 million, excluding any transition payments made to United Health Care and capital expenditures of approximately $135 million. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
David King: Thank you Brad. We are very pleased with our first quarter results. Despite severe weather we grew revenue by 3.3%. We also grew esoteric revenue by approximately 5.2%. Taking into account weather and the previously lost contracts, total company volume increased by 0.5%. Revenue per requisition remained strong, increasing 6.4%. Our continuing focus on optimizing our business would have resulted in operating margin expansion, but for the impact of weather. In addition, gross profit margin expanded year-over-year by 20 basis points in the quarter and would have expanded further, but for the weather impact. This is a good indicator of the success of our key initiatives to optimize our business. I would briefly discuss these initiatives, which are focused on enhancing the patient and physician experience. First, we continue to improve the patient experience through online appointment scheduling and automating the workflow in our patient service centers. More than 80% of the patients that visit our patient service centers now have access to our online appointment scheduling, and they have responded favorably to it. Patients can now schedule appointment times that are convenient for them, and typically get in and out of our facilities within approximately 10 minutes. Later this year we will introduce second-generation online appointment scheduling, which will provide further improvements for our patients. We have also automated the workflow system in our patient service centers, to guide [Inaudible] through the specimen collection process via a pictorial touch screen interface. The system provides standardized processes across our patient service centers, helping to eliminate unnecessary steps and improving speed and accuracy in the collection process. Second, we continue to make significant strides in our lab automation, through our protodyne subsidiary. This automation improves throughput, speed and accuracy of testing, and improves turn around time, giving physicians and patients faster access to even more reliable results. Third, we continue to enhance our IT capabilities with a focus on online services, client connectivity and analytic tools. As part of our open platform strategy, we interface with thousands of VMR and EHR systems, enabling physicians to easily order testing and receive results. Later this year we will roll out IT improvements that will make it easier for physicians to order testing and receive actionable diagnostic information from LabCorp. As we have said, our strategy is to be the leader in personalized diagnostic medicine. The realization of the potential of personalized medicine will be heavily dependent on the identification of markers and genetic characteristics of disease. Yesterday we announced the formation of a joint venture with Duke University Medical Center to commercialize such biomarkers. The biomarker factory is designed to discover, validate and translate new biomarkers into wildly available clinical tools, that can measure individual therapeutic responses, predict disease progression, and evaluate biologic or disease causing processes. Biomarkers are currently being used in developing treatments for many forms of cancer, as well as for many diseases such as alzheimers, cardiovascular and hepatitis-C. The biomarker factory will position LabCorp squarely on the pathway from the research bench to the physician office. This venture will contribute to the realization of the promise of individualized medicine, and will assist physicians in understanding how to use newly developed biomarkers to improve patient outcomes, and reduce healthcare costs. In summary, we are pleased with our first quarter performance and remain very excited about our future growth opportunities and the strategic initiatives that will help us to capitalize on them. Now Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Steve Anderson: Thank you Dave. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? In the first quarter, approximately 36% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. Our goal over the next three to five years is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 40% of revenue. What are your plans for uses of free cash flow during 2010? We remain committed to returning value to our shareholders. First by using our free cash flow to grow our business through strategic acquisitions and licensing agreements; and second, through continuing our approved share repurchase programs. The acquisition market remains attractive with a number of opportunities to strengthen our scientific capabilities, grow our esoteric testing franchise and increase our presence in key geographic areas. Historically we have been a consistent buyer of our own shares. Since the beginning of 2006, the company has repurchased approximately $2 billion worth of its stock. Can you remind us of how drugs of abuse volume trended during the year? In the quarter, our drugs of abuse volume increased 6.8% year-over-year. That compares to year-over-year decreases of 6.5% in Q4 of 2009, 15% in Q3 of 2009, 19% in Q2 of 2009, and 20.1% in Q1 of 2009. What is the status of your transition payments to United Health Care? In the quarter the company was billed $10.1 million in transition payments, and paid $14.5 million in transition payments. To-date, LabCorp has been billed a total of $118.8 million, and paid $117.3 million in transition payments to United Health Care. As a reminder, our obligation to reimburse United Health Care for transition payments ended on December 31, 2009. We expect the final invoices for these payments to be processed over the next quarter, and we continue to expect that final amount to be in the range of $125 million. We will update you on these final payments next quarter. Now, Id like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David King: Thank you Steve. In summary we are pleased with our performance this quarter and are optimistic about our business in 2010 and beyond. Thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein of Barclays Capital; you may proceed sir.
Adam Feinstein: Yes, thank you. Good morning everyone. I appreciate all of the details there. Maybe just if you could talk a little bit about just with weather, so February was a little weak, obviously there was a lot of bad weather in February, but then do people go back to the doctor in March. Im just trying to figure out, did you see a bump-up in March as some of that volume came back, or if some of that does not come back; how are you guys thinking about that; just a big picture question there?
Brad Hayes: I understand. The way that we think about it is that some of it comes back. Typically after a severe weather, we do see a small increase in volumes in the next several days, but clearly it doesnt all come back, and the reason I say that is, if you think about who is getting testing -- first of all, on days when doctors offices are closed, people are just not going to the doctor, and whether those patients all come back or dont come back, we have no way of knowing. Second of all, you have the person who goes to the doctors office and gets a slip for a blood draw, and then there is weather and they cant get to the patient service center for two or three days, and they feel better, so they just dont go, and that volume doesnt entirely come back. So you cant look at weather and say We lost this much, but we gained this much back. I think the way we quantify it is, we look at what is the typical experience given the day of the week, the month, the strength of the day, how much did we see a decline; offset that by if we saw anything unusual, immediately following, and thats how we reach the quantification.
Adam Feinstein: Okay great, and I guess the only part that would be this pathology piece. If surgeries were pushed back and they got reschedule for the next month, I guess there may be some pick up there.
Brad Hayes: Yes, you could see a little bit of pick up there, but again, I think that the pathology and oncology business probably tend to be less weather affected just because of the nature of the illness, but they also were a smaller component of total volume.
Adam Feinstein: Okay, fair enough. Then just with respect to volumes, obviously weve seen your volumes and others, and clearly there was impact from weather in the quarter, but even ex weather has continued softness, just with anecdotes about less people going to being a doctor and such. I guess how are you guys thinking about your market share, and so instantly its always hard to really gauge, but do you think with the slowdown that everyone is seeing the same slow down outside of the two major companies. So, Im just trying to think about how you guys think about whether you think you have stable market share or just any thoughts there?
Brad Hayes: Yes, I think we have stable to slightly growing market share. I do think, and thats particularly in the core business and what I would describe as the non-pathology esoteric business. I think they are our market shares, stable and even slightly gaining. I think the pathology business, we have not been gaining market share, and I think there is several reasons for that. One is the physician in-sourcing that we talked about. The second is the very difficult competitive environment, and the relative ease of entry into the market. So I kind of draw a circle around the pathology business and say, Our market share there has not been increasing, but the rest of the business I think our market share is stable and even slightly growing.
Adam Feinstein: And then just my final question, its just on the guidance. You guys maintain guidance even with some of the negative impact in the quarter. So I guess, is there some assumption of margins being better. Im just trying to think about how you guys are thinking about the guidance and what are the puts and takes there?
Brad Hayes: Adam this is Brad. I think our guidance is a fairly wide range still at this point, and has a lot of likely outcomes. If I think about some of the puts and takes, I mean obviously you can see we had a pretty significant increase in our revenue per requisition, up 6.4%, and there are some contributes to that that will more than likely annualize during the year; the monogram acquisition we mentioned, the Canadian exchange rate would be one thats hard to call, the lost contracts we will annualize for certain. So I would expect to see that number moderate over the course of the year, and then volume would need to be there to offset it, and some of the factors that I mentioned will also have counter impacts from annualization as well. So I think just after one quarter of results we are still comfortable with our guidance where it is, and again we will be looking to perform for the rest of the year.
Adam Feinstein: Thank you very much.
Brad Hayes: Adam, this is Dave; just one thing to add to that. Our guidance does not imply the add back of the weather. So in maintaining our guidance, it doesnt imply that we are adding back the $0.08 of weather impact this quarter.
Adam Feinstein: Okay great. Okay, thank you for clarifying that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Willoughby of Bank of America. You may proceed.
Bob Willoughby: Hey Dave you touched on it I think briefly, but I guess if I look at that histology business and the volumes and the model let out at the current rate. For the next 10 years or so you will be completely out of the business by then. Is there a new approach or a new answer to why the attrition on the histology side is going to slow down here, but for acquisitions, I mean what can you do organically to stop that attrition relative to the trend its been on.
Brad Hayes: In the first place Bob, I think the physician in-sourcing, weve seen the largest impact of, and physician in-sourcing generally works with large physician groups, and frequently with highly specialized physician groups, and so its urology, its dermatology where we have seen a lot of the impact, and I think that for the most part the big customers we are going to in-source have the in-source. I think in the competitive, the rest of the -- and I should say there, I am optimistic that as part of overall healthcare reform, there will be a hard look in Washington at what does in-sourcing and these types of activities do to utilization, and from a regulatory perspective what should be permitted. So I dont think the in-sourcing trend is going to continue forever. We go back to the history of the Shell Labs and the Pod labs, and these are not trends that I think go on indefinitely. On the competitive environment, the landscape is difficult. There are a lot of strong competitors in the market place, and my answer to that would be, we just have to pick up our game competitively; pick up our game in terms of manual work [ph], we have to pick up our game in terms of customer service. I think the IT initiatives will make it easier for doctors to order that type of testing from us. So we are not giving up and we have no intension of exiting the market. Part of it is not within our control and part of it is.
Bob Willoughby: Okay, and the 25 bips improvement in the bad debt metric, is that the run rate for this year. You sounded somewhat optimistic. There is more leverage on that front this year, but is that too much to hope for?
Brad Hayes: Bob, this is Brad. We are always looking to do better on that metric. So I think our initiatives are still working, they are still helping us, and I would expect over time, I wouldnt give you a definitive timeline, but we still think there is room for improvement in the bad debt rate.
Bob Willoughby: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich of RBC Capital Markets. You may proceed.
Kevin Ellich: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just going back to the guidance, I want to make sure that the $0.08 weather impact is not included in the guidance. So basically we could theoretically look at your guidance as $0.08 higher.
David King: Kevin, its Dave. The $0.08 of weather is not included in the guidance. Now you can look at our guidance as $0.08 higher, but thats not the way that I look at it. I look at the guidance was intended to encompass a broad range of potential outcomes, and if I look at the $1.30 that we recorded versus the $1.31 consensus in the quarter, what I see is, by maintaining our guidance the same we havent taken back the $0.08 of weather, but that $0.08 of weather never really materializes in terms of what we report. So I look at our guidance as being what it previously was, and I dont look at it as were raised by $0.08. I look at it as we had an unusual weather impact, but we recorded a $1.30, and for the balance of the year we are going to record exactly what we think we are going to record within the range that weve given you.
Kevin Ellich: Okay, thats helpful, thanks Dave. Another competitor reported today, and they indicated that volume trends were kind of weak across the board, and they were pointing to physician office business and script data. I was just wondering what you think about that, and how you think we should think about some of that data thats provided from sources like IMS.
Brad Hayes: Well, we have been busy preparing for our calls, so we havent really had an opportunity to review what anybody else did today, but what I would say is I think the IMS data is directionally helpful, not the script data, which I think really has very little relationship to the lab. I think its directionally helpful Kevin, but I dont think that it is in and of itself, something you can draw a straight line and say lab volume follows IMS physician office volumes. For example, this year in the first quarter we had a very light flu season. So physician office business maybe down year-over-year because of flu comparables, and yet we know historically flu has very little impact on our reference land business one way or the other. So we certainly see the same things, both anecdotally and otherwise we see physician practices that are closing, we see physicians reporting fewer patients, we see hospitals buying physician practices because the physicians financially would rather not continue in their current state, but its hard to put anecdotes and data into anything other than the volume we report, which I think we feel quite good about for the quarter.
Kevin Ellich: Okay, and then looking at the strong pricing this quarter, it looks like the other esoteric testing bucket increased 13%. How much of that was attributed to monogram, or was monogram a big factor in that?
Brad Hayes: Kevin, this is Brad. No, monogram is not in that category, its in the genetic category. So what you are seeing in the other esoteric bucket is largely driven by Vitamin D.
Kevin Ellich: Vitamin D, okay. And then owing to the other genomic testing bucket, it looks like the number of the session has actually declined in the quarter. Was that weather related or would it be something else that impacted that?
Brad Hayes: Kevin, this is Brad again. I attribute it to weather. I mean up and down the payer mix schedule, as well as the test mix schedule, there is going to be weather noise.
Kevin Ellich: Okay, and then just going back to the physician in-sourcing comment, Dave do you think Medicare will do something or address this in 2010?
Dave King: I think its very optimistic to think that it would be addressed in 2010. We would certainly like it to be addressed in 2010, but theres a lot going on in FCMS and in Washington generally with helps reform, and it just depends how high this gets on the list of regulatory priorities. So it continue to be something that we are concerned about, again from a health care cost and a public policy standpoint, and we continue to emphasize to regulators that it should be a concern for them, and that they should look at objective data and see if it is leading to increases in utilization or inappropriate utilization, but I think for something to happen this year is not in our expectations.
Kevin Ellich: Okay, and then last question. It looks like you guys might have a small investment in modality. Im just wondering if you can talk a little bit about that and what you expect to see?
Dave King: We do have a small investment in that company, and we think they have some very innovative cancer diagnostic assets. As you know, and as we have said, we are very much focused on individualized and personalized medicine. I think oncology and the treatment of cancer is going to be a very, very substantial growth area, and I think it will be one of the areas in which we see the realization of the promise of personalized medicine most quickly. So our investment and modality is an attempt to further increase our leadership position in personalized medicine and specifically in diagnosis and treatment of cancer.
Kevin Ellich: Excellent! Thanks, and a nice quarter.
Dave Kings: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair. You may proceed.
Amanda Murphy: Hi, good morning. So this is just a follow-up to a previous question regarding Vitamin D. Given that thats been such a driver of sort of the other esoteric bucket, just curious how much more traction you think you can get there, and is there anything else coming down the pipe that you think could be as influential?
Dave King: Amanda, its Dave. I think there is still opportunity in Vitamin D. Obviously weve seen very significant growth in this test. At the same time, if you look at some of the recent publications about Vitamin D, this originally was a test that was thought to be very highly correlated. Vitamin D deficiency was thought to be very highly correlated with bone disease and osteoporosis. But the papers that have been coming out show correlation with development of certain types of cancer, and one of the most recent papers showed a correlation between Vitamin D deficiency and an overall morbidity and mortality. There was also a recent paper that showed that even within the first two years of life, there is a substantial portion of the input population thats Vitamin D deficient. So I think there is still opportunity for growth in Vitamin D. Obviously its not going to continue to grow at the rate that it has. In terms of what else is in the pipeline, I would just go back to the history of clinical laboratory testing. Part of the reason that we offer over 4000 tests is that as scientific discoveries were made, as clinical practice advances, there is up take in testing that may have been under appreciated for substantial periods of time. So cystic fibrosis several years ago when Acog made the recommendation for cystic fibrosis screening, that test has been around for a long time without a lot of utilization. Vitamin D around for a long time without a lot of utilization. We continue to bring new test to market, but we also continue to offer the broadest menus, so that as clinical and medical practice and science advances, we have the ability to capitalize. I think one of the nice things about the collaboration with Duke on the biomarker factory is exactly that we will be involved with a first rate academic medical center in discovery and commercialization of new test that will be focused on two things; better treatment of disease and lowering the cost of our healthcare system.
Amanda Murphy: Okay and just as a follow-on to that, I think in the past youve talked about your outcome programs as being a strategic focus like Litholink, and some parents have reacted well to those programs. I am just curious if you can provide an update and also to the extent that you are working to expand those types of programs into other disease states as well.
Dave King: Litholink has been a great acquisition for us. The kidney stone program has been very successful and has grown very nicely. The chronic kidney disease program, we have a terrific program. As we put it out into the market place we discovered that there were some things about the work flow in the program that were causing physicians difficulties. So again as part of the IT initiatives we are talking about, we are really retooling the chronic kidney program to make it fit more seamlessly into the physician office workflow, and then I expect that we will see very positive growth there, and we are continuing to work on outcome improvement programs for other chronic diseases that we think will be impactful. Again come back to the same thing; better treatment, lower costs.
Amanda Murphy: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed.
Brian Zimmerman: Good morning. This is Bryan Zimmerman filling in for Darren Lehrich. I was wondering if you can talk a little bit more about the increased competition you referred to at the pathology segment. Where do you think the competition is coming from outside of the hospital-based labs?
Dave King: Well, first there is a lot of competition from hospitals, because hospitals themselves have pathologists, and to the extent that they have owned clinics or affiliated clinics, they are very competitive for that, to bring that pathology work in house. Second there are independent community pathologists who may be individuals who are in small groups, who may have particular affiliations with medical groups that give them an opportunity to gain business. Third; there are other independent clinical laboratories that are focused on pathology, and many of them are very highly specialized, they are very highly pathology focused, and many of them have very good offerings, both from a service and a substantive prospective. I dont think their offerings are any better than hours, but again we offered 4,400 tests; they offer a very limited and highly specialized menu; and as I mentioned, the barriers to entry in the pathology business are relatively low. So thats a fact of life in the market place, and as I said before, we are going to pick up our game to improve our performance here, but we are fully capable of competing head-to-head against anybody, based on our capabilities and our service and our test menu.
Brian Zimmerman: Okay thanks, and then I guess just one follow-up question. Can you elaborate a little bit more about the $9.3 million restructuring charge taken in the first quarter, and also do you see any further restructuring charges going forward this year?
Brad Hayes: Bryan, this is Brad Hayes. Part of the $9.3 million restructuring charge related to severance, where we are consolidating some activities that are spread around the country into one facility or smaller number of facilities, so there is some job loss associated with that. There is another portion of the $9.3 million that relates to some abandoned IT systems that we decided during the quarter we were going to abandon, and thats the charge that represents those activities. Hard to predict the future of those, but we are continually evaluating our foot print, our patient service centers, our organization and opportunities for efficiencies, and sometimes the actions to change some of those things result in these type of charges.
Brian Zimmerman: Okay, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci with Lazard Capital Markets. You may proceed.
Tom Gallucci: Thanks. I just have a handful of follow-ups if I could. Not to be a dead horse on the histology area, but just curious, are there any particular sub-specialties that the pressure is more pronounced or is it sort of generally with an AP?
Brad Hayes: I think its generally with an AP Tom. I dont think there is anything I would single out as being particularly pronounced.
Tom Gallucci: Okay, in terms of your margins I guess, if you add back the weather impact, youre generating good margin trends, you outline the three initiatives that you are focused on. Could you give us sort of maybe a big picture, a longer term view of where you think margins can go, maybe in effect sort of youre helping us frame or quantify the impact of some of those initiatives?
Brad Hayes: Well, I think as we have said, our foundation model is that on 4% to 6% top line revenue growth we should get, all other things being equal, about 20 basis points of margin expansion. So thats how we think about the business going forward, including the leverage in the business, but it also includes the continued optimization efforts, because if you look at gross margin for example, our gross margin is heavily labor and supplies. So as volumes grows, supply costs has to grow, and the only way we can offset that is by becoming more efficient, which is what our lab automation programs are about. Labor; there is always upward pressure on labor expense because of the cost of living and wage rate adjustments. So again, our optimization programs are designed to offset some of those costs. So the way I would think about it is you know the foundation models say 4% to 6% top line growth should get you 20 basis points of margin expansion, and included in the puts and takes are all the efforts that we are continuing to make to optimize the business.
Tom Gallucci: Not necessarily over and above that, but sort of included in there.
Brad Hayes: Thats the way I think about it.
Tom Gallucci: Okay, thats helpful thank you. Then I guess just a last one on the guidance, just to make sure I am clear, you sort of had the $0.08 hit on the weather, and you mentioned that it takes into account a variety of potential outcomes. I guess on the flipside you dont necessarily include buy backs in there, right. So given you did some buy back activity in the quarter, that would have been something that would have been an added positive versus the weather being negative to the original guidance, is that fair?
Brad Hayes: Tom, this is Brad. Yes, thats fair, but I think given the level of repurchase that we did, yes it still falls within the range.
Tom Gallucci: Okay, perfect thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karen Blanchet with Brave Warrior. You may proceed.
Glenn Greenberg: Hi, this is Glenn Greenberg, good morning. On the Duke biomarker factory, I wonder if you could talk about which tests or treatment guides you think are closest to market, and how important they could be?
Brad Hayes: Good morning Glenn. The closest thing to market right now is the IL 28 marker for Hepatitis C, which is basically ready and is in the licensing process, and thats a marker of responsiveness to Hepatitis C therapy for individual patients, and I think could be quite impactful if you look at the epidemiologist predictions about the growth in Hepatitis C in the United States. Its going to past what we saw with the HIV experience in terms of infectious disease. There are some markers relating to guiding physicians who were treating cancer. In selection of chemotherapeutic agents, there was a separate company form for the commercialization of those markers which is called Cancer Guide, and which were an investor. So those are probably the closest things to market. I think there is a good deal of ongoing discovery work, and well continue to update you on what we are seeing in biomarkers and what we think as reasonably ready for commercialization.
Glenn Greenberg: And what about a test that would indicate the presence of cancer in early stage, will that be part of the focus?
David King: Absolutely, and we still are hopeful that at some point the FDA will let us bring all the share back to the market in some form or another.
Glenn Greenberg: Okay, and how much is the Hepatitis C test going to cost?
David King: We dont know at this point. As I say, the intellectual property is not owned by us, and we are still in discussions about licensing.
Glenn Greenberg: Okay, thank you.
David King: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kemp Dolliver with Avondale Partners. You may proceed.
Kemp Dolliver: Hi, good morning. First question relates to Monogram; could you discuss where you stand with both the infrastructure integration, and then also progress on growing the revenue for the two main tests you have there?
David King: Sure. First of all, I just want to reiterate that from a strategic prospective monogram is exactly the kind of acquisition we want to do because of the personalized characteristic of the testing, because of obviously the esoteric nature of the testing, the focus on both genetic testing and on oncology, and the focus on infectious disease. So we are very happy that monogram is part of our family. In terms of the infrastructure integration, I think its gone quite well. We continue to do the profile testing at the monogram facility out in South San Francisco, and its been nicely in terms of ordering and logistics, and all those things has been nicely integrated into the LabCorp system. The HERmark [ph] test, which is the oncology test, is actually being moved into being sold by our oncology sales force, and over time we probably will move the performance of that test into one of the laboratories that performs our oncology testing, just so that we dont have specimen transportation, and other issues with it. But, again we think there is very nice opportunity in the HERmark test for patients who are either falsely positive or falsely negative by traditional HER2. So all in all Im very pleased. Revenue has probably been consistent with what we thought it would be, and once we fully integrate all of the IT capabilities and the test ordering and result delivery capabilities, I expect to see that revenue growth.
Kemp Dolliver: How much do you think you reduced the EPS drag, relative to Q4s $0.08?
David King: The guidance I think that we gave on the acquisition was that monogram would be slightly accreted this year, and so Q1 was better than Q4 in terms of the drag, but we still are not to breakeven to slightly accretive, which is where we expect to be by the end of the year.
Kemp Dolliver: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. You may proceed.
Bill Quirk: Thanks, good morning guys. First of Brad, you mentioned that the earnings impacts in weather obviously several times now, and talked at least directionally the impact on the P&L. Could you give us a little more specificity to the extent that you have it on the expense impact for both costs and service, as well as on SG&A?
Brad Hayes: Sure Bill. The revenue is as you said; we quantify that by taking the volume that we estimate we lost from assumed price. On the expense side we know that we automatically get supplies, and bad debt would have been part of that expense base, and then the compute the ultimate drop down we have another small layer of variable costs. When we loose revenue due to weather its a relatively robust drop down, because you may see it in the SG&A line which was higher as a percent of sales than in the prior year first quarter. Those costs are basically fixed, and so are a lot of our other costs when we think about rental or maintenance of premises and careers and things of that nature, patient service centers, all those costs are still in there. So we think it has a pretty high drop down when we loose weather related business.
Bill Quirk: So is it safe to say then its going to be roughly two thirds costs of service, roughly one third SG&A, is that the right way to think about it?
Brad Hayes: Well I think of the all in drop down as about 70% of the revenue number roughly speaking, and a big chunk of that is related to supplies and bad debt. We are certainly dont have those, and then some other costs as well factor into that calculation.
Bill Quirk: Okay, and then on the KDM price per excision, if Im doing my math correctly here, it looks like about 19% of the 23% gain was forex [ph], so we are seeing a little improvement year-over-year on the price of excision, is that the right way to think about that?
Brad Hayes: Absolutely.
Bill Quirk: Very good. Then just lastly from me, other than calling out Vitamin D earlier on the call, anything else to highlight from a testing standpoint?
David King: Bill, its Dave. Continuing to see good growth in HPV testing, and with more new tests coming to market out of the vile, were continue to see nice growth there, but Vitamin D, HPV, some of our cancer diagnostic testing, KRS and related testing, those offer relatively small base, so you wouldnt see them particularly in any place in the numbers. We had a number of tests that are moving in the right direction. Obviously they are somewhat overwhelmed in total impact by the Vitamin D growth.
Bill Quirk: Understood. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citi. You may proceed.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. Kind of a couple of questions; you guys have been I guess really the most forthright maybe the right way to say, just in terms of talking about competitive activity in your business. I dont recall it was something you talked a lot about a year or two ago. So I guess, can you help us understand, where are you seeing the most change in terms of competitive activity; obviously hospital, the labs and outreach programs etc. So in that equation of kind of the fore factors where there is competition in pathology in particular, where do you see the greatest degree of change?
David King: Gary, its Dave. I dont think the competitive landscape has changed very much in my time around the industry, which is going on ten years. Obviously there has been a lot of consolidation, which has changed the competitive landscape to some extent. I would say that the biggest change that I perceived in the competitive landscape is what I would describe as aggressive sales and marketing practices that we as a company are not comfortable with. So what I have seen in the last 18 months to two years is, I think some practices by competitors and Im not making excuses here, because as I say, we need to pick up our game, but some practices by competitors that I think helped them gain business in ways that from a legal and regulatory perspective, we are not comfortable replicating. Again as I mentioned, the physician in-sourcing are the two biggest changes in the competitive dynamic.
Gary Taylor: Looking I guess to kind of overall just core volumes, I mean really at least in my model you havent had this period of extended weakness. If you go back to kind of 04 and 05, you had a period that was similar, but certainly not as lengthy. So what do you think is the key factor that recovers core volume growth. Is it just purely employment growth and growth in the ensured workforce driving increased utilization; is that really what probably the key macro swing factor needs to be?
David King: Yes, I think when you look at loss of commercially insured lives, I think United reported another 4% loss in commercially insured lives this quarter. So you look at the continuing loss in commercially insured lives, and you look at the lack of job growth in the economy, which means as long as people are not getting jobs they are not going to be insured, those are the big factors. I mean interestingly to me we havent seen a big increase in uninsured or in-patient paid testing, either from a volume or a revenue perspective, which suggest to me that people who are not insured are fundamentally staying home.
Gary Taylor: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the mind of Ricky Goldwasser on Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Ricky Goldwasser: Good morning. Can you give us some additional color on first, what was the impact from acquisitions on top line growth in the quarter? I know youve made a couple of called in acquisitions in the fourth quarter. I just wanted to understand the impact on the 0.5% volume growth that you provided us on the call. Then also on the pricing growth, obviously very strong growth. Some of it I am assuming is coming from monogram and vitamin D. What was the impact of the weather on pricing, so when we think about modeling pricing for the remaining of the year, should we assume some step down in pricing and to what level. That is it for now.
Brad Hayes: Ricky, this is Brad, good morning. First one, acquisitions; we dont typically break those out, especially the size of acquisitions that weve done with the exception of Monogram. On Monogram what I will say and I included in our prepared comments, not specifically but I will specify now, thats about a point of our pricing growth, and you would not see it on the volume front, because it is much higher than our average price test. So it is not noticeable in the volume growth number, but about a point of the pricing number, so we dont break that out. Weather has a very much typical profile of our pricing. So the 1.3% we reported I think for revenue and volume, so there is very little in the pricing front by way of weather.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay and just on the acquisitions, can you confirm that youve made a couple of acquisitions in the first quarter? Just as we model we know when to assume the year-over-year anniversary. Then also, what is the revenue contribution for vitamin D. I know you highlighted is the key area of growth for other genomics such as KRS [ph] on the impact or what percent of total revenue it is?
David King: Ricky, its Dave. We dont break out individual tests by their percentage of revenue or their revenue contributions. Vitamin D is not only a significant grower, but is a significant test in terms of overall utilization for the company, and thats as much as we would say. As was reported, we did a couple of small acquisitions in the fourth quarter, and they are not material in terms of top line excision or revenue growth, but as weve always said, part of our foundation model is small holding acquisitions that involve increasing top line revenue and being able to take cost out post close.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse. You may proceed.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks, good morning. Just a couple of quick ones. David, I guess on the volume side going back to what Gary was sort of talking about. Obviously volumes up 0.5% when you sort of exclude some of the non-recurring if you will. What do you think about sort of volume growth going forward outside of some of the near term headwinds. Do you still think of it as sort of the historical growth rate or is it a sense of, you guys are obviously much bigger now, its going to be harder to drive that type of volumes. So love to get a big picture take on where you see normalized volumes in the future.
David King: I think its going to be hard to know when we return to the normal environment just because there are couple of new normals, one being economic and the other being Healthcare reform, but my belief is that there is still 2% to 3% volume growth that we should be seeing in the industry and then we should be getting our share off and that that should be our assumption as part of the foundation model.
Ralph Giacobbe: Alright thats helpful, just in terms in your term can you talk about may be what actions you can take to help sort of reintegrate volumes. I know in the past youve talked about sort of a sales focus on the esoteric business in the areas that arent as tied to economic factors. Anymore sort of color there or what you are dealing to drive better volume.
David King: I think we are continuing to do the same things. Focus on specialty physicians who may have reason to use more lab testing for their diagnoses treatment and monitoring of patients. I think continuing you enhance the IT capabilities to make it easier to order test, receive results, look at results over period of time. If we continue to improve the physician experience and improve the patient experience, we continue to have a robust menu of tests I think volume will take care a bit self.
Ralph Giacobbe: Just my last one, on the cost reduction side where exactly costs are sort of coming from, may be aside from just the layoffs and anyway to quantify. You talked about automation, anywhere to quantify some of the impact that may be having.
David King: I think it is pretty hard to quantify the impact. I do want to take exception to layoffs. We dont have any layoffs in 2009. We managed our personal, our headcount very, very well and the charge that you saw in this quarter is the result of consolidation of operations in which we basically offer our employees the opportunity to continue with the company, in other roles and some have chosen not to. So, what you are seeing particularly in gross margin improvement is greater efficiency in our service centers, greater efficiency in our collection process, which means less backend work on collecting. Greater efficiency in the laboratory, improvement of our performance in the supply chain and you are going to see all those costs continuing to come out. This is an ongoing process and bad debt reduction in this quarter comes from some of those processes. This is going to be an ongoing process that we think it is going to continue to help us offset some of the upper pressure that comes from labor, supplies, rent is the other big components of our cost of sales.
Ralph Giacobbe: And then just realty quick last thing; is there anyway to quantify sort of drugs of abuse testing. It sound like it bounce back a little bit, is there any way to think about it was a sort of incremental or from the easier comp that sort of help the underlying volume number, because last year obviously we are able to strip it out. Is there anyway to think about it as sort of what it added to volumes this quarter.
Brad Hayes: Ralf this is Brad, I think Steve said it was up little over 6% on its own on a volume basis and in the fourth quarter was down 6%. So if you look back at that component, it did definitely help on the volume side.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. Alright, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shelley Gnall of Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Shelley Gnall: Thanks so much for putting me on. A couple of questions, first a follow-up on the restructuring charge, it sounds like you are consolidating your work forward. Is it fare to assume thats rationalizing the workforce in response to weaker volume trends relative to historical trends.
David King: No it is not.
Shelley Gnall: Are there other parts of your labor force that are growing through, same fold to sales force?
David King: Without referring specifically to the composition of any particular part of our business, yes, generally our labor force is growing in a variety of areas phlebotomy, couriers, sales. So, yes we are continuing to hire people so that we can continue, as weve said to improve the physician and patient experience and be prepared for the return of volumes. Again the volumes that we lost, particularly the government contract and the prison contract didnt involve a lot of people. They involve the lot of pretty automated testing, so we didnt reduce a lot of people as a result of that and net of that we are still seeing volumes growing.
Shelley Gnall: Great thats, guess on a related question. Your volume trends continue to outperform your pear. Im just wondering, it sounds link you are also getting a little bit of market share in the testing outside of histology. Can you talk about a little bit about may be the strategic initiatives or sales force initiatives, or sales force expansion that may be driving the better volume in the market share grab. What do you think is some of the most important factors that drive the better volume trends?
David King: First of all let me say that our peer is a very strong competitor and that the differences in these volumes are not enormous, so I think we should keep perspective on this. I think as I said earlier our market share is stable, just slightly up outside of the histology business. I think the biggest thing is the continued initiatives to improve the patient and the physician experience, the continued focus on making it easier for doctors to order testing electronically, receive results electronically, integrate them into any electronic medical records system or electronic health record system that they choose as opposed to proprietary systems. We want to make it easier for physicians and patients to do business with LabCorp and those are the things that I think are going to help us continue to grow our volumes.
Shelley Gnall: Okay great, thanks. Just one more quick question, Im just wondering if broadly you are seeing any change in the dynamics of your conversations, your contracting discussions with the health plan.
David King: No I dont think so. The health plans are always looking for ways that they can save money and we are always looking to show them the value of laboratory testing at 2%,3% of healthcare spend driving 70%, 80% of decisions. So I think that conversation is a pretty consistent one.
Shelley Gnall: Okay, great thats so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo. You may proceed.
Gary Lieberman: Thanks for taking the question. You noted that the total payments to United would end up being about $125 million. Can you just remind us in terms of where that comes out versus what your initial expectations were and how that evolved over time, and then also maybe to what extent theres still some opportunity to increase volumes to that contract.
David King: Gary it is Dave. The initial cap was $200 million dollars, so I cannot do the math quickly in my head, but we are coming in at 125 million against the initial expectation of 200 or so, weve done substantially better. Is there opportunity to increase volume through the United contract, absolutely and we continue to focus on the opportunity to gain volume, reduce their out of network utilization in collaboration with them and continue to grow the business with a very, very valuable partner.
Gary Lieberman: If I could ask one quick follow-up on the Medicaid front; Medicaid enrollment grew pretty dramatically in parts of the country last year and overall. Is there anyway you can sort of quantify what kind of impact that had on your business, either from a volume or a pricing perspective.
Brad Hayes: Gary this is Brad. Not really noticeable in the quarter. I reviewed the Medicaid growth rate as well as the percent of sales and still pretty small for us at about 4% of sales.
Gary Lieberman: Okay Gary, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Vendetti of Maxim Group. You may proceed.
Anthony Vendetti: Okay thanks. So I want to just try to dig little more into the drug of abuse testing, which was up 6.8%, which is a very nice number for the first quarter. Is there any regional impact or any particular payer mix thats contributing to that?
David King: Anthony it is Dave. Drugs of abuses reported in our third party or other category, so its all one pair, its reported in client on the 8K, and obviously its part of core versus esoteric. Im not aware that we are seeing any particular regional trends in drugs of abuse testing that would be worthy of mention.
Anthony Vendetti: Pricing comp seems like they would get more difficult as we go through the year. Is their anything that you are seeing that would cause pricing to either slow or remain same as we move through the year?
David King: Well as Brad mentioned, we will annualize Monogram in August, so that is one percentage point of price. We will annualize the impact of the lost contracts in June, so that will make the volume copies here, but that will detract from price. We will be subject to fluctuation in the Canadian exchange rate, which has been strongly in our favor year over year, but no assurance that thats going to continue and if it starts going the other way that could have an impact on pricing. So there is some things that we know are going to change and there is at least one that is variable.
Anthony Vendetti: And lastly, are there any large contracts that you are currently bidding on that could be a positive sometime this year?
David King: Nothing that we are in a position to discuss at this point.
Anthony Vendetti: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with RBC Capital Markets. You may proceed.
Kevin Ellich: Thanks guys. Just a quick follow-up. Dave, I know you guys like the Canadian business. I was just wondering what your thoughts are regarding the funding environment up in Canada and it looks like the cap increase might slow down in 2011 once that contract expires. Any thoughts or color on that?
David King: The funding environment in Canada has always been a year-to-year proposition. I mean they have a different health care system from ours. They have different drivers of what they pay and what they are willing to pay. Again, I think of it as fundamentally a capitated system in Ontario. So, if we continue to become more efficient, we should be able to continue to be successful in the business and I dont look at the Canadian funding environment as being particularly impactful to the overall business of the company. We like the Canadian business, weve been successful with it, we continue to look to expand our opportunities there.
Kevin Ellich: Okay, and then just one last question for Brad. With the Medicare cut of 1.9%, is that about a 40 or 50 basis point impact on pricing growth?
Brad Hayes: I get a little south of there, probably in the 30-range.
Kevin Ellich: 30 basis range.
Brad Hayes: Yes.
Kevin Ellich: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Willoughby with Banc of America.
Bob Willoughby: Dave, there has been some positive headlines even from Obama, believe it or not on the need for DNA-based forensics testing. Has that translated into any renewed further activity among the States at this point, or is it still just [Inaudible] waiting for that market to open up.
David King: Bob, the identity business for us is doing quite well as is the forensics business. The challenge is, the States all want to do more but they have no budgetary resources for it, and so we are not seeing anything changing in that dynamic.
Bob Willoughby: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would like to turn the call back to Mr. David King for closing remarks. You may proceed.
David King: Thank you very much Jasmine, and thank you all for listening to our first quarter 2010 earnings conference call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day. ,

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-11 09:00:00) =====
Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings (LH):
Executives: David King  Chairman and CEO Steve Anderson  Director, IR Brad Hayes  EVP and CFO
Analysts: Kevin Ellich  RBC Capital Erin Wilson  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley Ralph Giacobbe  Credit Suisse Amanda Murphy  William Blair Bill Quirk  Piper Jaffray Tom Gallucci  Lazard Capital Markets Kemp Dolliver  Avondale Partners Shelley Gnall  Goldman Sachs Ryan Halstead  Wells Fargo Charles Rhyee  Oppenheimer Brian Sakino [ph]  Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the fourth quarter 2009 Laboratory Corporation of Americas earnings conference call. My name is Rankin and I am your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Mr. David King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed, sir.
David King: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to LabCorps 2009 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer and Steve Anderson, Director Investor Relations. This morning we will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2009 results, highlight our 2009 accomplishments, outline our priorities for 2010 and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. Id now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson who has a few comments before we begin.
Steve Anderson: Before we get started, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and internet. Please refer to todays press release for replay information. This morning, the Company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our Web site. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our Web site to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to todays press release, which is available on our Web site for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during todays call to GAAP. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call and these statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change, based upon various important factors that could affect the Companys financial results. These factors are set forth in detail in our 2008 10-K and subsequent filings. The Company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now, Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
Brad Hayes: Thank you, Steve. By now you should have had a chance to review our fourth quarter and year-end financial results. On todays call Ill discuss four key measures of our financial performance, cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. First, cash flow. Our cash flow trends remain excellent. Free cash flow for the year increased 19.8% to $747.7 million compared to $624.2 million in 2008, net of transition payments to United Healthcare. Were also pleased with our strong cash collection efforts in the quarter and throughout 2009 as evidenced by significant improvement in DSO. DSO at the end of December was 44 days, an improvement of seven days year-over-year and down four days sequentially. Our bad debt rate was stable at 5.3%. Second, revenue growth, excluding the special charge in 2008, revenue increased 3.4% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. During the quarter, we achieved strong growth in revenue per requisition which increased 4.3% year-over-year. The growth of revenue per requisition is attributable to both rate increases and mix shift. Total Company volume decreased 0.9% year-over-year. Excluding the consolidation of the Companys Ontario, Canada joint venture, volume decreased 1.5% year-over-year. As we have previously discussed, the termination of two large government contracts at the end of the second quarter reduced volume by 1.5%. Declines in our drugs of abuse testing business reduced volume by 40 basis points. Also, weather accounted for a 30 basis point reduction in our volume. Excluding these items, volume increased by 0.7% in the quarter. Esoteric volume increased 6.8% in the quarter. Third, margin, for the fourth quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 19%. This margin decreased 50 basis points year-over-year due primarily to our acquisition of Monogram Biosciences. Fourth, liquidity, we remain well-capitalized. At the end of December we had cash of $148.5 million and approximately $386 million available under our revolving line of credit. At the end of December, total debt was $1.4 billion, including $75 million drawn down on our revolving credit facility. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased $108.4 million of stock representing approximately 1.5 million shares. At the end of December, approximately $71.8 million of repurchased authorization remained under our previously approved share repurchase program. Today, the company announced that its board of directors has authorized a new stock repurchase program under which LabCorp may purchase up to an aggregate of an additional $250 million of its common stock. This morning we announced 2010 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 2.5% to 4.5%. Adjusted EPS in the range of $5.35 to $5.55, excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after December 31, 2009. Operating cash flow of approximately $870 million, excluding any transition payments made to United Healthcare and capital expenditures of approximately $135 million. We expect volume growth to remain challenging during the year, given the headwinds from previously mentioned contract losses and the economic environment. Our pricing outlook is positive, despite the 1.9% reduction in the Medicare clinical lab fee schedule. We will receive price increases from several large payers in 2010. Ill now turn the call over to Dave.
David King: Thank you, Brad. We are very pleased with our fourth quarter and 2009 results and I would like to highlight our accomplishments over the last year. During 2009, we grew our revenue by 4% despite the challenging economic environment. Importantly, we also grew our esoteric revenue by approximately 9%. We accelerated our cash collections and kept our bad debt rate at 5.3%. Our DSO improved 7 days from the fourth quarter of 2008. We continued to invest strategically, purchasing Monogram Biosciences in August to enhance our industry leadership in companion diagnostics, infectious disease and oncology testing. The integration of Monogram remains on track. We strengthened our capital structure by redeeming half of our zero coupon notes, eliminating uncertainty related to potential future conversion of these securities. We repurchased nearly 4 million shares of our stock for $237.5 million. And we kept a tight lid on expenses and implemented important steps in automation that yielded improvement in our gross margin. I will now address our volume growth. Consistent with our commentary throughout the year, we saw volume growth slow in the second half of the year. Job losses leading to declines in the number of commercially insured lives, fewer physician visits and the timing of cobra and severance expirations had a negative impact on our fourth quarter volumes. Also, as Brad mentioned, our fourth quarter volumes were negatively impacted by lost contracts, declines in our drugs of abuse testing and weather. After adjusting for all of these factors, volume increased by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. I would now like to highlight our priorities for 2010. First, we will continue to focus on generating profitable revenue growth with a continued emphasis on growing our esoteric testing. Second, we will continue to enhance our IT platforms with a focus on online services, client connectivity and analytic tools. We will also continue to improve the patient experience through such initiatives as online appointment scheduling and automating the work flow in our patient service centers. We will introduce a number of additional IT enhancements throughout 2010. Third, we will maintain scientific leadership. We will continue to introduce new tests to respond to scientific discoveries, improve patient care and outcomes and satisfy unmet medical needs. Fourth, we will maintain pricing discipline. Finally, we will continue our aggressive management of costs. In summary, we remain optimistic about the growth opportunities that lie ahead and we are well-positioned to capitalize on them. Now, Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Steve Anderson: Thank you, Dave. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? In the fourth quarter approximately 37% of our revenues were in the genomics, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. Our goal over the next three years to five years is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 40% of revenue. What are your plans for uses of free cash flow during 2010? We remain committed to returning value to our shareholders. First, by using our free cash flow to grow our business through strategic acquisitions and licensing agreements. And second, through continuing our approved share repurchase programs. The acquisition market remains attractive with a number of opportunities to strengthen our scientific capabilities, grow our esoteric testing franchise and increase our presence in key geographic areas. Historically, we have been a consistent buyer of our own shares. Since the beginning of 2006, the company has repurchased approximately $2 billion worth of its stock. Can you remind us of how drugs of abuse volume trended during the year? In the quarter, our drugs of abuse volume declined 6.5% year-over-year. That compares to year-over-year decreases of 15% in Q3 of this year, 19% in Q2 of this year, 20.1% in Q1 of this year and 15.9% in the fourth quarter of 2008. What is the status of your transition payments to United Healthcare? In the quarter, the company was billed $6.7 million in transition payments and paid $3.9 million in transition payments. To-date, LabCorp has been billed a total of $108.7 million and paid $102.8 million in transition payments to United Healthcare. As a reminder, the end of the fourth quarter marked the end of our obligation to reimburse United Healthcare for transition payments outlined within the United Healthcare contract. We expect the final invoices for these payments to be processed over the next two quarters and we continue to expect the final amount to be in the range of $125 million. We will update you on these final payments going forward. Now Id like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David King: Thank you, Steve. In summary, we are very proud of our performance in 2009 and are optimistic about our business in 2010 and beyond. Thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). And our first question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich of RBC Capital.
Kevin Ellich  RBC Capital: Thanks, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Just a couple of questions on the competitive landscape. Dave, I was wondering if you could talk maybe about what youre seeing in the market, especially with the Spectrum deal being done and also Sonic has been pretty active recently in the U.S. and what are your thoughts given your competition?
David King: Good morning, Kevin. I think the competitive landscape, fundamentally, remains what it has been during my tenure, which is, this is a competitive business. Obviously, there are two larger laboratories, ourselves and Quest and then there are a large number of smaller laboratories. Certainly, Sonic has been active on the acquisition front. The Spectrum transaction and then the Spectrum (inaudible) announcement indicate that this is an attractive business and people want to get into it and so we should expect a competitive landscape to continue pretty much the way its been and obviously, we continue to look for logical and appropriate acquisitions that will enhance our competitive position.
Kevin Ellich  RBC Capital: Okay, thanks. And then if we can go back to the margin comment, that margins were down 50 basis points year-over-year due to Monogram, is that something we should expect going forward and I guess can you remind us one that annualizes?
Brad Hayes: Yes, Kevin, this is Brad, Monogram closed in early August of 2009, so that will annualize, but as you know that was a dilutive acquisition in the 2009 year and weve been consistent in saying that we expect that to be slightly accretive in 2010, so that drag on margin, until the synergies are fully implemented will continue to occur.
Steve Anderson: Kevin, that obviously its going to lessen as we go through the year. It will not be the same because we will be achieving the cost reductions.
Kevin Ellich  RBC Capital: Sounds good. And then could you talk about what type of pricing increases we should expect? You mentioned that you have several large pairs that you expect increases from in 2010, just wondering if you have some color behind that. And then lastly on the IT enhancements what are we looking at for 2010 and should we see any increases in CapEx? Thanks.
Steve Anderson: Were not going to talk about the price increases specifically other than to say what weve said which is that we have contractually agreed price increases with several large payers. On the IT enhancements, this is part of the capital expenditure that is built into our guidance, so there wont be any extraordinary CapEx and our IT enhancements focused really on two areas, improving the physician experience in dealing with LabCorp and improving the patient experience. And for competitive reasons, were not going to talk a lot more about those enhancements, but that will be the focus.
Kevin Ellich  RBC Capital: Sounds good. Thanks, guys.
Steve Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby of Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Erin Wilson  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi, this is Erin Wilson in actually for Bob today. What one time item specifically will not occur in 2010? Just provide us a little more detail on pension fund contributions, Monogram related charges, Canadian exchange rates, to name a few.
Brad Hayes: Hello, Erin, this is Brad. The ones that come to mind and Im assuming youre talking about the non-restructuring type events, so we had, as you know, a couple of tax credit in the fourth quarter we dont expect that to continue. But in terms of the operating items, you mentioned pension, we had about $55 million in cash contributions to our pension plan in 2009. We do not expect that to be the case in 2010. The expenses I think around that particular part of our business should be flat is what we are expecting. The exchange rate is difficult to predict, but I do not expect to see the dramatic changes that we saw over the last part of 2008 and early 2009. And those are really the big items I believe that we mentioned going into 2009 that were going to be challenging from a margin perspective is the pension and the employee benefits, the exchange rate and also Monogram.
Erin Wilson  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Great, great, thank you very much.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Good morning.
David King: Good morning.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Just a couple of questions. First of all, if you can provide some detail on kind of what were the moving parts around the pricing metric that you reported? I noted you backed out the one-time items from the volume metric, if you can do the same on the pricing?
Steve Anderson: Yes, Ricky, were really focused on the larger items there in a volume way, we dont provide the same impact on price, but I can tell you the things that are contributing to price, Monogram would be one, that acquisition is of higher value to us and very little on the volume contribution side, so that is one item. And then, obviously, our continued growth in the mix of our normal test when we have our esoteric testing growing at 6.8% volume in the quarter and the core actually going down is going to contribute to our overall total pricing. The pricing that we actually got, the real pricing from some of our payers in 2009, and then obviously as weve lost some of the contracts that we mentioned in our drugs of abuse testing business, those are going to be positive on the price calculation as well. But we dont provide those specifically, but I think in order of magnitude, thats what is driving the number.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Okay. And when we tried to do kind of a back of the envelope we get to an aggregate impact of around 1% to 1.3%. Is that kind of like in the ballpark of drug of abuse and Monogram?
Steve Anderson: Drugs of abuse and Monogram?
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Yes, combined.
Steve Anderson: Monogram is basically about a point by itself.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thats helpful. And just in terms of the government contracts, when are you going to anniversary those?
Steve Anderson: The biggest part in the beginning of the third quarter of 2010 and then there was another traunch of that loss that happened during the fourth quarter of 2009. So part of it third quarter, part of it fourth quarter.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe Credit Suisse: Thanks, good morning. Can you maybe go through and just bridge the gap between when we look at the guidance revenue mid-point 3.5% growth, 11% EPS growth, seems like theres a lot more coming from the cost side of the business. Is this reflective of LabCorp 2010 initiatives that youve talked about in the past and maybe if you can give any more details on where the cost savings are going to come from, I know you talked about automation, so any details there would be helpful.
David King: Ralph, good morning. Ill start it and Brad can go through the detail. Yes, as you see in the improvement in gross margin in the year-over-year numbers, the impact of the 2010 initiatives is starting to take hold. And what I think is significant there is that in spite of the one-time items that we previously mentioned, we still demonstrated an increase in gross margins. So the things were doing around laboratory automation and the work flow improvement are starting to show up in the numbers. I dont think its particularly helpful to talk about where exactly the dollars are coming from because I think what you see is the aggregate dollars that are reflected from the 2010 programs in the cost run rate. I will say, obviously, we havent reduced bad debt. That was part of the 2010 initiatives. It is still our goal to be able to reduce bad debt and wed like to do that in 2010, but that will depend on how we see the payment side of the equation developing over the year, because we had a terrific year from a cash collection standpoint and a terrific year in terms of reducing DSO, but we want to make sure thats going to be sustainable as we continue in this pretty tough economic environment.
Brad Hayes: Ralph, this is Brad. Ill just add as I look at my model in the middle and look at the number that you are talking about to get to the middle of the EPS range. Its not a dramatic kind of number that wed need to move the needle on cost.
Ralph Giacobbe Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, I did want to ask a little about top-line guidance as well for 2010. Youve talked about the Monogram deal closing in the August timeframe, you had centrics at the end of 2009, you had consolidation in JV, so, if I run the numbers back of the envelope it would appear that if you exclude all of that and normalize for organic growth, if you will, the guidance calls for a 2% growth number. So just trying to understand exactly what youre seeing, are you baking in greater deterioration in terms of volume and/or pricing or does it speak to maybe some level of conservatism on your part in terms of the guidance?
David King: The guidance is designed to encompass, obviously, a wide range of potential outcomes. I guess I take a little bit of exception to the idea that we back the growth factor of acquisitions out of guidance because those are in our numbers now. So to me, the guidance includes Monogram, but Monogram is part of our company and the guidance includes centrics, but centrics is part of our company. So, I always hesitate to put labels like conservative or liberal on anything, whether its politicians or financial guidance, but the guidance is intended and thats why we give a range to encompass what we see as the potential range of outcomes and its going to be dependent on what happens from an economic perspective, what happens from jobs perspective, what happens from the how many commercially insured managed care lives are growing or decreasing in 2010. And I think all of those things will have a good deal of impact in determining where we end up in the guidance range.
Ralph Giacobbe Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just my last one, in terms of going back to volume, I know you talked a little bit about just the economic slowdown and if we normalize volume up 0.7, it has been decelerating throughout 2009, so, any more detail, you mentioned the economic back drop, I guess do you expect volume to grow in 2010? And do you think industry growth is in line with where you are or do you think there could be some share losses?
Steve Anderson: I think industry growth is in line with where we are. I think if you look at whats generally being reported by laboratories or size, you see that, I think, were right in line with the industry. We did see a deceleration in 2009. I think we said throughout the year that that was something that we expected, partly because of annualizing of acquisitions, partly because of the overall economic environment. I think any numbers that you look at, Ralph, support the proposition that the economic environment is having a significant effect on health care in general. Physician office visits down, according to IMS pretty significantly in the fourth quarter year over year, especially among specialty physicians and just looking at managed care commercial membership as reported by the managed care companies, Sigma down 5.5%, United down 6%, WellPoint down 3.8%, Humana down 5.8%. So thats 44% of our revenue comes from managed care and four of our largest payers have significantly negative experience during the year on commercial lives. You have to have the expectation that thats going to have an impact on overall volumes.
Ralph Giacobbe Credit Suisse: Sure. Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy from William Blair.
Amanda Murphy  William Blair: Hi, good morning. Questions on the esoteric bucket. Based on our math, I think the other esoteric segment seems to be driving a lot of the growth in the broader esoteric segment. Can you just remind us whats in that bucket and whats driving growth specifically if anything?
Brad Hayes: Yes, Amanda, this is Brad. And this would be consistent with what weve said about that category of testing for many quarters is Vitamin D is a test that has been growing within that bucket, that is the main contributor to that category.
Amanda Murphy  William Blair: Okay. And then you mentioned also looking at licensing and acquisitions in terms of growing the esoteric business. Im just curious, given Monogram are you looking more at acquiring proprietary content or is it sort of status quo there?
David King: Morning, Amanda, its Dave. I think its both. I think the Monogram acquisition in terms of the companion diagnostic for sales entry and there are other diagnostics out there, but the companion diagnostic the Trofile test is the test that was used in the trials of sales entry you probably aware sales entry has received an indication for naive patients now and FDA is permitting it to be marketed for naive patients, so theres a nice opportunity to see some growth in that market. As a general proposition, I think our experience has been that there are pluses and minuses of proprietary technology and we evaluate each license or acquisition opportunity based on the merits of what we think the growth opportunities are and again, we always start with the proposition that were here for patients. So is there an unmet medical need? Is it going to improve patient health and outcomes? Those are the things that we think about before we think about whether its a proprietary or not a proprietary test.
Amanda Murphy  William Blair: And is there a specific disease state that you may be focused on or again a bit more opportunistic?
David King: I would say its more opportunistic. I think Monogram is infectious disease and oncology focused, those are two very interesting growth opportunities in my judgment, but there are other important disease states where testing and technology are developing and we certainly are close to those as well.
Amanda Murphy  William Blair: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk from Piper Jaffray.
Bill Quirk  Piper Jaffray: Thanks, good morning, guys.
David King: Good morning.
Bill Quirk  Piper Jaffray: First off, can you talk a little bit about the specific contributions from acquisitions in the quarter and then I guess ideally Id love to see what the Monogram contribution was?
Brad Hayes: Bill, this is Brad. I previously mentioned that Monogram had about a 1 point impact on price and that its not much contributed from volume, it is mostly price. Other than that, I think thats the biggest acquisition weve done in a while. So the smaller ones, we havent historically nor will we break out the impact of those, but the Monogram was the big one.
Bill Quirk  Piper Jaffray: Its safe to say, though Brad, that thats tracking to your expectations?
Brad Hayes: Yes.
Bill Quirk  Piper Jaffray: Okay, very good. And then, secondly, I was hoping you could give us a little additional color around the genomic excisions. It looked like it was fairly flat both year-over-year and up slightly sequentially. Did you reclassify any test out of this category in the quarter or is there something else going on here? Thanks.
Steve Anderson: No reclassifications out. Thats a type of testing thats gene based, so we keep the method in there and nothing specific that I can point to that would be driving the flat performance there other than just the overall volume that weve seen.
Bill Quirk  Piper Jaffray: Okay, understood, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci of Lazard Capital Markets.
Tom Gallucci  Lazard Capital Markets: Good morning. Thanks for all the color. Just a couple of housekeeping items. I guess, one, just to be sure, the revenue guidance for this year doesnt include any unannounced or anticipated acquisitions, right?
David King: Tom, good morning, its Dave. Our revenue guidance generally assumes that we will do some small fold-in acquisitions throughout the year, but first of all, it clearly does not include any unannounced acquisitions and second of all it doesnt include any material acquisitions.
Tom Gallucci  Lazard Capital Markets: Just I want to make sure I understand that. So it does include maybe some small fold-ins that you might do overtime?
David King: Thats right. In revenue growth, we always think about, we may gain $20 million or $30 million in top line revenue from small acquisitions throughout the year and that is incorporated into what we guide to, but we dont incorporate any major acquisitions, large deals or things that might be out there.
Tom Gallucci  Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, good. Maybe this is a hard question or a real time question, but since you mentioned the weather impact in the fourth quarter, obviously, in the east coast weve had a lot of weather so far this quarter, how would you compare what weve seen this quarter maybe compared to the impact last quarter? Are we at a similar pace; is it maybe bigger or smaller at this point?
David King: Without having specific numbers, my view is its going to be bigger. The weather in the northeast over the last few days has been unprecedented. We had a pretty substantial snowstorm even down here in North Carolina, although substantial for us is five inches compared to what you guys have received up there. So I think we have every expectation that when we report the first quarter the weather impact will be larger than it was in the fourth quarter.
Tom Gallucci  Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, that makes sense. And then maybe just one last thing. I know you had some turnover, but you had a sales position late last year. Is there any update on having filled that position or your thoughts about that in general?
David King: As I think I mentioned when asked before, our former Chief Operating Officer and then Head of Sales Don Hardison expressed a desire to me that he really wanted to run his own company again. As you may recall, he was previously the Chief Executive Officer at EXACT Sciences and so it was his decision and obviously, we respect it. Rather than filling the position immediately, were taking a good, long look at our sales structure and our sales organization and then well determine how we want to staff that position and who the right person is.
Tom Gallucci  Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, sorry if I missed that before. Thanks a lot.
David King: No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kemp Dolliver from Avondale Partners.
Kemp Dolliver  Avondale Partners: Hi, thanks and good morning. Couple of questions. First, on the several million dollars of restructuring charges taken in the quarter, what were the specific actions is general headcount reduction or did you actually close any significant labs?
David King: The bulk of it, Kemp, was the severance related to Dons departure, as I mentioned in response to the last question. And just to clarify, Tom, I dont mean to suggest that you missed anything. That question was asked at some point and I responded to it. I dont know that it was on a call. So Im not sure that you missed something as opposed to me thinking that I had answered it for somebody else.
Kemp Dolliver  Avondale Partners: Great. Could you talk a little bit more about the plans for Monogram this year in that it looks like beside cost cutting, the real driver to hitting your accretion goal is going to be increasing the revenue from those tests pretty substantially. Can you just talk about the timetable for the various steps for what I would basically describe as a launch even though these are existing tests?
David King: Yes. Once we closed the acquisition, one of the first steps that we took was to obviously compare the list of accounts that were sending to Monogram with a list of accounts sent to LabCorp, so, our first targeted approach has been approach accounts that are sending infectious disease testing to Monogram, but are not sending the peripheral blood testing or other types of testing to LabCorp and, likewise, customers that are sending testing to LabCorp and including infectious disease testing, but are sending their high end esoteric testing elsewhere. So that is already in process and has been part of our sales initiative since the point that we closed. For the rest of the year, as I mentioned, the naive indication for sales entry, the launch of the Vive [ph] partnership for the selling of sales entry will be catalysts for growing the selling and the utilization of the Trofile test. Other major initiative is the incorporation of the HERmark test into our oncology sales force so that now representatives who are selling HER2 testing will also have the ability from that same tissue, same specimen from the physician to sell the HERmark testing. So those are probably the three key initiatives. What we need to achieve with Monogram this year is not only expense reduction, but top-line revenue growth.
Kemp Dolliver  Avondale Partners: Super. My last question relates to the patient mix in 2009. In contrast to the what we would have expected from the economy, the volumes there were actually down and do you have any color with regard to how much of this may reflect your own efforts to appropriately triage folks or anything else you see going on in that line item?
Brad Hayes: Kemp, its Brad. Very hard to quantify what causes that decline, but to your point, I can only think that the work that were doing in our own patient service centers and even in our physician accounts who send us work that doesnt come to our service centers around collecting upfront before the service occurs is having an impact there.
Kemp Dolliver  Avondale Partners: Fabulous. Thanks very much.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Shelley Gnall from Goldman Sachs.
Shelley Gnall  Goldman Sachs: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one would be just going back to the top-line guidance again. Is it fair to assume that we could see a continued drag, obviously, more modest in size from pre-employment drug screening?
David King: Yes.
Shelley Gnall  Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then I apologize if I missed this in the prepared remarks, but can you give us an update on the timing and the size of the Canadian JV put payment?
David King: Yes. That was scheduled to close in the first quarter. And size was approximately $148 million Canadian.
Shelley Gnall  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman from Wells Fargo.
Ryan Halstead  Wells Fargo: Good morning. This is Ryan Halstead on for Gary. I was wondering if you could comment on, I guess, histology in the past youve had some pressure coming from the in-sourcing, some of the hospital labs. Is that still been a case this quarter and do you view any opportunities going forward this year to help offset that?
Steve Anderson: I think the biggest source of loss of histology volume has been in-sourcing down. Its in-sourcing by physician office labs as opposed to hospital labs. I do think that it is decelerating because the in-sourcing really makes sense only when there is a fairly large size practice thats doing enough biopsies to justify hiring their own pathologists. So I think its decelerating, but that was the principle drag on the histology business this quarter as it has been throughout the year.
Ryan Halstead  Wells Fargo: Okay, thanks. Do you think theres any, I guess, opportunities going forward this year that I know you mentioned its decelerating, but is there a way that this market, which you mentioned is pretty fragmented. Is there any opportunities I guess, on the acquisition front?
Steve Anderson: I think there are certainly potential acquisition opportunities in the pathology space. So the answer is yes. I think in terms of countering the trend of physician in-sourcing, I think thats more of a regulatory and utilization issue than it is of a tactical issue. And so I dont know that there will be any change in that dynamic this year.
Ryan Halstead  Wells Fargo: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Charles Rhyee from Oppenheimer.
Charles Rhyee  Oppenheimer: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Dave, maybe if we can just go back to Monogram real quick and I apologize if you might have answered this question. I think one of the things that you had talked about in this acquisition was revenue synergies, as you can merge two different types of requisition forms allowing physicians to order a whole slate of tests that Monogram wasnt able to maybe do on its own. Can you talk about that progress there and have you seen an uptick relative to where Monogram might have been on a standalone basis?
David King: Yes. As I mentioned our first point of attack was the accounts that were sending to LabCorp and not sending to Monogram or were sending to Monogram, but not sending to LabCorp. I think we have made a lot of progress there in terms of gaining additional referral work and I think Monograms performance in the last quarter from a revenue perspective was probably better than we had initially projected going in. I think obviously theres still work to be done in terms of harmonizing the IT systems, the billing systems so that we can make sure that the physicians can order the tests conveniently, but also that the claims are processed in an orderly way by our payers that patients dont end up getting large bills. So, there are still some things that are in process for us, but I think were well on track with all the things we talked about in terms of integrating Monogram. And continuing to capitalize on its value as an asset, which is very important to us.
Charles Rhyee  Oppenheimer: Thanks. And maybe a follow up, can you maybe remind us what was the initial range of dilution to expect from Monogram in the first year and your view of that changed, now that were about a quarter or so into the acquisition?
David King: I think we initially said $0.08 to $0.12 dilution in 2009 and I think we ended up pretty much in that range as we talked about on the third quarter call. We had a little less in terms of deal expenses or there was a little less of a charge for deal expenses than we had initially expected. What we said about 2010 is we expect Monogram to be slightly accretive and I think were on track to accomplishing that, but to go back to the earlier question that was asked, you dont go from dilutive in November and December to accretive in January, so it will be a process throughout the year to both grow the revenue and continue to rationalize the costs.
Charles Rhyee  Oppenheimer: But certainly, as you see the progress that youre making, which you gave us was some an expectation of a trajectory that ramp may be steeper or flatter than maybe what you initially expected or where you thought it would be?
David King: I think its pretty much where we thought it would be.
Charles Rhyee  Oppenheimer: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Yes. Just as a follow-up question. Dave, if you can just talk a little bit about the acquisition strategy and how strategically you think about acquisitions? Are you thinking of just sticking to core operations, i.e. acquisitions that are continuing either pathology or genomic and folding or are you still looking to explore opportunities outside the diagnostic services area?
David King: I think to be very clear, our acquisition focus is on things that are in the fair way for us, so that means acquisitions that are complimentary to our existing infrastructure on the core side, means acquisitions from an esoteric perspective that are either complimentary to the services that we offer or that expand our esoteric portfolio, so, if you think about our esoteric portfolio with the specialized endocrinology, the specialized coagulation, the oncology, the specialized infectious disease to continue to expand the portfolio there is a very important strategic focus for us. Expand the portfolio in genetic testing is something that we would be very anxious to do. So thats where our acquisition focus lies. We certainly have looked not only in the past year, but in the past many years at a number of potential opportunities outside the diagnostic services space and, Ricky, I think what we keep coming back to is that we know the diagnostic services space, we like to think of ourselves as pretty good operators in the space and so thats where were going to continue to focus our business and our acquisition strategy.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Sakino [ph] from Barclays Capital.
Brian Sakino  Barclays Capital: Quick questions. Does your guidance include any repurchase of stock in the year?
David King: No, it does not include any repurchase other than what was completed through December 31st 2009.
Brian Sakino  Barclays Capital: Okay, got it. And how about the exercise that put on the Ontario joint venture? Is any accretion from that included in your guidance as well?
Steve Anderson: No. Because it had not closed by the end of the year.
Brian Sakino  Barclays Capital: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: We have no further questions.
David King: Very well. Thank you so much for listening to our fourth quarter 2009 and full year conference call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. That concludes todays presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  David P. King - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer  William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer  Ed Dodson - Senior Vice President & Chief Accounting Officer Stephen Anderson - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co. Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co. Robert Willoughby - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter Laboratory Corporation of America earnings conference call. (Operator's Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. David King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed, sir. 
David P. King: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to LabCorp's 2009 third quarter conference call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, and Steve Anderson, Director of Investor Relations. This morning we will discuss our third quarter results, highlight our strategic priorities and growth drivers, and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson who has a few comments before we begin.
Stephen Anderson: Before we begin I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information.  Additionally, we refer you to todays press release which is available on our website for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during todays call to GAAP. I would also like to point out that we are making forward-looking statements during this conference call. And these statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various important factors that could affect the companys financial results.  These factors are set forth in detail in our 2008 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change.  Now, Brad Hayes will review our financial results. 
William B. Hayes:  Thank you, Steve. By now you should have had a chance to review our third quarter financial results. On todays call Ill discuss four key measures of our financial performance; cash flow, revenue growth, margin, and liquidity.  First cash flow. Our cash flow trends remain excellent. Pre cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended September 30, 2009 increased 13.5% to $740 million. For 2009, we expect operating cash flow, excluding any transition payments made to United Healthcare to be approximately $825 million. The operating cash flow guidance includes a $54.8 million reduction from the pension contributions. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $115 million.  Were also pleased with our strong cash collection efforts in the quarter. VSO at the end of September was 48 days, down five days year-over-year and down two days sequentially. Our bad debt rate was stable at 5.3%.  Second, revenue growth. During the quarter we achieved strong pricing growth and continued mix shift to higher value test. Revenue increased 4.4% year-over-year in the third quarter. Revenue per accession increased 3.7% year-over-year. Excluding the consolidation of the companys Ontario, Canada joint venture, revenue per accession increased 4.3% year-over-year.  The growth and revenue per accession is attributable to both mix shift and rate increases. Total company volume increased 0.7% year-over-year excluding the consolidation of the companys Ontario, Canada joint venture, volume was equal to last year. Drugs of abuse testing declined by 15% year-over-year which reduced total volume growth by 100 basis points. Esoteric volume increased 9.2% year-over-year.  Third, margin. For the third quarter our adjusted operating income margin was 20%. This margin increased 60 basis points year-over-year due to strong growth in revenue per accession and cost related initiatives. We remained focused on top-line growth and increased automation and efficiency in our labs and patient service centers. Fourth, liquidity. We remained well capitalized. At the end of September we had cash of $126.9 million and approximately $350 million available under our revolving line of credit. At the end of September total debt was $1.4 billion, including $70.8 million drawn down on our revolving credit facility. During the quarter we acquired Monogram Biosciences. The transaction was funded from cash on hand. We recorded a penny per share of Monogram transaction related expenses during the quarter. When we announced the Monogram acquisition, we estimated total transaction related expenses to be approximately $0.04 per share. Because Monogram incurred and paid most of these fees prior to closing they were treated as goodwill rather than expense. Also during the quarter, we completed our prior share repurchase authorization of $500 million and our board authorized a new program under which we may repurchase up to an aggregate of $250 million of our common stock from time to time. During the third quarter we repurchased $165.1 million of stock, representing approximately 2.4 million shares. At the end of September approximately $180.2 million of repurchased authorization remained under the program. On August 20th, Standard & Poor's upgraded all of its rating on LabCorp to triple B plus from triple B. Also, on September 21st, Moody's upgraded its outlook on LabCorp to positive from stable. This morning, we announced updated 2009 financial guidance. We are maintaining our guidance of expected revenue growth of approximately 4%. We now expected adjusted EPS of $4.84-$4.89 including the operating impact of Monogram. Please refer to the table within our press release this morning for a reconciliation of our previous 2009 adjusted EPS guidance to our updated 2009 adjusted EPS guidance. We intend to provide investors with our 2010 guidance when we release our fourth quarter earnings in February.  Ill now turn the call over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Brad. We are very pleased with our third quarter results and particularly our margin expansion, which was driven by strong pricing, esoteric volume growth and cost control.  As we predicted volume growth slowed this quarter due to the economy, continued softness in the labor market, the termination of two large government contracts and the annualizing of acquisitions. I would like to provide a few details on how these factors impacted our volumes in the quarter. We have said throughout the year that volume growth in the second half of the year could slow given declines in the number of insured lives and the timing of Cobra and severance expirations connected to layoffs. While we cannot predict the performance of the broad economy we remain focused on growth the components of our business that are less sensitive to it. As part of this initiative we grew our esoteric volumes by 9.2% during the quarter. The labor market remains soft. Our drugs of abuse volumes declined 15% in the quarter versus a 10% decline in the third quarter of 2008. Declines in our drug testing business lowered volume by 1% this quarter. With respect to contracts, at the end of the second quarter we chose not to renew a large state correctional contract in which pricing had fallen below our standards. In additional, after years of litigation, a high volume federal contract was terminated in the second quarter of this year. The impact of these two terminations lowered third quarter volume by approximately 1%.  I will mention three of our strategic priorities. The integration of Monogram Biosciences, expansion of our outcome improvement program, and development and commercialization of companion diagnostics.  First, in early August we completed our acquisition of Monogram Biosciences. The integration has been going as planned and we expect the addition of Monogram to enhance our industry leadership in infectious disease and oncology testing and in companion diagnostics. With our sales force and national infrastructure supporting Monograms virology, oncology and personalized medicine offerings we expect to drive profitable growth in these business lines in 2010 and beyond. Second, we continue through our outcome improvement programs to help physicians diagnosis and optimality treat patients. We have expanded our chronic kidney disease program into new markets and it has received a very positive response. The CKD program will be a gateway to other outcome improvement programs as we build on the strategic initiative. Our lithe length program for kidney stone management also continues to generate wide spread support among physicians, patients and payers and brings us premium reimbursement. Third, we continue to develop and commercialize companion diagnostics as a key element of our leadership in personalized medicine. Our KRAS testing that physicians use to guide therapy for colon-rectal cancer continues to gain acceptance.  As a reminded, at the beginning of the second quarter of this year, United Healthcare began to require the submission of a pathology report documenting KRAS gene type to determine coverage for Erbitux and Vectibix.  During the first quarter of this year, we introduced a companion diagnostic test for Plavix. And we are pleased with its uptake. Our test determines patients who are poor metabolizers of the most common CYP2C19 Alleles which is useful in determining risk for adverse cardiovascular advents. Two years ago we announced a strategic alliance with Medco Health Solutions to perform a collaborative research effort related to Tamoxifen. The drug deprives certain tumors of estrogen needed for their growth but approximately 10% of women using Tamoxifen do not fully benefit from the drug because of variations in genes encoding drug metabolizing enzymes. Our diagnostic test helps physicians identify the patients who will not respond allowing use of an alternative therapeutic based on the patients personal characteristics.  We are working with Medco to expand the scope of this innovated program to other drugs and disease states. Finally our acquisition of Monogram brings us the profile co-receptor tropism test which helps physicians chose efficacious treatments for their HIV patients.  In summary, we continue to execute on our strategic priorities and remain excited about the growth opportunities that lie before us. Now, Steve Anderson will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Stephen Anderson: Thank you, Dave. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? In the third quarter approximately 36% of our revenues were in the (inaudible) esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. Our goal over the next three to five years is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 40% of revenue. What are your plans for uses of free cash flow during 2009? We remain committed to returning value to our shareholders. First by using our free cash flow to grow our business through strategic acquisitions in licensing agreements. And second, through continuing our approved share repurchase program, which currently has $180.2 million of authorization remaining. The acquisition market remains attractive with a number of opportunities to strengthen our scientific capabilities, grow our esoteric testing franchise and increase our presence in key geographic areas. Historically, we have been a consistent buyer of our own shares. Since the beginning of 2006 the company has repurchased approximately $2 billion worth of its stock.  Can you remind us of how drugs of abuse volume trended during the year? In the quarter, our drugs of abuse volume declined 15% year-over-year. That compares to year-over-year decreases of 19% in Q2 of this year, 20.1% in Q1 of this year, 15.9% in the fourth quarter of 2008 and 10.3% in the third quarter of 2008. What is the status of your transition payments to United Healthcare? In the quarter the company was billed $6.8 million in transition payments and paid $5.9 million in transition payments. To date, Lab Corp has been billed a total of $99.3 million and paid $96.2 million in transition payments to United Healthcare. Now, Id like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Steve. In summary, we are pleased with our performance for the quarter and the year-to-date. We thank you very much for listening and we are now ready to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator's Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray.
Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray:  Thanks, good morning. Thanks very much for the call on the volume impact on the termination of the two government contracts. I believe you indicated that at least one of these was priced below the corporate average. Can you talk a little bit about what impact, and I assume it was probably slightly positive, that had on the revenue per requisition here?
William B. Hayes: We're not specifically breaking that out, but they were lower priced than the average.
Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray: So said another way there was a positive, if slight, impact of that metric then?
William B. Hayes: Yes. I would say very slight.
Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then just looking at guidance guys, if we take a look at the upside here in the quarter on the bottom line and then also just considering the integration of monogram into the operations, no change to the revenue guidance. Is this a function of the government contracts? And then on the EPS side if you could just give us a little color there? 
William B. Hayes: On the revenue side, I mean we say approximately 4%. We've obviously got the loss of the contracts as you mentioned, offset by monogram so we're comfortable with maintaining that 4% on the revenue line. On the EPS, and I mean there's a table in the press release, but I'll just talk through how we think about it. Prior to monogram we were 485 to 495 for the full year of EPS. Monogram operations we estimated and still believe will be $0.08 diluted. So that brings us to an adjusted total of $4.77-$4.87. This quarter we are updating that guidance to $4.84 to $4.89, so that's the way we think about that guidance. And one thing I might add is that excludes any estimates of the transaction related fees.
Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray: Understood. Last question for me, and again just kind of sticking on Monogram here, what was the contribution from both Monogram as well as, for that matter, any of the other smaller lab acquisitions that you've done specifically for the quarter?
William B. Hayes: We're not, again, specifically breaking out acquisitions like Monogram. That has been probably the only one of any size that we've done during the quarter. I would just say that it's very low on the volume side that you would see it show up. It's very much above our average price pre transaction so it is helping on the price metric.
Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray: Specifically on the esoteric price metric through, correct?
William B. Hayes: Yes, and on the overall as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Thanks and hello, everyone. Just as it relates to the two clients you highlighted here in the quarter, I just want to make sure we're thinking about that right. So the client revenues as you disclose it in your 8-K were down 4% and so basically the entire amount would be related to those two contracts, is that the right way to think about?
David P. King: Darren, one other thing, that's also where the drugs of abuse testing business is. So as I look at the impact from that and the contracts that we mentioned, it absolutely makes up what's going on in that line.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And so as we think about that line which is a bout 25% of your total business, are there any other government-type contracts that are up over the next few quarters that we should be thinking about having a similar type of impact, and I guess the corollary question is would you expect client revenues to be down until you anniversary this point next year and any kind of commentary around that would be helpful.
David P. King: The government contracts were sort of in two different categories. So as we've mentioned, the first one was a state correctional contract. It came up for renewal and the pricing demands were not acceptable to us and so we chose not to compete for it. The other one was a federal contract that my recollection of has been literally under appeal and in litigation since I came to LabCorp in 2001. And so I would say what simply happened is the timing of the process occurred that all the appeals were resolved, unfortunately adversely to us in this quarter. We do have any number of federal and state contracts. Probably we don't have many as large in terms of a volume contributor as these couple were. They do periodically come up for renewal. There's nothing I can point to in the next quarter or six months or year that I can predict is going to have a similar impact as this one. As I say, it was just the timing of two contracts in one quarter here. And in terms of the client revenue, the annualization of when the client revenue would be down, there will be some impact on the client revenue obviously for the next three quarters in terms of seeing these contract losses annualized. On the other hand, a Brad pointed out, the drugs of abuse testing is in there, hospital is in there, clinical trials testings in there, so there are a lot of moving parts and you will see some impact on client revenue as a result of this, but I don't think we should automatically decide that it's just going to be down for the next three quarters.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. That's helpful. And moving to the managed care book of your business, we saw capitation down, but nice growth in fee for service. So it looks like there's some moving pieces there. Can you just give us some commentary about how to think about that? I'm not sure that we've seen capitation volumes down as big so far this year as we did in the third quarter.
William B. Hayes: Three things that we talked about last quarter and as we look at this quarter the same three things are driving the numbers that we're seeing there. Were seeing membership loss from plans that we have under capitation. So we're seeing, because we pay per member per month based on the membership, we're definitely in some geographies and with some payers, seeing a membership loss. We've also lost a few contracts in that line as well and there are some contracts that have converted from capitation to fee for service. So you see a fee for service line that's growing at above our company average for sure and some of that is a transfer from capitation. But no one of those things is bigger than the other, it is just a combination of those three items that are affecting that line.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thats good. And then I just have one other bigger picture question. You spent a lot of time in recent months really discussing some of the strategic merits of moving deeper into the PhRMA services sphere, and I guess I just wanted to get some commentary from you here about how we're evaluating those kinds of opportunities and how we should think about that in terms of your M&A?
David P. King: Well, I think we always try to evaluate the M&A landscape and what potential acquisition opportunities present themselves, and just in at thumbnail fashion obviously there's kind of two basic types of lab acquisitions. One is the smaller acquisition that we consolidate into our existing operations. The second is an acquisition like Monogram which is a strategic acquisition because of the virology center of excellence, because of the capacity to cross sell the Her-Mark testing with our oncology and breast prognostic and Her-2 testing. And then of course the companion diagnostic with the Trofile test. Then we're always thinking about what our broader strategic opportunities are, and as we look out into the future and we look at how should the clinical laboratory be positioned for the evolution of health care in the next five to 10 years, we do see a potential fit with a broader expansion into PhRMA services. We have a terrific clinical trial central laboratory business that is, in our minds, the premier esoteric central laboratory business in the clinical trials arena. That allows us to do biomarker discovery, it allows us to bring up specific tests for PhRMA sponsors, it allows us to have the opportunity to commercialize companion diagnostics when they're discovered in clinical trials. Now, having said that, we're not a CRO. We dont have an international reach. As we've said many times, for our clinical trials central laboratory business to really compete for large international contracts, we do need more international scale in that part of the business. So this is an area that's of interest to us. It's an area that we continue to explore and think about and it's one of the things as we think about how strategically we're positioning ourselves for the future that in our thinking potentially makes some sense.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: That's real helpful. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse:  Thanks, good morning. Just a couple of things on the volume side going back. David, I think you mentioned sort of the economy  I guess would you say there's, at this point, maybe a little bit of a lag effect? We didn't see it as much sort of in the first couple of quarters and we're starting to see it now and you mentioned potential COBRA roll-offs, any way to get any more granular in terms of quantifying or thinking about that?
David P. King: There's really not much of a way to quantify COBRA roll-offs or loss of severance. I mean the IMS data that we see continue to suggest that physician visits are down year over year, and in some practice areas like internal medicine and cardiology and women's health, I mean even sequentially quarter over quarter it appears that physician visits are down. So it's pretty difficult to draw a straight line and say well, physician visits are down because of COBRA and severance benefits finding out, but this is something we have said was a potential in the second half of the year form the very beginning of the year.  I would just say from the perspective of our overall volumes, I think it would be, again, nave to think there's not some impact given what's going on in the economy, but I think our volume growth continues to be pretty healthy.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: And then I guess as we think about the fourth quarter, clearly we're going to comp some level of the drugs of abuse testing drag. We also sort of face a seasonally weaker quarter and you've got sort of these terminations of these large government contracts that you mentioned which I don't know if you aid exactly the timing of when they hit in the quarter. Given all that, is there a way to think about or can you sort of direct us into how you think about 4Q volume? I mean do you think we could potentially negative, do you expect positive, do you expect flattish?
David P. King: Well, we have a pretty firm policy that we don't talk about volumes in the quarter so I don't see anything that suggests huge differences one way or another in the trend that we saw in the third, but I'm not going to talk about it beyond that. The timing of those contract losses, my recollection is both of them termed around the end of June, beginning of July, so you pretty much saw the full impact of them in the quarter.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then going back to the margins, a little bit of an uptick there after a little bit of pressure in the first half of the year. When you think about LabCorp 2010, I know there was sort of a big push at the end of last year and even heading into this year. Can you maybe give us an update on where you are there?
David P. King: Yeah. One of the principle components of LabCorp 2010 was the ability to achieve bad debt reduction through improved efficiency and improved collection processes and clearly we have not achieved bad debt reduction in 2009. Given the overall economy given what we've seen around us that's not terribly surprising to me, but we have kept bad debt stable and obviously you can see by the five day year over year and two quarter over quarter improvement in DSO, we're doing a good job on collections.  So we're not going to get the full impact of the bad debt reduction that was contemplated in 2010. The rest of the 2010 program is very much on track and we're doing a number of the things we talked about  our collection processes and patient service centers, the automation of our HPV testing, some additional lab automation that I'm not going to talk about in specific detail, some additional patient service centers that I'm not going to talk about in specific detail, but all of those things are starting to work their way into the run rate as cost savings and you see them appearing in improvement in both gross profit and operating margin.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just my last one, can you tell us what percentage of your business is Medicare Advantage?
William B. Hayes: I don't have that data point.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. But what would that fall under Medicare or within your managed care bucket?
William B. Hayes: That falls in our managed care bucket, and it doesnt come into us, at least that I can tell, identified that way.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. And could you tell us if that's reimbursed at Medicare or commercial rates?
William B. Hayes: I don't think we're going to talk about specific reimbursement rates within the managed care group, Ralph.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arthur Henderson with Jefferies & Co.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Hi, good morning. Going back to this guidance question, and maybe I'm not understanding. On the high end of the guidance range it looks like as you adjusted it from the Monogram biosciences it looks like you just bumped it by $0.02 and yet the low end was$0.07. Brad, what is that swing factor right there that's causing that differential, if you could address that?
William B. Hayes: I think it's just our performance year to date would be simply the only thing driving the tightening of that range on the bottom and the arrays on the top. Because essentially we're down to the fourth quarter here. We've got 
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Right. I understand. I was just curious if there was anything in the last say three months that you've seen after Monogram Bioscience that would  that on the high end didn't sort of meet your expectations?
William B. Hayes: No. Nothing specific.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.:  Okay. And then back on the Monogram Biosciences acquisition, as far as the integration is concerned, can you kind of give us an update as to what you're doing right now with respect to that integration and where you stand and if you could remind me, I think when you made the acquisition you made some commentary that it would be dilutive of this year which obviously we see in the numbers, but next year did you indicate that it was going to be breakeven? Just an update there would be helpful.
David P. King: Good morning, Art, it's Dave. We said that it would be slightly accretive in 2010, so operationally dilutive this year, but slightly accretive in 2010. And with regard to the integration, probably the biggest focus of the integration up to this point has been the integration of the sales capabilities and the ability to, from a selling and a test requisition form and an IT perspective, to be able to  physicians who were ordering tests from Monogram, but not using LabCorp, or using LabCorp, but not ordering tests from Monogram, the ability to order the testing in a consolidated fashion and the convenience of one-stop shopping, plus obviously Monogram with its premier array of tests complimenting what we offer the physician office. So that's probably been the number one focus. The number two focus has been just evaluation of the capabilities and of what Monogram has been focusing its resources on and making sure that those are consistent with LabCorp's strategic priorities so that together we can advance Monogram as a center of excellence. For virology we can use our Her-2 and breast prognostic capabilities, integrate their Her-Mark capability into that because the Her-Mark test is extremely important. As a reflex test, there are women who test who are positive by Her-2 or negative by Her-2, but falsely so and the Her-Mark test is a more sensitive indicator of whether they should or should not receive Herceptin.  So those are probably the two biggest things that we're focused on right now. And then obviously number three, Monogram has the full company public infrastructure which isn't necessary once we complete the integration. And so just eliminating the expense associated with the public company's infrastructures is the third thing we're doing.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. Thats very helpful. Last question just on the commercial payer contracting front, anything in the horizon over the next year as far as new contract opportunities anything that's coming up for renewal?
David P. King: We did extend the CIGNA contract and that document ion was completed this quarter so that was the nearest upcoming renewal in terms of a significant managed care contract. None of the major managed care contracts will be coming up for renewal and I think the opportunity for us continues to be expanding our footprint and gaining share within the contracts that we participate in.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci with Lazard Capital.
Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital:  Thanks for all the color, good morning everybody. Thinking back to those contracts that you mentioned, the state and the federal ones, who's performing those services now?
David P. King: I don't know with respect to the state one, Tom, and the federal one, the litigation centered around the governments desire, as I recall, to award the contract to a small business and we didn't fit the definition.
Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital: Okay. And then we talked a little bit about the impact on those contracts from sort of a payer-mixed endpoint. As far as test mix, the way you all look at the different buckets, wheres the primary impact there, whether it's routine or other?
William B. Hayes: Tom, most of that impact is showing up in the core on our testing mix schedule.
Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital: Okay. And then histology is still under some pressure. Can you remind us sort of how you're thinking about that business currently and some of the issues there?
David P. King: Yeah. There are a couple things that are going on in histology and we've mentioned them before. One primary one is in-sourcing of pathology work by large non pathology practices which is contributing to volume pressure and it remains a highly fragmented and very competitive market and so we are, I think, doing a good job in the histology market, but we recognize there are a lot of small competitors out there. The in-sourcing phenomenon seems to have continued to gain momentum and that does have an impact on the results that we achieve.
Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital: Was there anything strategically that you could do differently or operationally that you're doing in that business given that landscape?
David P. King: I think the biggest opportunity for us is the advantage of the IT capabilities and the one-stop shop capabilities that you can get with a larger provider like LabCorp. You probably saw the article recently, and I'm not sure where it came out, that said that about 30% of the women who should be getting Her-2 testing before they're administered Herceptin are not getting it and that in about half the cases where it is administered, it's not being correctly interpreted. I think smaller pathology labs, because they see fewer cases, because they dont have the resources or the capabilities of a larger provide like us, are going to be more prone to not being able to provide consistent high quality results. I think the second thing strategically is physicians who were doing pathology, oncology, have a lot of testing needs over an above the anatomic pathology. They have peripheral blood, they have toxicity testing, they have the need to determine whether companion diagnostics have a diagnostic which will assist in determining which therapeutic to use. So I think strategically just continuing to focus on the full menu of LabCorp offerings, the range of our offerings, the IT capabilities to deliver it all on one consolidated report. We brought up eight color flow cytometry which has been extremely well received by our customers. The main thing is to continue to stay the course and execute, and we're going to be fine.
Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital: Okay. Back on the payer mix, patient directiveness has been down all year. You started talking about the economy, maybe some drop-off of the COBRA benefits, do you think theres a risk that you see more of those patients over time or do you think that those patients are sort of going in other directions or just not getting any care at this point?
David P. King: Certainly there's a likelihood that if more people are becoming uninsured that we would see more uninsured patients and so part of the reason for our focus on collection at the front end and part of the reason for our introduction of the uninsured patient discounts was to make sure first of all that we provide a viable alternative to get laboratory testing for people who don't have insurance ,and second of all to make sure that we get paid for the services that we perform.
Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital: Okay. And then finally just to get back to your answer about your central lab business, maybe could you just give us an update on what the trends are there in your business today?
David P. King: Like all clinical trial related business, Tom, it's been a tough year for our central lab business, not due to anything other than major PhRMA consolidations, a lot of even work for which we have signed contracts being deferred until PhRMA mergers close. So year over year the revenue run rate is down. It's not a huge part of the business, but the revenue run rate is down. On the other hand, I think we have started to see, even in the last month as some of these mergers have closed, and are starting to see a better flow of work and of new projects being contracted out.
Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital: Last question, do those mergers maybe increase any pressure on you to get bigger as those bigger companies are narrowing the number of players that they're using?
David P. King: I don't think they put pressure on us to get bigger because where we're positioned in the clinical trial central lab space is that we do a lot of esoteric testing and with our tandem acquisition we do a lot of marker discovery and large and small molecule work that many of the big CROs don't offer. So I don't think it puts pressure on us to get bigger. As I have said, we would like to be able to compete for large international trials in addition to being an esoteric niche lab, and to do that we need more international reach in the clinical trials business.
Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital: Right, great. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Our next question is coming form the line of Kevin Ellich of RBC Capital Markets.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets:  Good morning. Thanks, guys. Just going back to the two contracts, and Brad I think you might have mentioned it, but I misses it. Which payer segment were those two contracts in?
William B. Hayes: In the client payer segment.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Client segment, okay got it, thanks. And then I know you don't talk about volumes intraquarter, Dave, but could you talk in general about the kind of trends that you're seeing as you exited the quarter and kind of your thoughts as you head into 2010?
David P. King: We didn't see anything abnormal at any point in the quarter so I think there were no major ups and downs. Volume was consistent in terms of how it trended with what we had seen in the past. And a lot of what's going to happen in 2010 in terms of volumes, I think, is very dependent on where does the economy go? I mean we obviously, as you can tell by looking at our numbers, we are annualizing the drugs of abuse declines. It was 160 basis points in the first quarter, I think it was 150 in the second. It's 100 in this quarter. So we're seeing that number decline which means that we're from quarter to quarter which means that we're annualizing it, and obviously the fourth quarter is where we really saw the drop-off last year. Thats going to suggest volume growth year over year because of the comp. But that business alone is not going to pick up until we start to see some job creation in the economy. So as I say we're very satisfied with our volumes considering what we see in the world around us and when the economy returns to what I think is a more normal environment, I think we'll see volumes return to what we think of as our normal expectations.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks for that color. Going back to  Brad, you mentioned that some of the capitated contracts converted to fee for service. Whats' driving that, and is it more of an opportunity given the pricing differential (inaudible)?
William B. Hayes: Well, and some of that is showing up in the price decline that you see there too because sometimes its just a payment mechanism for some payers. So they may have been higher than the average on a capitated basis and just as a payment mechanism want to switch to a fee for service mechanism. So that's one reason.    Another reason maybe I typically think of the capitated business as associated with HMO membership and even IPA membership in some geographies. So as potentially plans phase out their HMO plans or reduce their HMO membership, we would see a shift to fee for service.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That makes sense. And then Dave, you talked about I think your extending the CIGNA contract. Are there any details that you can provide, such as how long that contract is now?
David P. King: I believe we extended it to 2013 and no, we're not going to provide any details other than that except to say that we're very pleased with the terms and conditions.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Is that exclusive?
David P. King: No. It is not.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets:  Oh okay, thanks. And then if I did the math right, it looks like the Canadian price for your session has been increasing  I think it came in at around $28.50 per test. And we have seen this trend over the last couple of quarters. What's driving that increase because that's more like captivated business isn't it?
William B. Hayes: Yes, Kevin. And the exchange rate is totally what you're seeing there. It has improved sequentially throughout this year, but in the third quarter it's still a drag from what it was in the third quarter of last year, but it has been sequentially improving this year.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then given the stability of that business, Dave, I think we've had conversations  you seem to like that business. Is there any way you could expand up in Canada? Or I guess Id also like to get your updated thoughts on the international markets.
David P. King: Obviously we do like the Canadian business and we continue to look at opportunities to grow that business in a way that's consistent with our overall growth strategies. I would say on the international market, the international market, while there is a lot of opportunity, also involves multiple payment systems, many single payer government system  so we continue to look at the international market. I should mention that in our collaboration with Mubadala, the Abu Dhabi sovereign wealth fund around opening the National Reference Lab in the United Arab Emirates that we are on track to open the first phase of that laboratory in Dubai and that is on track to open in November, so next month. And we continue to be on track to open the second phase of it which is the Emirates Reference Lab in Abu Dhabi in the spring of next year. So we are looking at international opportunities where particularly in a collaborative approach we can test the international market without taking on a great deal of risk. But we still see many obstacles to thinking about a significant international presence.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. That's all I had. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator's Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Hi. Good morning, just a couple of follow-ups on the esoteric business. First, you spoke to the strong esoteric volume growth specifically, but if you look at revenue per requisition, it looks like that's down again this quarter. I'm just curious, is that mix related or perhaps the in-sourcing trend you spoke to earlier?
William B. Hayes: Amanda, I completely consider that to be mix related. There aren't any major rate resettings that have gone on there. As I've mentioned in the past, I think when we have tests like Vitamin D that are lower than the average growing rapidly and, for example, the histology volume going away that is higher than the average, I think that's what's playing into what you see there in the total numbers.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: So how do we think about, just in the longer term, the contribution of volume and revenue per requisition to overall esoteric revenue growth for a longer-term trend perspective?
David P. King: I just think it's very difficult to predict. I mean if you go back three or four years, the big driver of esoteric volume growth was cystic fibrosis which is a substantially higher priced test. If you go back two years, HPV which is sort of a higher, but not as high priced test. Now Vitamin D which is a still above the company average price per test, but below cystic fibrosis and HPV. So I mean obviously if we're able to sell more of the Monogram tests, that's going to drive higher revenue per requisition with relatively low volume impact. As we start to see uptake of our microarray testing, I mean again, relatively high price growth per requisition without a lot of associated volume growth. Ideally think it's just difficult to predict what we're going to see as a trend there other than we are going to continue to focus on growing the esoteric volumes and fully integrating the esoteric businesses into the test menu.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Okay, that's helpful. Last one, clearly the focus on specialty docs has had some positive impact. How much more traction do you think you can gain from that initiative going forward?
David P. King: I think there's still ample opportunity in things like advanced cardio lipid testing, the oncology specifically as opposed to anatomic pathology, rheumatology, endocrinology  we have seen very, very strong growth in our endocrinology business. Our allergy business is performing very well. So I still think theres plenty of opportunity in the specialty markets for us.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray.
Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray: Yeah, thanks. Just a couple of real quick followups. One, just want to clarify, guys, periodically the tests that are once classified are changing to core and I'm thinking a good example may be amino assay a couple of decades ago . We didn't reclassify anything in the core in the quarter did we?
David P. King: No. We don't.
Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray: Okay, great. And then last question for me, you guys called out KRAS as well as Vitamin D, anything else in the esoteric side that helped drive that business?
David P. King: Well, when we talked about KRAS in terms of companion diagnostics, I wouldn't  that by itself is not moving the needle on esoteric. I mean it is Vitamin D, it is HPV, it is prenatal genetics. Those are the things that probably are accountable for the most growth there.
Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray: Very good, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. Dave, you had mentioned in the past shutting down some of the central lab facilities  Herndon is the one that you called out, but I think you told me once that there were three or four others that could ultimately come offline as well. Is that still in the cards and can I get your sense of timing on something like that?
David P. King: We have substantially downsized the Herndon facility and you probably remember a couple of years ago now we substantially downsized the Louisville facility. And we continue to look at these opportunities. The challenges to maintain logistics and customer service around any sort of a facility downsizing or a facility shutdown, I think there still are some opportunities for us, Bob, but I don't have a sense of when those things might occur. In the next couple of years we will continue to look hard at all of our facilities and seek opportunities for rationalization.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. My understanding also is you won a large paternity contract in Ohio from the mighty orchid Cellmark there. Did that hit this quarter or is that something that is to come?
David P. King: We did. You are correct. We did win a large paternity contract in Ohio and I believe we started seeing revenue from that at some point in the quarter.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Early, late do you know?
David P. King: I just dont remember  I'm going to say in the middle of the quarter.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then relative to what you lost, any sense of size on it?
David P. King: It's considerably smaller than what we lost.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just lastly, given what's on the table for health care reform, I mean I could see as scenario where smaller labs with more Medicare business might be under more pressure going forward. Is there any thought or logic in a strategy to maybe get a bit more aggressive on price over the next year to hasten some departures from the market or just no interest on your end to shift the strategy?
David P. King: I don't think  well, first of all obviously as you know Medicare is fee-scheduled based payments so we don't compete directly with labs that have a higher percentage of Medicare on Medicare pricing. In terms of other pricing, I mean we evaluate every opportunity based on a number of factors; what is the potential volume opportunity, what is the pricing opportunity, what's the mix of testing? So I can say we don't have any intention of adopting a strategy of let's just go out there and cut price to gain volume. We'll continue to look at all of these opportunities based on what's the overall potential positive impact to the business and is the business going to be consistent with the profitability profile that we look for when we bring ne work on.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. That's it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein with Barclays Capital.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: All right. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Just a couple of final questions here. I know it's late in the call so I'll to be brief. Maybe can you just talk a little bit more about the pricing here in that you guys did see a really good number, obviously more favorable mix shift. So how do you think about true pricing and how do you think about benefit from mix as we look at the numbers here, and I have a quick followup? Thank you.
William B. Hayes: I think mix is a larger driver in the past, currently and in the future, than real pricing to that as a general answer to that question.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay. But the quarter here has got revenue per session accelerated pretty meaningfully and so you're saying that that would be primarily mixed the way you look at it?
William B. Hayes: Right, in test mix, and I might add in payer mix as well as some other questions got around. I mean, we are losing captivated volume and revenue which is lower priced. So I think that also you have test mix, you have payer mix, and I think those are two contributors. I'll also mention one other factor which is Monogram, and again, Monogram has very little volume so we're seeing that in the revenue per excision much more so than we would see in the volume statistics. And again, around the contract losses, without specifically quantifying it, we mentioned those were also lower than the average price.  So again we can be fairly certain what's going on with real prices in most of our business as we've talked about managed care, as we've talked about government payers, as we've talked about some of our client business. So again it just leaves it to the fact that it is the other two factors that drive it more so than real price.
David P. King: I just don't want to leave the impression that there's no real price in the revenue per requisition trend that we're seeing because obviously there was a government price increased this year and we have had government price increases from a number of different payer groups. Every year we seek to increase prices in our client sector whether it's direct physician, hospital, clinical trials  even in our drugs of abuse testing. And we have price escalators built into managed care contracts. So I don't want to leave the impression that this quarter's revenue per requisition is wholly driven by mix because there is some real price in there that has been the result of our pricing initiatives.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Absolutely. Okay, and then just final question, as you guys think about volumes, a kind of pro forma volumes if you back out some of those items you're saying that it's about 2%. Quest earlier in the week, they put a flat number, but after backing up some stuff they were a little bit lower than that. So I guess, do you guys think that the markets growing at that rate between 1%-2% in terms of volumes? And I guess what I'm getting it, do you think you're taking share, do you think share has been stable? Just curious to get your thoughts there.
David P. King: I think right now the market is probably growing at about that rate. I think the market is growing more slowly than it has historically just because of all the factors that we've talked about. And I think when we start to see again, job creation in the economy and a little more stability in the economy, we'll see a return to more traditional growth rates.  I think it's hard ever to say that one is taking share. I mean we are growing the top line and we are growing the volumes when you adjust for these somewhat unusual circumstances, and we're pleased about that. And again, I think a lot of it is just we're doing a good job focusing on doctors who were writing lab slips and showing them the benefits of why ordering their testing from LabCorp with our fully integrated IT solutions, with the broadest test menu in the industry, is advantageous to them in helping them to treat their patients optimally.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operators Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Shelley Gnall with Goldman Sachs.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs:  Thanks for taking the question. Just a little bit more on the volumes front, as you think about your run rate volume trends, do you get a sense that the demand is weaker coming from hospitals or from physician offices?
David P. King: I don't know the answer to that question. I mean, when we see the volumes coming in, it's probably just very difficult to get to that level of granularity about where does it come from. When a patient comes into a patient service center with a lab req, we don't have any ability to identify did that come directly from a doctor's office, did it come from a hospital campus, did it come from a hospital clinic  I mean, so I think it would be nothing more than speculation if I were to try to give you a direct answer to that. I would just say again, we didn't se anything in the quarter that was inconsistent with what we started seeing in past quarters in terms of the trend and we didn't see anything that kind of jumped out at us as a particular sector other than drugs of abuse being way or up or way down.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks. I guess on the drugs of abuse testing just one followup; can you tell us where we are now with drugs of abuse as a percent of volume or as a percent of revenue or both?
David P. King: I don't know that we could tell you specifically where we are today. Historically we've said drugs of abuse is about 3%-4% of total revenue and it's about 7% of total volume. Obviously as drugs of abuse testing has declined and total volume has gone up  I mean, those numbers are an approximation, but that's where we've been historically.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: And am I right in my understanding some of the feedback that you've given on the call to think that it's realistic to expect a continued drag from the drugs of abuse testing beyond the anniversary effect in the fourth quarter?
David P. King: Well, it's hard to know because it's hard to know what would happen in the first quarter. I mean, the fourth quarter was when we saw the major decline last year. Just to kind of quickly review those numbers for you, the drug of abuse testing, and I think Steve mentioned them in his comments, in the first quarter of this year we saw a 20% decline year over year. It was 19% in the second quarter and it was 15% this quarter.  If we go back to the fourth quarter of 2008 it was 16.9%, remember that's off a higher base, and then in the third quarter of 2008 it was 10.3%, again off of a higher base. So what you would see in the fourth quarter presumably is the annualization of the first real significant big drop, and then you would see in the first quarter, the annualization of a big drop that we had in the first quarter of '09. So the comps will definitely get easier and as I've noted, if you look sequentially at the drag from drugs of abuse testing in our results, the drag is getting smaller.  So I would expect the drag to continue to get smaller going forward. It's not a static number, but I can't predict what it will do as we get out beyond the fourth quarter and into next year.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: That's very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: And at this moment I'm showing there are no further questions in the queue.
David P. King: Great. Thank you very much. We appreciate you listening to our call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dave King - President & Chief Executive Officer Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Ed Dodson - Senior Vice President & Chief Accounting Officer Bill Bonello - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Amanda Murphy - William Blair Robert Willoughby - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group Gary Taylor - Citi
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the second quarter of Laboratory Corporation of America earnings conference call. My name is Michaela and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Mr. Dave King, CEO; please proceed.  
Dave King: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to LabCorps 2009 second quarter conference call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Bill Bonello Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning we will discuss our second quarter results, highlight our strategic priorities and growth drivers and provide answers to several frequently asked questions.  I would now like to turn the call over to Bill Bonello, who has a few comments before we begin.
Bill Bonello:  Before we begin, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and internet. Please refer to todays press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed a Form 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analyst and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to todays press release which is available on our website for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during todays call to GAAP. I would also like to point out that any forward-looking statements made during this conference call are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various important factors that could affect the companys financial results. These factors are set forth in detail in our 2008 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any update to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change. Now, Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
Brad Hayes: Thank you, Bill. By now you should have had a chance to review our second quarter financial results. On todays call, Ill discuss four key measures of our financial performance; cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. First, cash flow: Our cash flow trends remain excellent. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended June 30, 2009 increased 12.7% to $668.8 million. For 2009, we continue to expect operating cash flow, excluding any transition payments made to United Healthcare to be approximately $800 million. The operating cash flow guidance includes a $54.8 million reduction from the pension contributions. We continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately $130 million. We are also pleased with our strong cash collection efforts in the quarter. DSO at the end of June was 50 days, down two days sequentially. Our bad debt rate was stable at 5.3%. Second, revenue growth: During the quarter, we achieved strong volume growth and continued mix shift to higher value tests. Revenue increased 3.6% year-over-year in the second quarter. Total company volume increased 2.4% year-over-year. Excluding the consolidation of the companies Ontario, Canada joint venture, volumes increased 1.6% year-over-year. Drugs of abuse testing declined by 19% year-over-year, which reduced total volume growth by 150 basis points. Esoteric volume increased 10.8% year-over-year. Revenue per accession increased 1.1% year-over-year. Excluding the consolidation of the companys Ontario, Canada joint venture, revenue per accession increased 2.6% year-over-year. The growth in revenue per accession is attributable to both mix shift and rate increases. Third, margin; for the second quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 21.4%. This margin declined approximately 90 basis points year-over-year due to increases in bad debt, pension expense and employee health benefit costs and the impact of foreign exchange. We remain focused on increasing automation and efficiency in our labs, which should enable margin expansion in the future. Fourth, liquidity; we remain well capitalized. At the end of June, the company had cash of $226.6 million and approximately $300 million available under its revolving line of credit. During the quarter, the company paid $289.4 million and issued approximately 430,000 shares to call 50% of its outstanding zero coupon convertible notes. This transaction strengthens our balance sheet and reduces future cash flow risk. At the end of June, total debt was $1.4 billion, including $70.8 million drawn on our revolving credit facility. During the second quarter, we entered into an agreement to acquire Monogram Biosciences, for a total enterprise value of approximately $155 million. We expect to fund this transaction from cash-on-hand during the third quarter. This morning we announced updated 2009 financial guidance. We now expect revenue growth of approximately 4% versus our previous guidance of 2% to 4%. The increase is a reflection of our strong results in the first two quarters of the year. We now expect adjusted EPS of approximately $4.85 to $4.95 versus our previous guidance of $4.75 to $4.95. Our revised guidance excludes any impact from the Monogram acquisition, which is expected to be approximately $0.12 diluted in 2009, including $0.04 of transaction related expenses. Id also remind everyone that the fourth quarter has historically been our lowest of the year in terms of revenue and net income. The current first call consensus does not appear to reflect this historical trend. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
Dave King: Thank you, Brad. We are very pleased with our second quarter results, especially our continued strong volume growth, cash flow and cash collections. I would like to highlight some of the initiatives that were pursuing to drive growth in 2009 and beyond. Our most important priorities for this year are to gain new customers, maintain pricing and control costs. Furthermore, we see opportunities to accelerate revenue growth through continued leadership in personalized medicine. So we will remain focused on growing our esoteric testing platform, expanding our outcome improvement programs and developing and commercializing companion diagnostics. During the second quarter we announced an agreement to acquire Monogram Biosciences, a leading provider of companion diagnostics for HIV and oncology. The expected acquisition will advance LabCorps leadership in infectious disease and oncology testing, companion diagnostics and personalized medicine. Monogram fits LabCorps profile for strategic acquisitions. Its a company with an excellent clinical reputation, a market leading product in personalized medicine, established sales and a substantial growth opportunity. LabCorp will use its sales force and national infrastructure to build on Monograms already strong brand. On the margin front overtime, we believe there is an opportunity to reduce our fixed cost base through automation and capacity rationalization. During the quarter, we continue to implement proprietary robotics to automate front-end processing for HPV testing in our largest labs. We will continue to roll out HPV robotics nationally throughout the year. This automation will result in savings from labor, more efficient use of reagents and test site consolidation. We are also developing robotics to automate other pre-analytical processes. In summary, we remain very excited about the growth opportunities that lie ahead and continue to believe that we are well positioned to capitalize on that. Now, Bill Bonello will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Bill Bonello: Thank you, Dave. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from Esoteric Testing?  In the second quarter, approximately 36% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. Our goal over the next three to five years is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 40% of revenues. What are your plans for uses of free cash flow during 2009?  We remain committed to returning value to our shareholders, first by using our free cash flow to growing our business through strategic acquisitions and licensing agreements; and second, through continuing our approved share repurchase program. The acquisition market remains attractive with a number of opportunities to strengthen our scientific capabilities, grow our esoteric testing franchise and increase our presence in key geographic areas. Historically, we have been a consistent buyer of our own shares. Over the past three years, the company has repurchased $1.7 billion worth of stock. Approximately $95.4 million of repurchase authorization remained under our approved share repurchase plan at the end of the quarter. Can you remind us of how drugs of abuse volume trended during the year? In the quarter, our drugs of abuse volume declined 19% year-over-year. That compares to year-over-year decreases of 20.1% in Q1 of this year, 15.9% in the fourth quarter of 2008, 10.3% in the third quarter of 2008, and 7.9% in the second quarter of 2008. What is the impact of the CPIU update?  We generate approximately 12% of our revenue from the Clinical Laboratory Medicare fee schedule and that is the revenue that would be subject to the CPIU. What is the status of your transition payments to United Healthcare?  In the quarter, the company was billed $12.4 million in transition payments and paid $10.5 million in transition payments. Today, LabCorp has been billed a total of $92.5 million and paid $90.4 million in transaction payments to United Healthcare. Now, Id like to turn the call back over to Dave.
Dave King: Thank you, Bill. In summary, we are pleased with our performance year-to-date. We will work aggressively to gain new customers, maintain price and control costs. Looking forward, we see great opportunities to accelerate growth through continued leadership in personalized medicine. Thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Dave King: Good morning.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Just everything looks very good here. Just a few questions, I guess. Maybe just first on the guidance, just curious why you are not incorporating, Monogram? I know you broke it out for us, so we can know the impact, but just wanted to see in terms of why you werent incorporating that and then Ive got a few follow-up questions.
Dave King: Adam, its Dave. Good morning. We havent incorporated it because it hasnt closed yet and so, I think it would be somewhat confusing to incorporate it prior to the time that the transaction closes. Once it closes, then well in a position to have an exact idea of where we think its going to come out.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: You still anticipate closing in Q3?
Dave King: We have received notice from the FDC as we disclosed that the transaction has cleared HSR. The tender offer is underway and its proceeding inline with our expectations. So, barring some unforeseen circumstance, yes we would expect to close in Q3.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Okay and then just as we look at the mix of cash, and weve seen it turn for several quarters, but I just one I wanted to got some more colors here, but in terms of the esoteric testing significantly outpacing the core volumes and just clearly core volumes have been impacted by the economy somewhat, but really have seen no impact; it looks like on the esoteric side. So, just curious to get your thoughts in terms of that trend, do you think well continue to see such a big spread between the different segments through the rest half of the year?
Brad Hayes: Hey Adam, its Brad. Traditionally, that group has grown faster than the core. I would add and its consistent with past quarters, vitamin D continues to be a big grower in that category and even HPV as well continues to grow. So we certainly expect that over time that category grows faster than the core.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Okay and then just my final question here and Bill you had mentioned the CPI impact in terms of Medicare, but theres been a lot of questions in the last couple weeks about whether there is an impact in terms of the escalators in Managed Care contracts, in terms of whether they are linked to CPI or other inflationary measures.  So just curious to get some thoughts in terms of how we should think about just the decelerating trend in most of the ways we track inflation and whether any of your Managed Care contracts will be impacted by that in the future? Thank you.
Brad Hayes: Adam, Brad again. As wed look at the contracts, there arent any that are tied to; I wont say that. The majority of them are not tied to a fluctuating number. They tend to be more in fixed types of the increases as opposed to tide to a fluctuating number.
Dave King: Im Dave. Just one point of clarification that Brad said majority, but I think its accurate to say the overwhelming majority are not tied in anyway to a fluctuating number. So our major contracts and the ones that account for the biggest portion of our managed care revenue are fixed increases.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay, great and thank you for the detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with RBC Capital Markets; please proceed.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning guys. Nice quarter.
Dave King: Good morning.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Dave, I was wondering if you just give us an update on your thoughts on Health-Care Reform, how it might impact your business following President Obamas press conference from last night?
Dave King: I think its a bit obvious that the final chapter on Health-Care Reform is yet to be written, Kevin. What we keep coming back to some key points in terms of the role of the laboratory and I heard these a lot, but they are the points that we are making as we are very active through our trade association and also ourselves, engaging the relevant committees and staffers in a discussion about what should happen in Health-Care Reform with labs. With 3% of the spend we influence 70% to 80% of the healthcare decisions. If you look at the most recent numbers out, program administration costs for healthcare in this country are 7%. So more than double the amount that we are spending on laboratories.  The average cost of labs to Medicare beneficiaries is about $122 a year and so, my view continues to be labs are the biggest bargain in all of our healthcare spends. On top of that, weve only had two rate adjustments from the government of any kind in the last ten years, the 4.5% we got this year and then it was less than 1% several years ago. So, in real dollars laboratories are actually being paid substantially less than we were ten years ago and I think that distinguishes us from most other providers, who do receive annual market basket or inflationary type updates. So I think we have a very compelling position in terms of the value of labs in healthcare. Clearly the focus on prevention and screening and on expansion of coverage would be a positive for us and although its too early to predict what Congress ultimately will do, we are optimistic that we are going to come out of Health-Care Reform in a position that is certainly no worse than the position we are in today.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Got it, okay thanks for that information. Going back to the drugs of abuse testing, I think Brad said it was 150 basis point drag on volume. How much was it a benefit to pricing growth?
Brad Hayes: Kevin, we dont break that out, but we definitely track its impact on the volume, but we dont break out the impact on the price.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets:
 :
Brad Hayes: Thats right. Its a lower price than the average business. So, yes it would be safe to assume.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Got it and then if I did the math right. It looks like the Managed Care captivated business was down slightly and the price per recession is also down; anything driving that?
Brad Hayes: Yes, a few things as we look at that trend. We had a few contracts that we terminated and that were all higher than the average price. We had some contracts that shifted from a capitated payment mechanism into a fee for service. So that would have gone from that portion down to the fee for service portion; and then across some plans, we noticed membership loss. So those are the three things that are behind the trend that you mentioned.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, anything significant or just kind of normal business?
Brad Hayes: I think normal business, with the exception of the membership loss. I mean thats probably something that we would not have seen in the past and I would not say that it is significant, but certainly its one of the drivers behind that trend.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair; please proceed.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair: Hi, good morning. Just a question on your top line guidance, Im curious. The 4% number, is that because the esoteric business did better than you thought or is that really sort of better volumes on the core side? Whats kind of driving the shift of the 4% number? 
Dave King: Amanda, its Dave. The biggest thing driving it is the first half performance. I mean obviously we have all-in done better than 4% in the first half of the year, and as we look at the trends, we think thats sustainable through the second half.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair: Was there one area; was it the esoteric side that kind of exceeded your expectations relative to the beginning of the year?
Dave King: I wouldnt say exceeded our expectations; I think obviously if we thought it could be in the two to four range and now were saying its going to be four, weve exceeded expectations in a number of areas, but I wouldnt point to any one thing and say thats the driver. I think its overall top line performance that makes us feel comfortable with the 4%.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair: Okay and then shifting to the core volumes. It looks like, if you look to some in the U.S. that they were down a little bit more than in the first quarter. Number one, is that accurate?  Also it looks like this is really coming from physician and self pay volumes, where as Managed Care just in total looks like it had a little bit of an up tick? I just curious if thats inline of what you saw and if theres anything thats in terms of first quarter to second quarter thats driving a little bit of deceleration in core volumes?
Brad Hayes: Amanda, this is Brad. I would say one thing to remember, is that Easter helped in the first quarter and was a reducer of volume growth in the second quarter; and that most of that would have been in the core line. Also to add to that, the drugs of abuse testing business as you know is in that line as well and continues to weigh on that growth rate. So, the way we think about the growth rate, generally volume-wise, first quarter to second, if you take into account the shift in the holiday from quarter to the next, its about the same in total.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair: Okay. So the growth is the same in the first and the second quarter? 
Brad Hayes: Yes.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair: Okay, and then you talked also about your focus or your initiative to focus on specialty docs versus primary care docs and that seems to be working out for you pretty well. Can you just talk about, do you plan on carrying that on through the year or how is that in your mind progressing for you?
Dave King: Amanda, its Dave. Obviously there is a balance, because the primary care and frontline physicians see by far the largest number of patients. On the other hand, there are many that do not order as many laboratory tests as some of the high end specialties like Endocrinology and Rheumatology and some others. So I would say weve been pleased with the success of the strategy of focusing on specialty physicians. Well continue to have our sales force focused on those specialty physicians and specialty physician offices, but were not in anyway ignoring the opportunity in the primary care sector.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Willoughby with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Can you speak to any exposure you might have in California? What the payment experience there has been for you, and just any other states in general are you seeing problems emerging anywhere with budget issues?
Dave King: I think weve said historically Bob that the Medicaid programs in general are reliable, but inconsistent payers and I think that would be an accurate description of what were experiencing. Remember that medical was I believe, less than half a percent of our total revenue in 2008. So we dont have a tremendous amount of exposure there, but lets face it, most states are under some significant budgetary pressure and it wouldnt be surprising to see Medicaid rates in general starting to be reduced.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Well, the rates are one thing. Are you actually collecting as well on a timely basis?
Brad Hayes: This is Brad. Nothing that Im aware of at this point thats slowing down that process, but itll certainly be something as we move through the rest of the year to keep an eye on.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, and is there any one state in particular; is North Carolina youre biggest or where do we focus on; its certainly not California?
Dave King: I think its pretty evenly distributed. I dont think of North Carolina as a huge state in the way thats broken out. I mean just given our geographic distribution. I mean obviously some of the big states are Florida, Texas, New York. So, theres no one state Id say that were over exposed in.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thats it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank; please proceed.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank:  Thanks, hi everyone. I wanted to just talk a little bit about the lab consolidations, I think you referenced in your press release. Can you just flush out a little bit more, what youve done there in terms of consolidating any facilities?
Dave King:
 :
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay, so thats been an ongoing situation as I recall, so thats not necessarily new. Is that consolidation for the most part completed at this point?
Dave King: Id say its substantially complete. I mean theres some work left to do there, but the major consolidation of the testing volumes and the major personnel impact has occurred.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay and can you frame the annualized cost savings from the actions youve taken there thus far?
Dave King: I dont think I can breakout the individual annualized cost savings for one consolidation. Obviously, we anticipate gaining significant cost savings anytime that we reduce the size and staffing of the facility.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay and then just may be a question or two regarding Monogram and that transaction. I guess what Im just wondering if you can help us with is, the dilutive effect in this calendar year and then I think the commentary in the original release was that you expected it to become accretive, if Im not mistaken, in 2010. Can you just talk about how you go from a deal being dilutive north of $0.10 with less than six months of impact to accretion, maybe just talk strategically and operationally on how you plan to absorb that and how we get there?
Dave King: Sure. First of all, remember $0.04 of the dilution comes from the fact that we have to expense the transaction costs up front, which we used not to have to do. We used to be able to capitalize those and to recognize them overtime. So thats $0.04 of dilution right off the back. Monogram is a small public company. So they have the entire public company infrastructure in terms of the G&A and anytime that you acquire a small public company integrated into a larger public company, there are pretty substantial and immediate synergy opportunities from the ability to reduce that G&A component. Then there are and I want to stress, we are not talking about reducing the science, we are not talking about reducing the innovation, we are talking about reducing what you would think about as back office functions and administrative functions in particular. Then, typically when we do an acquisition, we see that the acquired entity pays substantially more for things that we are able to pay less for; supplies, instruments, even in the case of Monogram, tissue samples that they have to acquire for their oncology innovation and development. So, we see the opportunity for some relatively significant and immediate cost reductions there.  So all in all, I mean strategically, we would prefer not to do dilutive acquisitions, but you look at a company like this that has $70 million in revenue. They have a terrific suite of services that are actually in the market, terrific brand on top of that and our ability to take the dilutive profile and turn it to an accretive profile is why we think this is that the kind of acquisition that we should be making.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay and just in terms of the public company costs, typically would you expect one to two quarters to get that synergy or is that in the first quarter?
Dave King: I think you get an initial amount in the first quarter and then in the following quarter you see the benefit of other amounts. I mean for example, as a public company they pay auditors to prepare financial statements. Thats an expense that goes away relatively quickly once they prepare whatever final statements they have to prepare.  Some of the other ones, transition arrangements with there executives, that may take more than a quarter or less than a quarter, just depending on what we work out, but by the end of two quarters we should see the overall G&A synergies pretty much realized.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks a lot for that. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gurda with Leerink Swann. Please proceed.
Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann: Good morning.
Dave King: Good morning.
Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann: Are you guys impacted at all or potentially impacted by UNHS win of the Tricare contracts or is that separate?
Dave King: Not in any material way I think.
Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann: Okay and then, was there anything in this quarter where you benefited from or anything significant I should say? I think in the first quarter you had talked about being negatively by some Medically Unlikely edits and that are hoped to get those solved in the second quarter?
Dave King: Well first of all, I know that the Medically Unlikely edits were withdrawn and at the moment are still withdrawn. My understanding is CMS is still working on the Medically Unlikely Edits and I believe that the revenue impact in the first quarter did reverse in this quarter.
Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann: Okay and the last question, which is just a little bit unusual and maybe Im totally wrong, but I recall you saying something maybe six months ago about how in the third quarter you had benefit from an extra business day?  It was related to a conversation we had about I think in the first quarter; the impact from the loss of the leap year day and how that was not a benefit in the first quarter, but you thought that youd benefit in the third quarter for a reason; is that the case?
Dave King: I believe that the number of revenue days in the third quarter is the same as last year. What we think about is the strength of revenue days is the same as last year. So there was an extra day in the third quarter last year as a result of leap year, but when we look at the strength of days in the third quarter this year versus last, its basically the same.
Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann: Okay, so simply flat? Okay.
Dave King: Yes.
Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann: Okay, thank you.
Dave King: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray: Good morning, nice quarter.
Dave King: Thank you, good morning.
Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray: Not a whole lot to pick on here, just I guess a couple of housekeeping questions. In terms of the Monogram deal, just to come back to that. From a revenue standpoint guys, you mentioned kind of all three of the categories, is there anything in particular you want to call out? 
 :
Dave King: Well, I think youve ordered them essentially correctly, although I would make the observation that yes, the HIV products are clearly well established. The Trofile Assay, that assay has been the basis of all the clinical studies that have been done. That assay is the basis of all of the research that has been done on the efficacy of the drug. So, I dont think in fairness there is anything out there comparable to that assay and I think, the opportunity for us is quite significant. Particularly, given that there are going to be more drugs in this category coming to market, is my understanding on the next couple years.  I do agree that the oncology is quite early. Its only been on the market since October of last year. Its very interesting, but we dont ascribe a lot of revenue opportunity there until we see how the market develops. Ill just also make a comment that I think Monogram has done some very interesting work in Hepatitis C. Again, its in early stage and we have to evaluate it fully, but I think that is also potentially really a nice opportunity for us. So, the combination of the existing products, what we perceive to be the industry leading position and the demonstrated record of innovation or what makes this acquisition so attractive to us.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Understood, thank you for that. Then just lastly for me, the accounts receivable and the inventory levels were not disclosed in the press release. Brad, are you willing to give us the absolute numbers there?
Brad Hayes: I think the accounts receivable balance is.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: If it is, Im sorry I must have missed it.
Brad Hayes: Yes, on page six, the net accounts receivable is $655.3 million.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Very good; and inventory please?
Brad Hayes: That is not in the press release and it will be in the 10-Q.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Yes great. Thanks guys. Nice work.
Brad Hayes: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse; please proceed.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Good morning. Did we anniversary some acquisitions from a year ago in 1Q maybe, that didnt sort of help in 2Q and may explain some of the sequential downtick in the volume trend?
Dave King: No, I dont think so Ralph. I think the biggest reason for the sequential downtick is the shift of Easter from 2Q to 1Q.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay and you said the way to look at that is just average the two quarters in terms of volume and then sort of split that in half and thats sort of a run rate if you will?
Dave King: The way I would look at it is, you take about 50 basis points of the first quarter volume growth and you move into the second quarter and that normalizes for the Easter shift.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay, so 50 basis for Easter, okay, alright thats fine. Then can you tell us what percentage of your managed care contracts and/or revenue comes up for renewal on any given year and maybe more specifically for 2010?
Dave King: We dont really talk about specific percentages or contracts. Id go back to what we previously said, which is that WellPoint and United are contracted out for a significant period of time. We are in discussions with CIGNA. We have said previously that contract, if not extended does come up in the middle of 2010, and those are the major ones. Obviously we are out of network with Aetna, but continuing to attempt to position ourselves to be back in network at the time that contract comes up for an opportunity.  The rest of our contracts is just there is not anything big enough to even, theres nothing individually thats big enough to call out in terms of 2010 impact.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay and then just going back to the guidance, can you just help to sort of explain why you would earn less in the second half of the year relative to the first half of the year, just given the easier comps?
Brad Hayes: Ralph, its Brad. The biggest impact that one could point you would be the fourth quarter revenue number. I mean it is traditionally the lowest absolute revenue number based on primarily the holidays. So, if we look back to the history, we would always see with very few exceptions that to be the case and across the fixed cost base, I mean we dont have the ability to take the cost base down a dollar for a dollar to match that, we see that. If you look back the last few years, you may see some exceptions to that rule, but I would say theres been weather, share repurchase, etc that have caused the quarters to be fairly even over the past few years.  Even back to 2006 in the fourth quarter when we picked up United work ahead of the January 1 contract implementation date, but in our base model of what we look at, I mean the fourth quarter is always lower, therefore drags down the second half and I think youd see also that the second quarter is always the strongest quarter.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay, thats fair and then just my last one. Do you guys plan to update guidance when you do close the Monogram Biosciences deal?
Dave King: I think well consider that when we actually get to the point of closing Ralph, but we will obviously try to give additional clarity once we understand the exact impact of the numbers. Obviously from a [Nani] trust stand point, were still operating as two separate companies and there are certain levels of detail that were not permitted to get into until we close.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shelley Gnall with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thank you. A quick question on H1N1, did you see any impact on volumes in the quarter?
Dave King: Nothing material, I mean obviously H1N1, I would say influenza testing volume was up, but its not anything that would be material to the results.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then on the drugs of abuse testing, are you seeing a bottoming here? It looks like it might be moderating a little bit and then I guess, which quarter would you expect us to really see the effect anniversary?
Dave King: I dont think youll see the anniversary until the fourth quarter, thats where we saw the really drop-off last year. Obviously if you look at the numbers that Bill read as we stated, the fall-off was much more dramatic in the third quarter of last year, than it had been in the second quarter. So youll start to see it anniversary in the third quarter and you wont see the full impact of the anniversary until the fourth quarter. In terms of bottoming, I mean certainly the trend is that it is, the drugs of abuse testing is declining at a slower rate than it did last year, but we also have to remember that thats off a lower base. So Id be hesitant to put the word bottoming on it and then see that if we dont see some recovery on the hiring front, that we dont see improvement.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Okay, makes sense. Then just on your self-pay revenue per acquisition, it looks like its down and can you talk a little bit about where the key drivers there are? Is that a discounting or is it a mix issue?
Brad Hayes: Shelley, this is Brad. It is a discounting issue. You may recall from past calls, we initiated a patient discount program for self pay in our Patient Service Centers. So for a select group of test, there is a pretty significant discount for cash pay at the time of service and that is driving that revenue per requisition down.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Is there anything new that was done in the quarter that wasnt done before or just is a continuation?
Brad Hayes: I would say it is a continuation and a gaining of momentum of something thats already been rolled out.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Great, alright. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Vendetti with Maxim Group. Please proceed.
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group: Thanks. On the esoteric front, in addition to vitamin D and HPV, what else is being included in that category?
Brad Hayes: A number of tests; I mean first of all, the broad category is esoteric and genomic. So, we have genomic testing at the top, those are Jean based tests; we have histology which is tissue and then we have the category of esoteric. Esoteric for us includes a list of tests that are specialized in nature and only performed in a few of our facilities. Vitamin D is a good example; allergy testing is a good example, that there are really a number of tests in that group. I will say we dont move tests from one group to the other. So we do not move tests from esoteric down into core and core up into esoteric. So we try to keep the group stable so the rates are meaningful to look at over time.
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group: Okay, well obviously cancer is in the genomic, HIV would fall into
Brad Hayes: That would be a genetic test.
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group: Okay, that would fall as well. Okay, lastly on the transition payments, its supposed to end by the end of this year, but therell be a true up in the beginning of 2010. What do you think the impact of that true up is going to be, is that immaterial?
Brad Hayes: Well, its not actually a true up. The measurement period ends at the end of this year, so the bills will continue to come to us after the measurement period ends, because its not real-time. We still think of our exposure at the same level that we have in the past. It will just be a question of billing and payment, but I dont foresee any sort of true up as you say, thats beyond our expectation.
Dave King: I would just add to that, there isnt any reason to expect that the trend would accelerate. So if you look at the $10 million to $12 million in this quarter, there isnt any reason to expect thats going to change in the third quarter or fourth quarter of this year, which are the last two quarters that we have exposure. Its just timing of payment as opposed to a true up or any other kind of reconciliation.
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group:  Then lastly on the acquisition front, obviously Monogram brings the specialized cancer and HIV. Is there any other category in terms of acquisitions, in terms of specialized testing that you are focusing on at this point?
Brad Hayes: No, theres nothing really. I mean there are a number of very interesting areas out there; infectious disease, oncology testing, we have a terrific franchise in specialized endocrinology and we have really traffic franchise in specialized coagulation. So all of these areas are areas that we are going to continue to look to overtime, as areas where we can improve our position.
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group:  Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citi; please proceed.
Gary Taylor - Citi: Good morning. Most of my questions have been asked already. I just want to go back to just a couple of quick clarifications. On Monogram then for the second half of the year, does it make sense just to approximately think of the dilution as $0.08 and then $0.04 for the second half of the year, assuming the transaction piece is all in the 3Q?
Brad Hayes: Gary, this is Brad. I think thats reasonable. I mean the transaction costs will obviously be when we close and then the rest would be. Again, it kind of depends on when we the actual closing date as to how that will flow.
Dave King: Right, thats the only other thing Gary. Depending on the closing, it may be less days. 
Gary Taylor  Citi: Late in the quarter, early in the quarter sort of thing?
Dave King: Right.
Gary Taylor  Citi: Okay and I just want to go back to; it was mentioned, but you had previously said you thought the deal would be slightly accretive in 2010. Is that still your belief?
Dave King: Yes.
Gary Taylor  Citi: Okay and then just going back to the genomic revenue in the quarter just for a moment. I dont think this was asked, but that number was down sequentially, just the revenue number, thats occasionally down sequentially. So does it mean anything here in the quarter that was off sequentially and I guess most of the reason was the price per session was weaker. So is there a mix issue? Is there anything there that kind of changes your outlook for what that business will do this year?
Dave King: Gary, when I look behind that number, I see nothing but mix driving that. So for example, HPV is in there and grows at a rate, volume wise faster and is at a price point lower than that average. So some of the other tests may be growing at different rates, but I see nothing outside of a mix issue, nothing from a pure price perspective to speak of.
Gary Taylor  Citi: Any additional competition; anything there thats observable or just ?
Dave King: Not that has been observable to us.
Gary Taylor  Citi: Alright, thank you.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of Kevin Ellich with RBC Capital Markets; please proceed.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, just a couple of quick follow ups. You guys continue to do a good job on keeping a tight lid on expenses. Brad I was wondering, how much more room is there for margin improvement?
Brad Hayes: I think there is room for margin improvement. Again, if you think about the things that are dragging on margin this year that we have talked about, bad debt, the pension and other benefit costs and the exchange rate. I think that if we are able to grow our business in the mid single digits on the top line, there is definitely room for margin improvement as we move into the future and annualize some of the things that I mentioned.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Got it, and then on the cash flow, it was pretty strong this quarter, was there anything unusual in any of the moving parts?
Brad Hayes: Not that I can think of. On a year-over-year basis I think we had higher tax payments than last second quarter, but nothing in terms of anything unusual. The big pension payment was in the first quarter. So we had a smaller contribution in the second quarter than the first, but that was more than offset by the tax payments, so nothing unusual. I mean really what drove that are the strong cash collections in the quarter on the billing and collections side.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Got it, that makes sense. Then lastly Dave, going back to the question about other testing areas that you find attractive; quest announced they moved into the periodontal lab business. Just wondering if you guys took a look at that and whats your thoughts behind that?
Brad Hayes: I think the best way to express that is to say that in our view, there is a tremendous opportunity for growing our esoteric business in well recognized areas like infectious diseases, like cancer testing, like endocrinology, like special coagulation and some of the others that I mentioned. So I think were going to continue to focus on growing our volumes on the things that we view as high opportunity and that we think we know how to do well.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Dave King: Thank you very much. We appreciate your listening and participating in our second quarter earnings call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation in todays call. You may now disconnect and have a good day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David King - President and Chief Executive Officer Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  Ed Dodson - Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Bill Bonello - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations 
Analysts: Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann James Star - Longview Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co. Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank. Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital Robert Willoughby - Bank of America Ricky Goldwasser - UBS. Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co. Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray Gary Taylor - Citigroup Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs. Charles Rhyee - Oppenheimer
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the first quarter 2009 Laboratory Corporation of America earnings conference call. My name is Franceine and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Mr. David King, Chief Executive Officer. 
David P. King: Thank you, Franceine. Good morning and welcome to LabCorps 2009 first quarter conference call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Bill Bonello, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning we will discuss our first quarter results, highlight our strategic priorities and growth drivers and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. Id now like to turn the call over to Bill Bonello, who has a few comments before we begin.
Bill Bonello: Before we begin, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and internet. Please refer to todays press release for replay information. This morning, the company will be filing a Form 8-K/A, which includes additional information on our business and operations. This document supersedes the 8-K previously filed this morning correcting an error in the specialty mix table on page eight. This information will also be available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K/A on our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to todays press release which is available on our website for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during todays call to GAAP. I would also like to point out that any forward-looking statements made during this conference call are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various important factors that could affect the companys financial results. These factors are set forth in detail in our 2008 10-K and subsequent filings. The company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if our expectations change.  Now, Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William Hayes:   Thank you, Bill. By now you should have had a chance to review our first quarter financial results. On todays call, Ill discuss four key measures of our financial performance cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity.  First, cash flow; our cash flow trends remain excellent. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended March 31, 2009 increased 18.4% to $663.9 million. For 2009, we continue to expect operating cash flow, excluding any transition payments made to United Healthcare to be approximately $800 million. The operating cash flow guidance includes a $54.8 million reduction from the pension contributions. We continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately $130 million.  We are also pleased with our strong cash collection efforts in the quarter. DSO at the end of March was 52 days. Our bad debt rate was stable at 5.3%.  Second, revenue growth; during the quarter, we achieved strong volume growth and continued mix shift to higher value test. Revenue increased 4.8% year-over-year in the first quarter. Total company volume increased 3.9% year-over-year despite a 20.1% year-over-year decline in the drugs-of-abuse testing business. Excluding the consolidation of the companys Ontario, Canada joint venture, volume increased 2.6% year-over-year with a drag of 160 basis points from the decline in drugs-of-abuse testing.  Volume growth remained strong in esoteric testing, where volume increased 9% year-over-year. Revenue per accession increased 0.8% year-over-year. Excluding the consolidation of the companys Ontario, Canada joint venture, revenue per accession increased 3.2% year-over-year. The growth at revenue per accession is attributable to both mix shift and rate increases.  Our 2009 guidance for revenue growth remains 2% to 4%. We continue to expect that 2009 could be a challenging year for volume growth, given the economic environment. We believe that the job losses that occurred in late 2008 and early 2009 could have a more pronounced impact on volume and collections as these patients lose employer provided insurance coverage. On the other hand, our pricing outlook remains positive. We are pleased to have received price increases from both Medicare and several large managed care payers in 2009. Finally, I would remind everyone that Easter fell in the first quarter in 2008 and in the second quarter in 2009. That timing helped our year-over-year volume growth during the first quarter of 2009 and will reduce our volume growth in the second quarter. Third: margin. For the first quarter, our operating income margin was 20.8%. Operating income margin declined approximately 100 basis points year-over-year due to increases in bad debt, pension expense and the impact of foreign exchange. In addition, due to the economic environment, we made the decision to hold the employee share of healthcare cost flat, which increased the cost of employee benefits to the company. Excluding those item, margin would have been flat year-over-year.  Given these factors, we continue to expect that 2009 could be a difficult year for margin expansion. Nevertheless, we continue to lead the industry in operating income margin. We are focused on increasing automation and efficiency in our labs, which should enable greater margin expansion in the years to come.  Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of March, the company had cash of $373.2 million and approximately $300 million available under its revolving line of credit. At the end of March, total debt was $1.7 billion, including $70.8 million drawn on our revolving credit facility. I will now turn the call over to Dave. 
David King: Thank you, Brad. We are very pleased with the first quarter results, especially our continued strong volume growth and cash flow. However as Brad noted, we remain cautious about volume growth and collections for the balance of this year. I would like to highlight some of the initiatives that we are pursuing to drive growth in 2009 and beyond.  As we discussed in our fourth quarter conference call, our most important priorities for this year are to gain new customers, maintain pricing and control costs. Furthermore, we see opportunities to accelerate revenue growth through continued leadership and personalized medicine. So we will remain focused on growing our esoteric testing platform, expanding our outcome improvement programs and developing and commercializing companion diagnostics. We are also optimistic about our ability to reduce fixed costs through facility rationalization and introducing robotics to automate front end solutions. Let me discuss what we are doing to gain new customers to maintain pricing and control costs. On the volume front, we are continuing our efforts to target specialty physicians whose referral patterns may be less sensitive to the economy. Our ability to grow esoteric volume by 9% in the first quarter is a testament to the success of this strategy. On the pricing front, we have received scheduled rate increases from both Medicare and large commercial payers. Price integrity is a top priority and we continue to review our pricing structure to ensure that we are being paid appropriately for more complex and higher value tests. On the cost front, we are working aggressively to reduce expenses without compromising quality or growth. For instance, during the past quarter, we continued to generate supply cost savings by consolidating vendors for selective supplies and services. We continue to keep a tight lid on discretionary expenses such as consulting and travel. All of these efforts will be balanced against the spending that is necessary to accommodate our continued volume growth. I would also like to spend a few minutes discussing some of the initiatives that we are pursuing to lay the foundation for future revenue growth and margin expansion. On the revenue front, our objective is to continue to be the leading provider of personalized diagnostic medicine. We have three strategies that will move us toward that goal; continued growth in esoteric testing, expansion of outcome improvement programs and development and commercialization of companion diagnostics.  Our goal is to increase esoteric testing to 40% of our revenue in the next three to five years. We will achieve this goal by continuing to introduce new esoteric tests to respond to scientific discoveries, to improve patient care and outcomes and to satisfy unmet medical needs.  We will also advance our important collaborations with academic institutions such as Duke University and Yale University to help us in identifying and commercializing new and innovative tests. During the first quarter, LabCorp became the first national clinical laboratory to offer HTV PCR testing using a newly FDA-approved assay, the Roche's COBAS(R) AmpliPrep/COBAS(R) TaqMan(R) HCV Test. This assay is intended to be used as an aid in managing HCV infected individuals undergoing antiviral therapy.  Also during the quarter, LabCorp signed a collaboration agreement with Duke University related to LabCorps state-of-the-art Biorepository in Kannapolis, North Carolina. The collaboration agreement focuses on the operation of the facility as well as the management of samples deposited by Duke University and its clients and collaborators. In terms of outcome improvement, during the quarter we introduced our unique outcome improvement for chronic kidney disease in several key markets, and we will continue to roll the program out nationally throughout the year. We are in a process of developing additional programs for other chronic diseases and our goal is to introduce at least one such program each year.  During the quarter, we also made progress in development and commercialization of companion diagnostics. For instance, LabCorp was recently selected by United Healthcare as one of just two clinical laboratories with whom United Healthcare has contracted to perform KRAS testing to help guide therapy for colorectal cancer. Effective April 1, 2009, United Healthcare began to require the submission of a pathology report documenting KRAS gene type to determine coverage for Erbitux and Vectorvic.  During the quarter, we began to offer a companion diagnostic test for Plavix. Our test determines patients who are poor metabalizers in the most common CYP2C19, which is useful in determining risk for adverse cardiovascular events.  On the margin front, over time we believe there is opportunity to reduce our fixed cost base through automation and capacity rationalization. During the quarter, we implemented proprietary robotics to automate front-end processing for HPV testing in our largest lab. We will continue to roll out HPV robotics nationally throughout the year.  This automation will result in savings from labor, more efficient use of reagents and test site consolidation. We are also in the process of developing robotics to automate other pre-analytical processes. In summary, we remain very excited about the growth opportunities that lie ahead and continue to believe that we are well positioned to capitalize on it.  Now, Bill Bonello will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions. 
Bill Bonello: Thank you, Dave. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from Esoteric Testing? In the first quarter, approximately 35% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. Our goal over the next three to five years is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 40% of revenue. What are your plans for usage of free cash flow during 2009? We remain committed to returning value to our shareholders, first by using our free cash flow to grow our business through strategic acquisitions and licensing agreements. Second; through continuing our approved share repurchase program. However, given the economic environment, we may choose to retain a higher than normal cash balance throughout the year. The acquisition market remains attractive with a number of opportunities to strengthen our scientific capabilities, grow our esoteric testing franchise and increase our presence in key geographic areas. Historically, we have been a consistent buyer of our own shares. Over the past three years, the company has repurchased $1.7 billion worth of stock. Approximately $95.4 million of repurchase authorization remained under our approved share repurchase plan at the end of the quarter. Can you remind us of how drugs of abuse trended during the year? In the quarter, our drugs of abuse volume declined 20.1% year-over-year. This compares to a decline of 15.9% in the fourth quarter of 2008, 10.3% in the third quarter, 7.9% in the second quarter and 4.4% in the first quarter of 2008. What is the status of your transition payments to United Healthcare? In the quarter, the company was build $5.5 million in transition payments and paid $5.5 million in transition payments. To-date, LabCorp has been built a total of $80.1 million and paid $79.9 million in transition payments to United Healthcare. Can you give us an update on the status of your managed care contracts? We have no national contracts up for renewal in 2009. Now, Id like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David King:  Thank you, Bill. In summary, we are pleased with our robust top line growth in this challenging environment. We will work aggressively to gain new customers, maintain price and manage cost. Looking forward, we see great opportunities to accelerate revenue growth through continued leadership in personalized medicine. Thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse. 
Ralph Giccobbe  Credit Suisse:  Good morning. Just a couple of things here. One, I dont know if I missed it, did you guys give an impact for sort of one less day due to leap year?
David King:  Ralph, its Dave. The number of business days from the first quarter of this year and the first quarter of last year was the same, because of the way the calendar fell. 
Ralph Giccobbe  Credit Suisse:  Easter shift?
David King: Well, no. The one fewer day from leap year will actually be seen in the third quarter of this year and we talked about it a good bit last year, but its just the way that the calendar falls. Thats where the extra revenue day fell.
Ralph Giccobbe  Credit Suisse: And then I guess, staying on volume, just given the kind of tough comp in sort of the first quarter, just around drugs-of-abuse testing. I would think that comp should ease as we move through the year, is that not the way to look at it or how should we think about that?
David King:  I think you are correct that the comp will start to annualize, because as Bill pointed out, it was a 7% decline in the second quarter of 2008 versus 07. So we are starting off a lower base. The only caution I would give there is, we saw 15.9% in the fourth quarter and then it was 20% in the first quarter and that was off a reduced base from the first quarter of 2008. So, its hard to predict when we would see the absolute bottom of it, but I agree with you that it will moderate over time because of the way that the volumes declined last year. 
Ralph Giccobbe  Credit Suisse: Then just on the pricing side, on the organic sort of 3.2% growth and I think it sort of matched the fourth quarter, but this quarter sort of we saw the Medicare price bump come in. So we would have thought maybe a little bit higher is there anything we should be thinking about in that line item whether its adverse mix shift or something on the pricing side as a reason why we didnt see that sort of pick up sequentially? 
Brad Hayes:  Hi Ralph, this is Brad. I think if you look payer by payer in our 8-K, you will see it up where you would be expect it to be up. Its hard to deny that the decline in patient volume has a negative impact on the total pricing dynamic in terms payer mix shift.
Ralph Giccobbe  Credit Suisse: Just the last thing, I just want to back to sort of the kind of cost initiatives, you said sort of that tough margin expansion sort of year are more challenging. I just wanted to back to LabCorp 2010, just understands what are the timeframe, I know its sort of longer term strategy, kind of more of a kind of three-year plan, but it was supposed to start sort of in this year, and I know we are not probably not going get the benefits from bad debt they initially thought.  Is there anything we should thing about the ramp of sort of when the initiative start taking hold, is it second half of this year, and Im assuming the net 100 million of savings is still sort of the targeted goal for sort of the longer term period?
Brad Hayes: Yes. The $100 million in savings is still the targeted goal for the longer term period, as you noted Ralf, and as weve noted, some of that comes from reduction of bad debt over time. So, we do expect to see reduction of bad debt over time based on a number of the initiative were pursuing, but being realistic we will be very happy to hold bad debt stable for the rest of this year, just given what we see going on in the environment around us.  We will start to see the impact of a number of the 2010 initiatives in the second half of the year, and then probably picking up in the fourth quarter. That is all incorporated into the guidance that we have given. So, I think as we get out into the third and fourth quarter, you would see improvements in margin from 2010, but not necessarily anything that would cost the guidance to be different.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann.
Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann: As far the quarter goes, when you guys lower guidance in January, how the quarter turned out, was it better than expected when you changed the guidance by then or was it sort of in line with expectations?
David King: I would say, the quarter was within the range of our expectations when we reduced the guidance. Obviously were quite pleased with it in terms of the volume and revenue growth. The guidance that we put out, Jason was intended to incorporate a wide range of what could happen, and so we had a strong quarter from a volume and revenue standpoint, but as Brad pointed out there are reasons why we continue to feel cautious about the balance of the year. For that reason, I would say that the quarter was within the range of expectations of what we had in the January guidance.
Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann:  Okay. So with the idea that, obviously with the recent unemployment increases that we maybe facing more challenging quarters up ahead are there flexibility in the guidance do you think to absorb some of that?
David King: Well, the guidance is intended to incorporate a number of scenarios, so one of the things that we have mentioned is, there a six million people drawing on employment right now in the United States, and the number of new jobless claims actually have reported this morning, the consensus is going to go up.  Our belief is that there are people who lost their jobs in the fourth quarter of last year and even into the first quarter who have some sort of severance or continuation of health benefits that at some point during the year thats going to transition to some other form of benefit, whether its a government benefit, whether its a COBRA benefit or whether its uninsured and thats going to, in our view, put some pressure on volume and also on collections. So, the guidance is intended to incorporate our view that that is a possibility going out as we get later in the year.
Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann:   Then, just a final question. Looking at your mix of volume and pricing, patient volumes down about 10%, is that simply economic related or was theres something more to that?
Brad Hayes:  Well, Jason, thats what we would speculate, that category of patient may not be coming, but again there will only speculation on our part, but there is nothing internal that we point to say something that weve done that would cause that.
David King:  I think its a little early to draw any definitive conclusions just based on one quarter. So thats something were obviously going to watch closely as we go through the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Star - Longview.
James Star - Longview: Im going to start kind of interesting in one of this recent pieces and I wanted to ask you about it. He noted that the economy is really been stressing on hospitals and he postulated that or he has been hearing that there might be a dramatic cutback in capital spending many, many hospitals which we translate to the labs and that might have an impact of course in the future on you.  Can you comment on what youre saying in this regard, I think that theory has any or much solidity?
David King:  Most of our information is similar to your information, which is there is a lot of anecdote. I do read and I certainly see and hear from colleagues and peers that hospitals are under some pressure, and its certainly been widely reported that a number of hospital systems are freezing all capital, freezing wages; some are even doing reductions in force. 
 :
 :
Operator: Your next question comes from Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.:  Good morning. A question on the core side of the business and volume, it looks like the growth picked up a little bit sequentially. Is that clearly the Easter impact or are you seeing maybe people using more benefits ahead of potential unemployment or is that not a fair trend?
Brad Hayes:  Amanda, this is Brad. I dont think its a clear trend. I think the Easter from a year-over-year in the first quarter is definitely a benefit, but to the other point that you asked about it would be hard to determine exactly if thats a driver.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Okay. Do you have any insight into how COBRA adoption is trending and do you have an idea how many people are switching to COBRA versus becoming uninsured?
Brad Hayes:  No. At this point, we dont.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: And then one more question on the volume side, it looks like the histology testing volumes ticked down a bit in the first quarter. Is this something to do with hospital-related business or pathologist insourcing testing or is there something there thats driving that?
David King: I think there are four things that are driving the pathology volumes. One is just mix shift, so higher volumes in lower priced testing, dermatopathology and also higher volumes in the technical component piece of the pathology business versus global pathology.  The second is, certainly there is a trend for physicians to be internalizing labs for pathology and that has an impact on volume. The third is, there was an issue with CMS over the Medically Unlikely Edits in the first quarter that had a revenue impact, there were some denials based on some Medically Unlikely Edits that would put in that have since been withdrawn and that will correct itself in the second quarter.  Then the last thing is, this is a very competitive market, we see a number of small competitors using practices that we feel are non-compliant and that we are not willing to use and that certainly is having an impact on our volumes. 
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Is it fair to say that you are in some of this growing esoteric business, sort of more focus on the genomic side than may be anatomic pathology or are they pretty interclient at this point?
David King: I think anatomic pathology is a very important part of our growth strategy in the esoteric market. And I think particularly as we move more and more towards the molecular testing and molecular pathology, its going to continue to remain an important part of our strategy. So they are quite early interclient. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank:  Thanks. Good morning everyone. A few things here. I just wanted to turn to your comments you have made for several quarter now about your sales efforts focusing on special essence, may be you could update us on how you see that progressing and if you could just comment on intangible benefit from redirecting your sales force that way? 
David King: I think the most obvious thing I can point you to is the continued significant growth in the esoteric business, which is outpacing the growth in the core business and its been in double digits for the last several quarters and 9% in this quarter.  Certainly the things we look at internally in terms of the types of areas of testing that are growing and the thing that you can see in the tables in terms of the amount of our price increase thats due to mix suggest that we are continuing to do a good job of targeting the specialty physicians and selling the higher value tests. So I think those are probably coupled with data points that are most apparent from what we disclosed publicly. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank:  If I can just go back to your prior response about Histology, could you may be size for us the impact of the unlikely edits that CMS was making and now whats wrong, what basically would you expect to reverse out in the subsequent quarter?
David King:  I think, given all of the uncertainty around the Medically Unlikely Edits and how long its going to take to reprocess the claims, Im just reluctant to put a number on it, but we did have a significant number of claims that were fully denied because of the imposition of these Medically Unlikely Edits that we have been told by CMS will be reprocessed in the second quarter. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank:  So there potentially could be some catch up because there is retroactivity, is that the way to think about it?
David King: Well, I would say that what you are seeing in terms of a decline in volume and price, there will be some catch up when those claims are reprocessed. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank:  Fair enough. Couple other things here with regard to your collection trends, could you just update us there on what you are seeing obviously the bad debt has been pretty stable, but can you just give us some more color on that and your upfront collection process where you think you are and getting some of that rolled out in the PSCs?
Brad Hayes:  Yes, Darren, this is Brad. We continue to work our initiatives in our patient service centers as well as our in-office lobotomist that we have in place in certain physician offices. They continue to show progress we monitor and track to a very low level of detail how we are doing there, and it continues to go well.  The other thing that Ive just pointed out is in the payer mix schedule and again, Dave its surely good draw trend, but our exposure to patient balances is at least in the first quarter lower relatively speaking than it was in the first quarter of last year, given the volume decline in the uninsured.  Then one another data point that we have talked about, we look at the third party patient responsibility after a claim has been adjudicated by a managed care plan or other payer. That relatively speaking in the first quarter is consistent with last year and the first quarter. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Thats helpful. I guess just one other thing, you did talk a little bit of your views on maintaining more excess cash in the business. I just wanted to revisit that topic a little bit. What is the right level of cash to keeping the business, given the current environment sort of first of all and second of all, I dont think just looking at the cash flow statement there was really any buyback. So maybe just share with us your views on how you do think about buyback given the substantial free cash flow well this year going forward?
Brad Hayes: Sure. From a working capital perspective, there is really a minimal amount of cash that we need to keep on hand. I think two things come to mind when we think about the current environment, one is acquisition opportunities which ties into our first use of cash. Its consistently been our first use of cash or acquisition opportunities and we continue to think that they are out there and holding cash in this environment for what we think maybe different today than it was last year at this time just due to access to the capital markets, it comes and goes.  We do have a revolving credit facility, but again the uncertainty there around capital markets may cause us to keep more for acquisitions than we would have in the past. Again acquisition has always been our first choice and as Bill mentioned, when they havent been there and we dont think they are going to occur weve done a fair amount of share repurchase in the past few years. Our views really havent changed that much on how we want to deploy our cash.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: In terms of the flavor of the acquisition opportunities you see, just one last thing here. Can you remind us where you think that the best opportunities or the hospital outreach labs. Are they enhancing product capabilities what is at this stage of the game?
David King: I think there are several categories. The first is the traditional fold-in acquisitions. We are purchasing a set of customers, consolidating facilities and gaining synergies from the acquisition. The second is the more esoteric types of acquisitions whether its in esoteric testing, whether its in genetic testing, whether its in pathology and then the third would be something that historically if we have not looked at because theyve been so pricy, but those are more what I would describe as proprietary test or technologies.  There are pricing in all aspects of those potential acquisitions has come back to earth a little from where it was last year. I think challenge continues to be, there are a lot of businesses that had great years in 2006 and 2007 and pretty bad years in 2008 in our industry and you have to decide whether these are fundamentally sound businesses that had a bad year. Whether they were businesses that just look great in 2006 and 2007 because everything else looked great and thats why we are being very deliberate and cautious about the decisions we make on the acquisition front. I just want to add to Brads comment on share repurchase. I mean, we obviously are firm believers in share repurchase. We are firm believers in the stock of our company. In the fourth quarter, we had the issue with potential conversion that caused us to stimulate some additional cash and in this quarter, obviously there was a great deal of volatility in the markets, and there was some volatility in our share price. I dont want anybody to leave the call with the impression that we dont believe in the stock or that we dont in share repurchase because we firmly believe in both of those.
Operator: Your next comes from Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: A few questions here, just want to follow-up, there was a question earlier Brad that you had answered based, someone asked why pricing wasnt higher considering that it looks like on average managed care pricing was almost 6%, the Medicare was 4.5% for the quarter.  You had mentioned something about just a mix shift, but can you just give us more details, Im trying to make sure, I was following your point there?
David King: Sure, Adam. I mean, if you look at our payer mix scheduling and lined it up quarter-over-quarter with prices and I mean year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter. I mean, you looked down the line items which I think you are alluding to, you see pretty good growth on a revenue per accession basis.  The individual lines add up to more than the total, so how can that be? If you look at the patient line, so wed lost 10% volume on an accession basis from a payer that has a very high price point that has a drag on the overall total., so I would call that a shift in payer mix thats affecting the 3.2% of our revenue per accession growth, excluding the Canadian business. 
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay. So, its just that direct patient bill piece is where you are seeing the biggest impact because the dollars are much higher?
David King:  Yes.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital:  Okay. All right. Just trying to get a sense in terms of the impact the acquisitions had on the quarter I know you guys arent breaking that out, but Im just trying to figure out what to think about. I know you did the Stanford deal and so just wanted to know which deals we should think about in terms of what was included in the numbers.
Brad Hayes:  Adam, this is Brad, and you pointed it out and when we dont break it out and there were a number of small deals last year. You mentioned one of the larger ones, Tandum was another that we did earlier last year that actually annualized during the first quarter. So again, two specific and then we havent broken in out to that level, but there wasnt anything to my knowledge worth mentioning in the first quarter that we closed. 
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital:  And then just down on the esoteric pricing side, the number was pretty robust there. I just wanted to just get a sense was that any sort of mix shift that drove that just any thoughts in terms of why esoteric pricing was so robust in the end of the quarter?
David King:  Could you let me know exactly are you looking sequentially or you are looking year-over-year?
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Yes, sure. So I just looking here, it looks like the pricing growth in the year-over-year basis was 8.3% in Q1 and that compares to about 2% increase in the fourth quarter and averaged about 2.5% to 3% in 2008, so just wanted to know why we saw the acceleration in esoteric pricing.
David King:  And Adam, may I ask you are looking at the original 8-K or the amended 8-K?
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Yes, lets see, that was from the original head-end. I havent had a chance to go back. 
David King: I think it impacts the volume growth in bigger in the amended 8-K in that category so Im not looking at it on a corrected basis, numbers that youre enquiring.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay. Well, I guess, just conceptually there, I think even making some of the changes it seen link there will still be some improvement in the pricing, so just curious if there was anything different in that business this quarter?
David King: No.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Then just my final question, I just get down to some of the cause, just wondering if you had to call at the pension cost and the benefit cost, just wanted to see if you could size those items first for the impact for the quarter?
Brad Hayes:  Adam, this is Brad again. Were not going to size them specifically, but the four that we mentioned in total get us to a flat margin and so just to review the four again weve got bad debt still a drag year-over-year. We did raise slightly in the quarter of last year but not to the extent that weve raised later in the year. We have the pension expense that weve talked about and I think you can go in and find those numbers in our filings.  The employee benefit costs, again were not going to break out specifically and then foreign exchange, but again those four items get us to flat. One other thing, I mentioned about those four items is that theyre unusual and they are occurrence for us. If we look back over the last five years, weve never had anything either in one of those categories thats come close to the impact that they are having on us this year compared to last year. So we think they are worth pointing out. 
David King: Adam, its Dave. I would say no one is disproportionate to the other lets put it that way.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Willoughby - Bank of America.
Robert Willoughby - Bank of America:  Can you just comment on the article that you saw in the New York Times, I think it was last week and just on the expansion to stay commitments to some of the DNA based forensic testing programs, Ive really seen fairly pronounced yet weve really dont hear you guys talking about it or your competitors. That mean, is its just premature there for that opportunity.
David King: I think its premature. There is a substantial increase in commitment of desire to expand DNA data basis and filling data basis. There has yet to be the substantial increase in funding and we know that there is a lot of significant backlogs and DNA testing and DNA analysis in state forensic labs, but there hasnt been a great move yet toward outsourcing that.  So at some point Bob, I think there is potential opportunity there and we continue to be happy with our forensics in our identity business, but I think its still the common in terms of when thats going to develop. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser - UBS.
Ricky Goldwasser  UBS:  Just a couple of follow-up questions, on the customer mix shift, it seems that Medicare accounts now for a greater part of your overall tie. Is there some fundamental shift in terms of customers which youre servicing or is this just a function of the better pricing which you are getting from Medicare this year?  Then, can you comment on the united relationships, do you think that some of the trend that you might be seeing on the volume side is tied to going to affect the fact that United now is a bigger part of your revenue mix and then if you could just comment on whether you are seeing any proof through from that relationship or not? Thank you. 
Brad Hayes: Ricky this is Brad, Ill address the payer mix shift. That category is a combination of government payers, and when we look beyond the total there, Medicaid is growing larger than average as apposed to Medicare. 
Ricky Goldwasser  UBS: Is that because of the better pricing?
Brad Hayes:  I dont think our Medicaid growth would have anything to do with the better pricing.
Ricky Goldwasser  UBS:  No, I mean Medicare. I thought you have heard you saying that Medicare was growing faster.
Brad Hayes:  No, Medicaid. I am sorry if that was unclear.
Ricky Goldwasser  UBS:  Is that related to the new relationship that you have or what do you think are the drives there?
Brad Hayes:  We can only speculate, but I did read an article in todays paper that Medicaid roles are growing as people lose their employer sponsored health benefit.
Ricky Goldwasser  UBS:  Okay. So you think you might see some shift in volumes. So we are going to take one bucket to the Medicaid bucket, it might be associated with lower reimbursement?
David King:  That is possible. Again, I would say based on one quarter of experience, its too early to draw any definitive conclusion. We did see an increase in Medicaid volumes this quarter, but we dont have a clear explanation for why that would have occurred or whether in fact increases in Medicaid would translate into increases in Medicaid volumes for us.  I think your second question, Ricky, had to do with the United relationship and we are very pleased with United Relationship and I think we continue to see obviously not the kind of volume growth that we saw in 2007, but we continue to see volume growth year-over-year in the United business.  I think as we continue to solidify relationships to the number of the markets like the North where there is strong United presence and where we continue to grow our presence that we are seeing better volume from United as well as better pull through. So all in all, we continue to be very happy with that relationship.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.:  How much of a factor was whether during the first quarter. It struck me that that might have impacted you in certain states? 
Brad Hayes:  Arthur, this is Brad. It did have an impact. It was about a 70 basis point drag on our revenue growth in the first quarter.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co., Inc.:  Thats helpful. Then, sort of sort of following on Rickys question on United, the transition payments end at the end of this year, is that correct?
Brad Hayes: The transition liability ends at the end of this year, because the liability ends at the end of this year, therell obviously be a true up period that goes into probably the first quarter at least next year. So, you probably see us making a final payment either in the first or second quarter of 2010 as those claims run off.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, thats helpful. Then Bill, I know you had mentioned that there is no big managed care contracts coming up for renewal this year, but as we think about 2010 I know youve had few renewals well point and of course United extends way out, whats the next big one we should be looking for and whats the timeframe of that?
William Hayes: The only major contract thats up for renewal for us in 2010 is the single contract Art. And we dont have anything, any national contract beyond that.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Is that mid-year or what sort of timing would that be, do you recall?
William Hayes: I believe its the end of 2010.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: End of 2010, okay. And then last question Dave, any thoughts on all the health care reform discussions. I know laboratory services are not really being targeted, but there are some opportunities, I suppose some risk. I just wondered if we can get a thought from you on whats your impression now it is and what you are looking forward --?
David King: Well, weve been bolt through the American Clinical Laboratory Association and ourselves individually. We have been active in Washington in the last several months, making the point that laboratories offer the best value per dollar of anything in health care. That the 2% of the spend or 3% of the spend drives about 80% of the healthcare decisions.  This administration has repeatedly stressed that its focused on prevention and screening, and wellness all of which I think, there is very little in the healthcare system other than the laboratory that is more important in the monitoring of prevention, screening and wellness. Obviously any expansion of coverage would be a benefit to us. So the kinds of programs that are being discussed that will provide expanded coverage would be helpful.  There is nothing specific proposed in the budget that would equate to a cut for labs, but obviously this is a big project that Congress is taking on, and so certainly its far too early to say how its going to turn out. I guess the biggest concern that I have is that there will be a great deal of talk and a great deal of activity around prevention screening and wellness and then at the end of the day there will be a decision that these things are all great, but were not ready to pay for them.  So part of prevent, part of improving healthcare through preventions, screening and wellness is a willingness to pay for prevention, is a willingness to pay for screening and its a willingness to pay the laboratory for helping physicians manage the patients in those aspects of their care. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group.
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group: Thanks most of my questions have been answered, but I just have two quick ones. The number of health plans, you said youre seeing pick up in volume from United Healthcare, but number of the health plans are showing, slowing growth in their membership or declining growth in some of their membership. Do you see that starting to impact overall volume for you in the second quarter, or is that kind of factored into your guidance right now? 
David King: Well, I want to say that, we are not going to talk about volume in the second quarter. Clearly as commercial plans, clearly as managed care plans or healthcare plans lose commercial membership that has an impact on overall laboratory volumes. Do you have to remember that it as much as we would like to be more, I mean we are about 9% of the total market. So were not going to be unduly affected by membership losses unless they really become extremely large, but we will be we will have our share of the impact from losses of membership.  To answer your second question, yes, the idea that we may see volume pressures as we go out later in the year is built into the guidance that weve given. 
Anthony Vendetti - Maxim Group: Lastly can you tell us any HIT type initiatives that you have or anything in that arena thats giving you a competitive advantage over the smaller clinical labs which you compete with ?
David King: Well, I think that we have a number of HIT initiatives on the way. I think the biggest one that gives us the advantage over smaller laboratories is the number of products that we offer. So a thick client product, a thin client products that are especially tailored for specialty practices. We also offer the ability to do interfaces not only into the doctors office, but also into electronic medical records, into physician lab systems if they have their own lab.  So I would say is the scope of the product offering, the breadth of what we can do in terms of in terms of interfaces and electronic exchange as we dont attempt to have a proprietary platform for our IT, so we are able to work with over 300 different vendors to be able to create interfaces and built interfaces to deliver records in information to doctors in the way that they want to see it is as opposed to in some proprietary fashion.  Then the last thing, I would say is the fact that we are a one stop provider where physicians can order all their laboratory testing whether its pathology, whether its core testing, whether its esoteric genomic through one IT system obviously as a significant advantage over labs that are not able to offer that full range. 
Operator: Your question comes from Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray. 
Bill Quirk  Piper Jaffray: Couple of questions. Understand the goal to hold bad debt flat this year, but obviously balancing that, in fact its an important metric for the longer term under obviously LabCorp 2010. So if we think about the planned improvement here guys, do we have additional metrics that we are going to be rolling out or is the expected improvement largely dependent on the economy and obviously the flow through there. 
David King: Well we have a number of things that we are doing that we have talked about previously as I think about it, Bill to reduce the number of times that we extend the credit to patients at the time that they receive services.  So one of the things we introduced this quarter is the patient discount program, which obviously has a patients get a substantially discounted price if they pay at the time of service. That obviously has an impact on our patient pricing, but it also has an impact on the collectibility when we do work for the uninsured and it takes us out of the business of extending credit to the consumer.  So we are continuing to roll out improvements and enhancements to our collection efforts, but the metric that youre going to see that in is a reduction in the bad debt rate as a percentage of revenue.
Bill Quirk  Piper Jaffray: I guess is there anything, and certainly understand appreciate the metrics or the steps you have taken thus far, obviously you are seeing result. Is there anything in particular that you want to callout in terms of what we should be thinking about for additional metrics going forward or is it little bit of stay tuned here?
David King:  We look at internal metrics very closely, how much cash did we collect during the patient encounter how many opportunities did we have, how many opportunities we missed, but those are not the kind of things that are going be public metrics. Again the public, publicly disclosed metric is going to be bad debt as a percentage of revenue.
Bill Quirk  Piper Jaffray: Okay, understood. Shifting here a little bit on the esoteric side, any test in particular that demonstrates strength in the quarter you would like to call out?
David King: Well, I think we continue to see good strong growth in vitamin D, we saw a good strong growth in the C - reactive protein in the cardiovascular arena, and KRAS was a strong positive for us in terms of esoteric testing , those are probably the part 3 that come to mind.
Bill Quirk  Piper Jaffray:  Actually thats a nice way to my last one and thats talking a little about KRAS. Relatively new test, you dont have a specific CPT code for that yet, but can you talk a little about how you guys are looking at this from an opportunity standpoint and then there is a little bit of discussion in the community over actually the best way to do this, we are sequencing arrays and obviously I would love to hear to get your opinion there. Thanks?
David King: Well. Im not going to give you my opinion on sequencing KRAS arrays because I dont know the answer to that question, so now we can take up offline if you want to do that and we can get our scientist involved in the discussion. KRAS has been widely accepted in Europe as a test for determining the appropriate treatment for early stage colorectal cancer for some time and there was a paper presented I believe at ASCO last year in the U.S. that has really driven payer adoption and physician adoption of using KRAS to determine what drug will be administered for early stage colorectal cancer.  I think KRAS is a growth opportunity in and of itself. Now there are other mutations that are already being looked at in colorectal cancer like NRAS, so everyone of these mutations they get discovered, then there are other aspects of that. There are other mutations and there are other aspects of that mutation that continue to be looked at.  So I think its a nice opportunity in itself, but I think what it points to more fundamentally is the correctness of our strategy, which is that personalized medicine is going to continue to grow. It is the laboratory medicine of the future and its why we are so focused on growing the esoteric line, continuing to role out the outcome improvement programs and continuing to develop and commercialize the companion diagnostics. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Gary Taylor  Citigroup.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup:  Hi, good morning. Just a few quick questions on the histology issue with Medicare, is there anything there thats going to lead you to change how you quote or bill for that I guess given you expect to recoup some of those dollars than just filling them?
David King:  Well, the short answer, Gary is no. I mean the Medically Unlikely Edits have really been a frustration to us because originally there was a collaborative process by which we address these with CMS and then this most recent release was really sort of imposed on us without any discussion and once we explained to CMS why these edits didnt make any sense and the impact that they would potentially have on very acutely ill patients, they made the decision to withdraw the edits.  So the short answer is, no, there isnt anything that its going to change. The more complete answer is, we continue to have concern about the process by which these types of decisions are made at CMS and we continue to talk to CMS and to the administration about a better process for making this sort of a decision. 
Gary Taylor  Citigroup:  Is it a FI issue or is it in CMS proper?
David King:  That was a CMS issue. That was not an issue with the intermediaries. 
Gary Taylor - Citigroup:  On your drug-of-abuse testing, which bucket is that come out of. Is some of that pathology because its here is that all in core testing or what is it comprised of?
David King: Its all in core. 
Gary Taylor  Citigroup: On the managed care side, you had good results obviously with large national payers and nothing coming up there soon, what about on some of the smaller contracts from the St Louis plans etcetera, some of the chatter in the market place, you know the labs are still reimbursed better on those smaller contracts than they are in some of the national contracts and maybe the pricing update there are not as good. That doesnt seem to be reflected in any of the results today, but how are you doing on some of those smaller contracts? 
David King: Im very happy with how we are doing on -- I dont want to insult anybody by saying some contracts are smaller, some contracts are larger. Some of the State Blues plans are quite large and influential plans, but I would say generally we are very pleased with where we are in terms of overall pricing and obviously its one of our focus areas for this year is to maintain the integrity of our pricing. We continue to be, as Ive mentioned and I think everybody around the industry mentions, we continue to be the best value for the healthcare dollar that can find. 
Gary Taylor  Citigroup: I want to go to just the patient care bucket for a second and you addressed a couple of questions on this, but I think Im being a slow student today, so I just want to ask a follow-up to make sure I understand whats happening and I dont have the amended 8-K either, but if you look at just total number of sessions and the patient responsibility bucket is down about 10% year-over-year. Is that primarily being driven by just less uninsured showing up that you are physician partners or is that because of something thats actually happening with better screening at the patient service centers or both? 
David King: Gary, its very difficult to say, but I do want to make sure that they we are clear. That is for us the uninsured bucket, the patient responsibility for managed care stays in the managed care lines. So what you see there is the uninsured, the source of that decline or the cause of that decline is really something thats hard to get at. 
Gary Taylor  Citigroup: So you cant tell which channel its coming though, whether its coming through docs or versus the patient service centers?
David King:  We havent broken it down that for yet. 
Gary Taylor  Citigroup:  Then on the price procession of bucket, the 157 versus the 165 year-over-year, I guess this is what you are talking about the mix, but I am kind of missing whats happening there. Presumably there is still some gross rate increases on your fee schedule, but this is coming down because why --?
Bill Hayes:  Well, we dont typically raise this price, so the majority of the decrease that you see there is related to what Dave mentioned earlier. We implemented in the first quarter a discount for those patients who come through the channel of our patient service center or through our in-office lobotomist on a certain list of our test. So thats a real drag in the price, but I want to be clear on the payer mix impact, thats more driven by the volume decline than the price decline. 
Gary Taylor  Citigroup:  My last would be, I think you kind of answered this when you talk earlier about some of the way youve analyzed the AR, but if we go to the co-pay deductible piece thats reported in your managed care revenue mix, that number is stable year-over-year you havent seen acceleration in co-pay deductible versus prior year?
Bill Hayes:  Thats correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: 
 :
Brad Hayes:  Shelly, this is Brad. We dont measure that specifically about the payer bucket for this schedule, but we saw a slight up tick, nothing significant.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs:  I think a follow-up to Garys question. I mean, what I was going to ask and I think this has sort of been addressed, what are you seeing overall from an industry perspective on physician office visit, maybe in the impact of how deductible health plans industry-wide and my question here is how important is your ability to take market share? How important has market share been and being able to put up these pretty good volume growth numbers?
David King:  Well, physician office visits really depends on the way you talk to, I mean you talk to some positions you said it seen a dramatic decrease you talked other position just say its relatively stable. Again I think its a bit early to draw any definitive conclusions there just because of the number of unemployed that were added to the rows in the fourth quarter and even into this quarter.  So how important is market share? Obviously market share is very important, we have to be taking market share to be able to grow volumes in this environment and were growing faster than others in the industry. So that means, in my view, we are gaining market share and what I think is important, because youre going to be asking this question is, we are not gaining market share by taking low profit or low margin business.  If you look at the year-over-year margins and you adjust for the items that Brad talked about, we are continuing to acquire business at the same margins that we have acquired in the past. So thats also the good for us.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And thats fantastic. Thanks for the color. I just wanted to clarify, do the Canadian JV have any impact on the mix that you are reporting or are that I think it is 7.4%, is that comparable to the 9% that you have asked during the first quarter?
David King: Thats comparable. We put the Canadian business at the bottom of those schedules, so that weve entered into the payer mix or the specialty mix schedules.
Operator: Your final question comes from Charles Rhyee - Oppenheimer.
Charles Rhyee - Oppenheimer: Thanks for taking my question. Ill also be quick, just really a follow-up on a couple of earlier question and it gets to sort of outlook here on volumes. With the subsidies for COBRA is that any way for you as you are moving through this year to be able to track people as they shift may be from one insurance to taking from an employer provided to going over to COBRA or are you able to track an increase in people using COBRA, is that something you can see at all?
David King: I dont think so. The only way that we really know when a patient changes status is, they give us different insurance card and that would be very difficult to track at the level of individual patients. I just dont think its realistic to think that we will be able to see that particularly because my understanding of COBRA is you continue to have the same insurance card that you previously had, its paid differently.
Charles Rhyee - Oppenheimer: Okay. So from your standpoint you are just seeing that insurance card, so it will be difficult for you to know at all?
David King: Right. I mean, we would know if somebody previously had a commercial insurance card and they came in with Medicaid that we could see, but we cant see they went from commercial plan to a COBRA plan administered by the same commercial company.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes Q-&-A portion of presentation. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David King.
David King:  Thank you very much. We appreciate your listening to our call this morning. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-12 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer Bill Bonello - Investor Relations William B. Hayes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: David Claire - Piper Jaffray Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities, LLC Ralph Giccobbe - Credit-Suisse Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co., Inc. Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co. Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities, LLC Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Year End 2008 Laboratory Corporation of America Earnings Conference Call. My name is Becky and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. David King, Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed.
David P. King: Thank you, Becky. Good morning and welcome to LabCorp's 2008 fourth quarter and year end conference call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer and Bill Bonello, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning we will discuss our fourth quarter and year end 2008 results, highlight our strategic priorities and growth drivers and provide the answers to several frequently ask questions. I now would like to turn the call over to Bill Bonello, who has few comments before we begin.
Bill Bonello: Before we begin I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via telephone and internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning the company filed an 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analyst and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additional we refer you today's press release, which is available on our website for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed during today's call to GAAP. I would also like to point that any forward-looking statements made during this conference call are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various important factors that could affect the company's financial results. These factors are set forth in detail in our 2007 10-K and subsequent fillings. Now, Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Bill. By now you should have had a chance to review our fourth quarter and year-end financial results. On today's call, I'll discuss four key measures of our financial performance; Cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. First, cash flow: Our cash flow trends remain excellent. Free cash flow for the year increased 10.1% to $624.2 million, net of $42.3 million in transition payments to UnitedHealthcare, compared to $567.1 in 2007. We're also pleased with our collection efforts in the second half of the year. Cash collections were strong in the quarter as evidenced by an improvement in DSO. DSO at the end of December was 51 days, an improvement of 2 days from the end of September. Our bad debt rate was stable at 5.3%. For 2009 we expect operating cash flow, excluding any transition payments made to UnitedHealthcare to be approximately $800 million. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $130 million. The company estimates that it will contribute approximately $56 million to its defined benefit retirement plan during 2009, based upon the underlying value of planned assets at December 31, 2008. This contribution is greater than our previous estimate of $22 million as of the end of the third quarter of 2008, which was based on the underlying value of the plan assets as of September 30, 2008. Second, revenue growth: During the quarter we achieved strong volume growth and continued mix shift to higher value tests. The revenue, volume and price growth that we will discuses excludes the impact from consolidation of our Ontario, Canada joint venture and the special charge which is described in our press release. Revenue increased 6.2% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Volume increased 3% year-over-year, despite a substantial decline in our drugs-of-abuse testing business. Volume growth remains strong in our esoteric segment, where volume increased 13.5% year-over-year. Drugs-of-abuse testing volume declined by 15.9% year-over-year in the fourth quarter of 2008, with a significant deterioration in the months of November and December. This decline reduced total U.S. volume growth by a 140 basis points. Revenue per accession increased 3.2% year-over-year. The growth in revenue per accession increased sequentially due to mix shift and through rate increases realized during the quarter. Our 2009, guidance is for revenue growth of 2 to 4%. We expect that 2009 could be a challenging year for volume growth, given the economic environment. On the other hand our pricing outlook is positive. We are pleased to have price increases from both Medicare and several large managed care payers in 2009. Third, margin: For the fourth quarter our adjusted EBITDA margin was 23.6%. The consolidation of our Canadian joint venture effective January 1, 2008 had the effect of reducing our adjusted EBITDA margin by 130 basis points year-over-year. Excluding the impact of that consolidation, our adjusted EBITDA margin was 24.9% and declined approximately 80 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to an increase in bad debt expense. Nevertheless, we continue to lead the industry in EBITDA margin. We expect that 2009 could be a difficult year for margin expansion, given our expectations for relatively low volume growth, increased pension expense, and the impact of the Canadian exchange rate. Looking beyond 2009, we're focused on increasing automation and efficiency in our labs which should enable greater margin expansion in the years to come. Fourth, liquidity: We remain well capitalized. At the end of December, the company had cash of $219.7 million and approximately $300 million available under its revolving line of credit. At the end of December, total debt was $1.7 billion, including $70 million drawn on our revolving credit facility. Net debt to trailing EBITDA was 1.3 times. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Brad. I would like to highlight some of the initiatives that we are pursuing to drive growth in 2009 and beyond. As Brad noted we expect 2009 to be a challenging year in terms of volume growth. Therefore, our most important priorities for this year are to gain new customers, maintain pricing, and control costs. Furthermore we see opportunities to accelerate revenue growth through continued leadership in personalized medicine. So we will remain focused on growing our esoteric testing platform, expanding our outcome improvement programs and developing and commercializing companion diagnostics. We are also optimistic about our ability to reduce fixed cost through facility rationalization and introducing robotics to automate front-end solutions. Let me discus what we are doing to gain new customers, maintain pricing and control costs. On the volume front we are continuing our efforts to target specialty physicians as referral patterns maybe less sensitive to the economy. Our ability to grow volume by 3.0% in the fourth quarter, despite steep declines in drugs-of-abuse testing is testament to the success of this strategy. On the pricing front, we are receiving rate increases from both Medicare and large commercial payers. We are also rigorously reviewing our pricing structure to ensure that we are being appropriately paid for more complex and higher value tests. On the cost front, we are working aggressively to reduce expenses without compromising quality or growth. For instance, we are revisiting all of our leases in an attempt to renegotiate better pricing, given the commercial real estate environment. Similarly we are undertaking a vigorous supply chain review to identify additional supply cost savings. We are also keeping a tight lid on discretionary costs such as consulting and travel. All of these efforts will be balanced against the spending that is necessary to accommodate our continued volume growth. I would also like to spend a few minutes discussing some of the initiatives that we are pursuing to lay the foundation for future revenue growth and margin expansion. On the revenue front our objective is to continue to be the leading provider of personalized diagnostic medicine. We have three strategies that will move you us towards that goal; continued growth in esoteric testing, expansion of outcome improvement programs and development and commercialization of companion diagnostics. With regard to growth in esoteric testing, it's worth reiterating that we saw 13.5% year-over-year volume growth in the quarter. Our goal is to increase esoteric testing to 40% of our revenue in the next three to five years. We will continue to introduce new esoteric tests to respond to scientific discoveries, to improve patient care and outcomes and to satisfy unmet medical needs. We will also continue our important collaborations with academic institutions such as Duke University and Yale University to help us in identifying and commercializing new and innovative tests. We continue to expand our outcome improvement programs. Our Litholink program for kidney stone management has been extremely well received and we're seeing double-digit revenue growth, widespread acceptance from payers and premium reimbursement. We have introduced in selected markets a unique outcome improvement program for chronic kidney disease, CKD. Deterioration in kidney function generally takes place over a number of years. However with proper treatment, disease progression and the significant morbidity, mortality and expense associated with CKD can be greatly reduced. We have received an enthusiastic response to the program from physicians, payers, and employers. Looking forward, we believe that the CKD program will be the gateway to other outcome improvement programs, which we are already developing. We are also focused on developing and commercializing companion diagnostics. To this end we continue to invest in our growing clinical trials division. Tandem Labs, which focuses on preclinical analytic work for pharmaceutical companies and is a leader in biomarker discovery has grown rapidly, as pharmaceutical companies seek markers to access drug safety and efficacy during the preclinical stage of drug development. We are also seeing strong growth from the rest of our clinical trials business, as we work with pharmaceutical companies to develop diagnostic tests that will be use by physicians to identify whether a drug is safe and effective for a specific individual. On the margin front, overtime we believe there is an opportunity to reduce our fixed cost base through automation and capacity rationalization. We are beginning to rollout robotics to automate the front-end processing for HPV testing. We are also in the process of developing robotics to automate other pre-analytical processes. In summary, we remain very excited about the growth opportunities that lie ahead and continue to believe that we are well positioned to capitalize on it. Now Bill Bonello will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Bill Bonello: Thank you, Dave. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? In the fourth quarter and year-to-date, approximately 35% of our revenues were in genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. Our goal over the next three to five years is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 40% of revenue. What are your plans for uses of free cash flow during 2009? We remain committed to returning value to our shareholders; first, by using our free cash flow to grow our business through strategic acquisitions and licensing agreements and second, through continuing our approved share repurchase program. However, given the economic environment we may choose to retain a higher than normal cash balance throughout the year. The acquisition market remains attractive with a number of opportunities to strengthen our scientific capabilities, grow our Esoteric testing franchise and increase our presence in key geographic areas. Historically, we have been a consistent buyer of own shares. During 2008, the company repurchased $330.4 million worth of stock representing approximately 4.6 million shares. Approximately $95.4 million of repurchase authorization remained under our approved share repurchase plan at the end of the quarter. Can you remind us of how drugs-of-abuse volume trended during the year? In the quarter our drugs-of-abuse volume declined 15.9% year-over-year. This compares to a decline of 10.3% in the third quarter, 7.9% in the second quarter and 4.4% in the first quarter. What is the status of your transition payments to UnitedHealthcare? In the quarter the company was billed $5.3 million in transition payments and paid $12.5 million in transition payments. Can you give us an update on the status of your other managed care contracts? We have no national contracts up for renewal in 2009. In addition, we are pleased to announce that we have extended our contract with WellPoint through mid 2013. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King: Thank you, Bill. In summary, we are pleased with our robust top-line growth in this challenging environment. We will work aggressively to gain new customers, maintain price and manage costs. Looking forward, we see great opportunities to accelerate revenue growth through continued leadership in personalized medicine. Thank you very much for listening. We are not ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of David Clair of Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
David Claire - Piper Jaffray: Hey, guys. Dave Claire, here for Bill. Congratulations.
David King: Thank you.
David Claire - Piper Jaffray: I was just hoping you could give us some color on pricing in Canada. Looks like we saw another sequential decline there.
William Hayes: That is a... this is Brad Hayes Dave. That's a contract with the government. So it is basically like a capitated arrangement, so to speak. And volumes have increased a little there in terms of utilization. So that has some downward pressure on the price. It's not a negotiated price decrease if you will.
David Claire - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Great and given the...
William Hayes: Dave, one other thing. Also the exchange rate in the fourth quarter is going to have a negative impact on that metric as well.
David Claire - Piper Jaffray: Okay, thank you. And then, given the vitamin-D testing issues experienced by your primary competitor. Just hoping you could give us some color on how that business is going for LabCorp. Do you think you guys are gaining some share as a result of that?
David King: It's Dave, Dave. I would just comment that, we use the Dia-Stron (ph) method for vitamin D which is the FDA cleared and approved method. And I think overtime, our decision to continue to use that method will pay us benefits in terms of the appropriateness and validity of our testing results. And beyond that I really don't think it's appropriate to comment.
David Claire - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then, just a quick question on the tax treaty benefit. Is that something we can expect to continue in 2009?
William Hayes: David, again, this is Brad. It has a little impact on 2009, but most of the positive benefit that we recorded in the fourth quarter is for prior years. So, little bit of positives impact going forward, but certainly not to the extent that you saw in the fourth quarter.
David Claire - Piper Jaffray: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby of Bank of America. Please proceed.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities, LLC: Thanks. First, I think I'd say that I didn't think that Bill Bonello could speak anymore on a conference call. But I think you proved me wrong. But, welcome aboard, Bill.
David King: Now you say, Bob. It's Dave, Bob. Now he is already waiting again (ph) to speak first every time.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities, LLC: Well I'm always last in the queue. What have you modeled for substance abuse here going forward and maybe kind of as part of that question, Dave can you speak to kind what tangible changes you've made to ensure that the forecasting here is more spot on?
David King: The guidance we give is intended to incorporate what we perceive as the most likely range of foreseeable outcomes. And so, it's hard for us to break apart each of the individual component. So if you ask us, how are you modeling drugs-of-abuse or how you are modeling unemployment or how you are modeling various aspects of the economy? What I would say is, we look at the some of the parts to come up with the guidance as opposed to trying to slice and dice each part individually. But the drugs-of-abuse testing, obviously from what we have told you declined pretty dramatically in the fourth quarter and we're certainly not forecasting that we're going to see any improvement in that for the balance for the year. So, in terms of what we've done to improve overall forecasting, and we're continually working to improve our overall forecasting capabilities. I will say that the pace of the economic change between the beginning of November of 2008 and even up until yesterday is something that I don't think anybody has ever seen before. And the volatility in markets and the volatility generally in healthcare is something that we haven't seen before. So we're continuing to refine our forecasting capabilities and also to... as I made reference to manage the business very closely on a day-to-day basis, particularly in terms of seeking new customers, in terms of controlling our expenses. So that we end up delivering results within the range that we've set out.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities, LLC: Well, Dave do you think you have challenges in terms of your ability to access information on a timely basis. I mean I agree with you the obvious economy issues are really an issue for all of us. But is there something at LabCorp that structurally prohibits you from giving the information as soon as you need?
David King: No, I think we have very good access to real time information about our business. I think what we don't have is same thing that no body else has which is the ability to see what is going to happen in the overall environment. So, last summer gas prices were $4 now they are $1.80. And we don't have any ability to see where they are going to go between now and end of the year. And that gas prices affect consumer confidence, they affect consumer spending, they affect the amount of discretionary income that consumers have. We also don't have the ability to see, are people going to go to the doctor or they not going go to the doctor? We know that hospitals are reporting that discretionary and elective procedures are down. We don't know how that affects the physician office. So there is... we have very good access to real-time information about what's going in on in our business. What we don't have is, any better than anybody else, information about how the economy is going to perform or what it's going to mean to the consumer.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities, LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giccobbe of Credit-Suisse. Please proceed.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit-Suisse: Great, thanks. I guess is there any acquisitions in that 6.2% top line number and if so what was the contribution?
William Hayes: Ralph, this is Brad. There are acquisitions that have impacted our growth rate all year. We don't break that out separately because the nature of the acquisitions we have done have been more on a small basis and not something that we needed to callout. So they are definitely a contributor as they have been in the past. And it's just not something that we breakout.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit-Suisse: Okay. But we shouldn't think of it as significant to that 6.2 we should think that 6.2 is roughly organic, is that the way you will consider that number?
William Hayes: No, I think it does... it obviously has some impact of acquisitions.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit-Suisse: Okay, that's fine. And then again just going back, just so I understand, I guess I'm still a little confused around sort of the disconnect between 4Q where we surely saw a considerable deceleration from your comments in November, December, your ability to still post 6% top-line number. And the disconnect between the sort of 2 to 4% revenue guidance for next year, does that... I mean is it fair to say that it assumes a much further weakening from where you saw trends in November and December? And is it something you're seeing in January that's worsening even from the November, December time frame?
David King: Ralph, it's Dave. We're not going to talk about January. What it assumes is that there will be... there will be continuing impact on volume from economic conditions. Remember in the first quarter deductibles reset for consumers most of which were used up by the fourth quarter. So there is a greater likelihood that people are going to the physician and the lab when they are through their deductibles. In my view it is when the new year starts and their deductibles fully reset... and also I would observe that, if you remember, last year in the first half, volume growth was relatively slow. We were annualized in the impact of the lost of the Aetna contract...
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit-Suisse: Right.
David King: That gave us... third quarter and fourth quarter look better by year-over-year comparison because in 2007 the Aetna contract had... we had lost the Aetna contract in the third quarter and fourth quarter. So we were starting off a lower volume base. So if we look at the whole year, trying to be realistic about where we think the expectation is for volume growth.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit-Suisse: Okay. And then just sort of shift to LabCorp 2010 cost initiatives, I think in the past you said that you accepted savings of at least, $100 million net as we exited 2010. I guess, first is that still the long-term goal. And then second, I think you've also estimated that first year savings in kind of $30 million range and is that still the case for this year?
David King: I think the long-term goal is still a 100 million in annualized cost savings. It does assume that we will be able to get some bad-debt improvement in 2010. And that if we don't get the bad-debt improvement than the numbers is going to be less than 100 million. But our goal is still the 100 million in savings. In terms of the 2009 expectations, I think its going to be less than what we originally guided to which was 35 million. And couple of reasons; one is, we're not going to get a bad debt... we're not forecasting that we're going to get a bad-debt reduction in 2009 as we originally thought we would. And some of it is just timing of the execution of the some these initiatives. But our goal remains exiting 2010 with a 100 million in annualized cost savings through facility rationalization, greater automation in the laboratories, improvements in IT and technology and some reduction in bad debt.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit-Suisse: Okay. Great. Thank you.
David King: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line Adam Feinstein of Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Hey, thank you. Good morning everyone. Just maybe, you'd mentioned, Bill you mentioned something about the WellPoint contract. We're just curios if you could just provide some more details? So you said you extended that to 2013. As I recall, you had several different markets where you had contracts with them. So, is this for the entire booked business or only certain pieces of it? Could you just give us a little bit more clarity there?
Bill Bonello: Yes. The contract was originally was to expire in mid 2010. So, we've now agreed on an extension to the middle of 2013. We're very pleased about the terms of the renewal and without going into a lot of detail. It renews our status as WellPoint's sole national strategic partner and it also extends our status as the sole national provider in all states where we are currently the sole national provider. Beyond that, I think it's in the best interest of us and our shareholders and of our managed care customers that we now talk about details of the contract.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Sure. Okay, all right, understood, All right. And then, just maybe... just, when I talk about the esoteric testing side of the business. Clearly, that's where most of the volume growth is coming from. Just, I wanted to get some more thoughts in terms of what's your feedback you are hearing. These tests obviously cost more. So with all the concern about the economy, I guess, I've just been a little bit surprise, how strong the esoteric testing has been. I just want to get any comments as you think about that?
David King: I think part of it is that the esoteric testing tends to be less discretionary, so there is anatomic pathology, there is our high-end endocrinology testing that we do through Endocrine Sciences, that's for patients with chronic disease or who are being treated by endocrinologist; rheumatology, specialized testing with rheumatology for people who are being treated by... in that specialty area. So, yes there tends to be more expense associated with esoteric testing. But there also tends to be I think a less discretionary component. And that... we are going to continue to focus on that strategy of sell-to-specialties where the testing tends to be less discretionary, as opposed to things like drugs-of-abuse where we know that gaining volume is going to be extremely tough. I also should comment that vitamin D is a significant driver of esoteric growth, HPV is a significant driver of esoteric growth. Those are tests that are in terms of overall pricing... we don't think of them as high priced test. And so there is a lot of growth in the esoteric line that is not add but is not far above our average company PPA.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay great. And just one more question here. I appreciate the details. Just then, on the bad debt side I just wanted to get an update there and you had made some comments there earlier, Dave above may be expectations, or you won't get the same improvement in 2009, that you guys were thinking several months ago. But just, my question just deals with that you guys took the charge back after the second quarter. Just curious as you have revisited process around that debt, you've talked about lot of initiatives back then, just wondered again in terms of how some of those initiatives are going and in any anecdotes that you can may be give us is terms of managing through that the bad debt issue?
William Hayes: Hey Adam this is Brad.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Hey, Brad.
William Hayes: I will give you an update on the initiatives. I mean we continue work then very diligently and we are pleased with our success through the first half... or the second half of the year I should say of 2008 but we need to keep going there. I mean we're fully rolled out for the tools in our patient service centers. So we are monitoring how we're doing towards goals there and there is still improvement that we can make, both in collecting cash from the uninsured as well as collecting cash from those patients who we've seen before, who show up in our patient service centers with an outstanding balance from the past transaction. We've also rolled out credit card capture where even for those patients who are insured, we are asking for a credit card swipe, in case there is a balance due on that bill after the third party adjudicates it. We've rolled out our patient discount program for certain tests for patients who pay at the time of service in our patient service centers. So, all the tools are there inside of our patient service centers. Again we monitor their performance on a very frequent basis and try to train and retrain to improve there and again there is room for improvement there. We are also paying them (ph) incentive on the collection activities. The next phase is our employees who are senior physician officers, we call them in-office provider or IOPs. In a very early stages of roll out there. And one of the things that's going to enable us to pick up some steam in the first quarter on those initiatives is the fact that we have to change one of our systems that they use to enable them to access the tools, and that system change becomes effective in February. So that opens up an entire new population of LabCorp employees that we can use for collection efforts. So again, total patients that we see through those two channels are roughly 40% of our volume. The other 60% we continue to work very hard in reviewing are ordering accounts that send us work that ends up becoming patient bad debt specifically. And work through options to improve the outcomes there, through either directing those patients to our patients' service centers, switching those accounts to physician bill or doctor office bill and having then collect from the patient where they charge in the client, while doctor pays us. And reviewing accounts for overall profitability if none of those things work and we have walked away from business as a result of those reviews. So those are the three big things that we continue to work towards. And again just given the overall economic environment and the situation in bad debt I'm pleased with our second half, but we need to press on because there is opportunity to do better.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Arthur Henderson of Jefferies & Co. Please proceed.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning. Couple of questions. On the revenue growth expectations of 2 to 4%, I know you had talked about some better pricing on some of your contracts. Brad, could you break that down just in terms of what your expectations are on price in that number?
William Hayes: Art, we really just give total revenue guidance and we don't typically provide the volume and price components of that guidance.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co., Inc.: Okay.
William Hayes: But I do believe that we'll be more mix and revenue per acquisition will obviously for the points that you raised be significant contributors.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co., Inc.: Okay, okay, that's fair. And then Dave or Brad I'll just toss this up to you, either one of you. I know that Bill was commenting the uses of your free cash flow and you talked about growth opportunities. With the growth that you are experiencing in the esoteric side, I mean is that an area that you are looking for more acquisitions or bigger acquisitions or what is your focus now just in terms of what you want to do from an acquisition perspective?
David King: Art, it's Dave.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co., Inc.: Hi, Dave.
David King: How you doing?
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co., Inc.: Good.
David King: I think the focus will continue to be where it has been in terms of acquisitions, which if first, we are always interested in expanding our esoteric portfolio. We're interested in both laboratories and also tests or technologies that can help us bring more esoteric testing to market. Than the second thing that we would look for in terms of acquisitions is, core acquisitions that would enhance our geographic positioning, that would bring us either new customer opportunities or new infrastructure in markets where we historically have had less infrastructure. But clearly, we're pleased with what we've accomplished in the esoteric testing area and that would be the first thing we would look for as we allocate dollars towards acquisitions this year.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co., Inc.: And, does the economic environment and your sort of interest in maybe holding on to some more cash, I mean does that maybe discourage you from doing what you would normally do, I guess is the best way to ask it.
David King: I would say, in terms of acquisitions no. I am not telling you anything you don't know and saying there are not a lot of big deals out there to be done. And so, I think we're going to be strategic about the deals that we decide to do and about... and we're going to be responsible about what we pay for them. But I don't think that the desire to potentially have a little bigger cash position is going to prevent us from doing things that we want to do.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's fair. One last question and I'll jump back in the queue. Obviously, you did get some better reimbursement from Medicare and some of you payers, but as you look down the road, 2010 and beyond, given the economic environment and pressures on different sorts of payers, what's your outlook, given all that's kind of happened in terms of reimbursement, a little bit longer term than this year? I think that, when you look at the value that comes from clinical laboratory testing and you look at the average cost of an encounter with a laboratory, particularly the national laboratories as opposed to encounters with other providers in the healthcare system. I continue to think that we are a tremendous bargain for the healthcare system. We're 3% of the spend, we influence 80% of the decisions that are made in healthcare, the average encounter... our average encounter cost is somewhere in the range of between 40 and $50. It's for me to see how anybody could get more value out of an encounter with the healthcare system than patients get and payers get out of laboratory testing. So, our view is, we'll be firm on pricing. We're not looking to gauge anybody, but we are going to be firm on pricing, we don't think we should be taking price reductions. And we're going to try in collaboration with the Federal government and with our manage care payers, and with our clients to maintain price integrity.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you very much.
David King: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from line of Amanda Murphy of William Blair. Please proceed.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to dig into esoteric testing a little further. It was like sequentially there was a nice uptake in growth. Is there something in the fourth quarter that specifically drove that? And then, I know you are not giving guidance and throughput volumes, but how should we think about that in this year?
David King: I think... I don't think there was anything in particular in the fourth quarter that drove with other than the continuation and maybe continuing to come to fruition of the strategy that we talked about, that we started back in February, March of really focusing our sales effort on physicians who are ordering less discretionary testing. We did continue to have strong improvement in some esoteric test, as I mentioned, vitamin D, HPV, K-ras some others that we're starting to see some momentum with. In terms of... and I think Amanda that, if I'm remembering the numbers right, esoteric testing sequentially was up about 9.5% in the third quarter, about 13.5 in the fourth quarter. So we're seeing nice sequential growth as a result of our sales strategy and as a result of continuing to bring new esoteric testing offerings to the market. Our goal is to continue to see esoteric testing growth be stronger than growth in the core business; remember the core business is a little bit... it's a little bit under represented because the decline in drugs-of-abuse testing which pulls down the core actors in the course, it pull downs the core volumes. But our goal is and our expectation is in 2009 that we're going to continue to see this growth in esoteric testing and fruition of our targeted marketing and sales effort toward physicians who are ordering less discretionary testing.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Okay. And then also on the core business, it looks like pricing was up as well. Is that primarily the United contract escalators or is there something out there that drove that?
William Hayes: Amanda, this is Brad. I think that is a definitely a driver. Another driver, as Dave mentioned is the volume in the drugs-of-abuse testing is down. So...
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Right.
William Hayes: That's going to also raise that core price from the loss of that lower priced business.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Okay, one last question on the Medicare revenue adjustment. Could you just provide some background on that, and maybe which segment it was in and is that a fourth quarter event or is something that's going to be continuing?
David King: Amanda, it's Dave. Just because of the nature of it, we are not going to provide a lot of detail. It occurred over a period of about five years, it came to us from a company that we acquired. So, it is not a fourth quarter event in itself, and it's something that as part of our periodic reviews. We identified and self reported to Medicare and simply recognized what we think is the amount by which we were over paid over that five year time span.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question come the line of Ricky Goldwasser of UBS. Please proceed.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities, LLC: Good morning.
David King: Good morning.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities, LLC: Can you talk a little bit about, now obviously, historically you had extend... exposure to regions with direct physician billing. And, if you can give us a little bit more color on what you are seeing with your interaction direct with the physicians, are you seeing more pushback and if physicians are looking for more discount? At a time that volumes are actually slowing down which could have an impact on your margins. And then also that historically you used to introduce the price increase to the physicians and patients around the fourth quarter. Did you do it this year and if so, how, what was the feedback?
William Hayes: Ricky this is Brad. First of all we don't typically do a price increase to our patient line. So I think what you're referring to is the typical direct-to-physician and another client billing, where we do have an annual process where we go in and adjust prices. And that has continued to take place and continues to take place. As Dave mentioned in his comments earlier, pricing is something that we're very focused on and getting appropriate pricing is something from that payer population as well, that we're focused on. I will say the experience in '08 was no different than in '07 in terms of how that's received and applied and what ends up actually happening in that process. And again, it's always been a fairly competitive in that market, it continues to be... I don't think it's anymore or less competitive than in the past. I hope that answers your question?
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities, LLC: Well, I guess when you say it's not different, I guess the right question is, were you able to raise prices on your physician and direct clients? And then second of all, its... and I guess it's under the same kind of line; are you seeing more pushback from physicians who are coming back to you and saying listen our volumes are down, we need to get greater discounts from you?
William Hayes: Yes we were... yes we were able to receive increases. And no, we haven't seen push backs any different that we've seen in the past.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities, LLC: Okay. And in terms of the slowdown in volumes, are you seeing it being more pronounced in one geography over the other?
David King: Well, I am not sure about the premise of the slowdown in volumes. So what I would say is, in terms of overall economic impact we haven't seen any geographic differentiation, in terms of the things that we look at. So in the fourth quarter we didn't... to answer the question the way that I think is an appropriate way to answer it. If you think about fourth quarter volume improving by about 3%, we didn't see 8% one place and negative 5% someplace else. We saw generally consistent behavior around the country, similarly with collections, yes, similarly with all of the metrics that we monitor.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities, LLC: So when the way... and the way you should... that we should think about your '09 guidance and if volumes did, the volume assumptions embedded into the '09 guidance. Is that also consistent across geographies or do you expect some geographies to come under more relative pressure than others?
David King: Again when we give guidance, our guidance is an aggregate of everything that we think is likely to happen and attempts to encompass a broad range of outcomes. So, we don't and I think it would be very difficult to model, but it's going to be worse here or better here. I mean what we do is we look at what our expectations are across the country and that's the... those are the expectations that get rolled into the guidance.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Shelley Gnall of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you. Quick question, I am wondering if you've had a look at the impact on the industry from either of the corporate subsidy program, which was proposed by Congress or SCHIP expansion. And whether any of that upside is embedded in your guidance?
David King: I think when we give guidance, we attempt to give a broad range of outcomes. And so it's very difficult to try to slice and dice the guidance by particular assumptions within a very large number of moving parts. I don't think that SCHIP expansion, which is largely children's health program's had a major impact on us. I mean, I don't have the number of the top of my head but the pediatric component of the laboratory industry doesn't... particularly within the Medicaid population doesn't move the needle on that a lot for us. And with respect to the COBRA issue, I'm not sure, how the expansion of COBRA would impact us obviously, capping the number of uninsured patients and giving them some access to health insurance would be a positive for us. It not clear to me, how that's going to be paid for because typically within COBRA, although the employee or the former employees pays the premium, the former employer is responsible for the actual medical costs and so there could be a fairly significant amount of push back if the former employers, if people think that they are going to have a tremendous amount of increased medical costs as a result of expansion of COBRA. So I think it's too early to tell what the impact of that would be, other than clearly more patients having some sort of insurance coverage is better for our industry than fewer patients having insurance.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great thank you. And then, just a quick follow-up on a comment that was made earlier on fuel expense. As we look at fuel cost from here I think the likelihood is that gas prices could probably rise, rather than fall from this level. So could you update us of your views on hedging strategies, maybe what other elements of your operating cost could be hedged, and your thoughts on using hedges in this environment?
David King: Our fuel expense, Shelley is not big enough to mirror (ph) hedging strategies and the concern about hedging strategies if you look at the airlines, is that a lot of them lost a lot of money on the hedges that they made last summer. So to us the potential downside of hedging a component of expense that is not that great for us in the total expense base is probably greater than the upside.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks.
David King: And then I guess I would say in terms of other expenses there is not anything really in our expense line that's big enough to employ hedging strategies.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great, understood. Thanks.
Operator: And your next comes from the line of David MacDonald of SunTrust. Please proceed.
David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Good morning guys. Hi, guys just wanted to try to drill down on the drugs-of-abuse a touch more. It sounded like it got uglier during the quarter. And so, when we look at 16% is it fair, I mean looking at 10/3 (ph) in Q3 is it fair to think about coming into the quarter or actually more importantly exiting the quarter closure to a down 20% year-over-year number in December? Is that pretty close to what we should think about as we head into 2009?
David King: I think it's not really wise of us to try to breakout, things like volume month-by-month, Dave, I am not trying to be...
David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Dave, is it fair to say, December was noticeably worse than October?
David King: It absolutely got worse through the quarter and it got worse in November and December as we have said. And, I don't think as we think about 2009 that our expectation is that it's going to get better.
David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Perhaps, if you look at... if you just kind do the math, I mean 140 basis point drag in the fourth quarter, and if you look at the compares year-over-year we should think about it being probably in the neighborhood of a 1% drag in 2009, is that fair?
David King: Again, I would reiterate that, the guidance that we give incorporates a broad range of outcomes and within that guidance there are a large number of moving parts. So, I think it would be unwise of us to start trying to breakdown the moving parts. Obviously, you can make assumptions in your thinking about what the drugs-of-abuse drag going to be. I going to limit myself to the comment that, it did get worse in November and December, it clearly got worse sequentially throughout 2008. And we don't think its going to get better in 2009.
David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good morning everyone. I have three questions. The first one just relates to a lot of the discussion you've made around automation and some of the initiatives you have in the lab. And I guess my question is at a high level, what productivity measures would you focus us on as you continue to roll out some of these automation and productivity initiatives.
David King: I think the productivity measures that we would look at are things like total personal expense in the pre-analytical process compared to volume. We would think about things like supply costs per test as compared to increases in volume. So, the whole idea of automation is that we will be able to reduce the amount of labor and that we will also be able to reduce the amount of things like short-runs and supply wastes and repeated runs. So those are couple of the metrics I think that would probably be the things that we would think about. The things that you would see it in, are improvement in probably the most obvious place you would see it is improvement in gross margin. And, that would be the goal of... because that, within the cost of good sold is the laboratory labor and the laboratory supply expense.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Great. And, I know you've consolidated some locations. Can you just update us on the plan over the next couple of years with regard to lab facility consolidation? Is there any more labs there?
David King: We are continuing to look at rationalization of facilities. We think there are still some opportunities, and as we firm up which opportunities we're going to take advantage of and in what we'll give you further information on that.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. My other question is on Medicaid and I know that, that's a relatively small portion of your mix. But obviously, lots of new dollars floating in to Medicaid and SCHIP expansion. Could you just talk a little bit about your Medicaid economics and rate structure and maybe just give us a sense for what the Medicaid business looks like right now?
David King: Medicaid pays off a fees schedule like Medicare. And so, the rate structure is largely determined by the individual states and what fee schedules they pay from. We don't break-out the profitability of specific business within our mix. And so I can't really comment on that. In terms of the state of the Medicaid business, state governments are under a tremendous amount pressure. And periodically state governments announce that they're cutting Medicaid reimbursement for all players, we are not immune to that. Periodically state governments announce that they have run out of money to pay for Medicaid this year and so they're going to defer payment until next year, we're not immune to that. I don't think we're any differently positioned from any other provider in terms of where we are with Medicaid. And obviously, we do our best to serve that population and to make our services accessible to that population, just as we do for all other populations.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: All right okay. And then the last question here just as it relates to the WellPoint contract extension. How many intervals would you be able to get upgrade... updates during that time-frame, I guess it goes out to 2013 you said?
David King: Yeah, other than the comments that I made to in response to Adam's question and other than reiterating that we're very pleased with the terms of the contractual extension, we're not going to talk in any more detail about the contract terms.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay I tried. Thanks again.
David King: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question is a follow-up question from the line of Robert Willoughby of Bank of America. Please proceed.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities, LLC: Hey Dave or Brad, are some of the fiscal difficulties the states are experiencing, you commented I think briefly on Medicaid but are there any issues in terms of reimbursement challenges for fraternity (ph), forensic, any of the other areas that the states are involved with.
David King: Bob, it's Dave. Not that I'm aware of. Those generally tend to be couple of things, particularly for the fraternity and that... for the fraternity testing those tend to be contracted arrangements with the states. And there, again my understanding there are various state and federal initiatives around collection and payment of support that really make it extremely important that the states maintain fraternity testing. So they just don't stop it. In terms of forensics, I think we're actually seeing states that are quite far behind on forensic testing, trying to outsource some of it just because of staffing challenges that they are having and making it difficult to keep with the volume of forensic testing and the need to move there cases through the criminal justice system. So I am not aware that we have seen anything on that and obviously it's something that we'll look at but we haven't seen anything to date that I know about.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities, LLC: No, receivables challenge, what so ever?
David King: No.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities, LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back to you gentlemen for closing remarks.
David King: Thank you very much. We appreciate your listening to our call today.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Lindblom - Sr. VP, Investor and Media Relations David P. King - President and CEO William B. Hayes - EVP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co. Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse William Quick - Piper Jaffray Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann Kemp Dolliver - Cowen and Company Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co. Gary Taylor - Citigroup Dawn Brock - JPMorgan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2008 Laboratory Corporation of America Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sandy and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of todays conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays conference, Mr. David King, CEO. Please proceed.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Sandy. Good morning everyone, and welcome to LabCorps 2008 third quarter conference call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Doddson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Eric Lindblom, Senior Vice President, Investor and Media Relations. Brad Smith is unable to be with us today, due to a special company project. As you know, Brad and Dr. Myla Lai-Goldman recently announced that they will retire at the end of 2008 to spend more time with their families and pursue other interests. Myla and Brad have been stalwarts at LabCorp and its predecessors for 19 and 27 years respectively, and Brad has served with distinction for the last two years as Vice Chairman of the Board. During her tenure, Myla has been largely responsible for establishing and maintaining LabCorps position as the industry leader in science and innovation. She has been on the cutting edge of medical, clinical and technological developments in everything from infectious disease and cancer, and has helped us implement and execute our successful esoteric testing strategy. We will all miss her forward-looking leadership and commitment to LabCorp. During his tenure, Brad has played a critical role in helping the company achieve success in ways too numerous to mention. We will all miss Brads judgment, leadership, positive attitude and unflagging loyalty to the company. On a personal note, Brad brought me to LabCorp in 2001, and has helped me immeasurably in assuming my current role through his support and through his work with our shareholders and the analysts who cover our company. Im grateful to him for that, as well as for his trusted counsel and advice, and I will miss him greatly. This morning we will provide a review of our third quarter and year to date 2008 results, and then talk about growth drivers and how we intend to capitalize on them. Later in the call we will review guidance for the remainder of 2008, give preliminary guidance for 2009 and cover a few anticipated questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Eric Lindblom, who has a few comments before we begin.
Eric Lindblom - Senior Vice President, Investor and Media Relations: Before we begin, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and internet. Please refer to todays press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed an 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website, and also... and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to todays press release for a reconciliation of EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial information discussed during in this call. I would also like to point out that any forward-looking statements made during this conference call are based upon current expectations, and are subject to change based upon various important factors that could affect the companys financial results. These factors are set forth in detail in our 2007 10-K and subsequent filings. Now Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William B. Hayes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thank you, Eric. Our third quarter results are as follows. Net sales increased 11.2% to $1,135.1 million. Compared to the third quarter of 2007, testing volume measured by accessions increased 10.6% and price increased 0.6%. Excluding the consolidation of our Ontario, Canada joint venture revenue increased 5.4%, with volume increasing 3.1% and price increasing 2.3%. 1.6 percentage points of the increase was due to the extra day in the quarter. Weather in the quarter negatively impacted volume by 0.7 percentage points. Adjusted for these two items revenue grew approximately 4.5%, with volume increasing 2.2%. Before restructuring and other special charges recorded in the third quarter of 2008 and 2007, earnings per diluted share increased to $1.10 versus $1.07 in the third quarter of 2007. The $1.10 is net of lost accession volume as a result of weather in the quarter, without which we would have reported $1.13. During the quarter, we recorded pretax restructuring and other special charges of $17.7 million, primarily related to work force reductions and the closing of redundant and under-performing facilities. EBITDA was $265.8 million or 23.4% of net sales. Operating cash flow for the quarter increased 49% to $194.4 million, net of $8.4 million in transition payments to United Healthcare, compared to $130.4 million in the third quarter of 2007. In the quarter, the company was billed $12.3 million in transition payments. The $12.3 million billed represents the vast majority of claims activity through June 2008. DSO at the end of September was 53 days, an improvement of one day, and our bad debt rate was stable at 5.3%. Cash collections were strong in the quarter, and we continue to make progress on our initiatives to move the collection process closer to the front end. At the end of September, the company had cash of $49.4 million and $70.8 million in outstanding borrowings under our revolving line of credit. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $41.5 million. During the quarter the company repurchased $263.9 million worth of stock, representing approximately 3.7 million shares. Approximately $95.4 million of repurchased authorization remained under our approved share repurchase plan at the end of the quarter. Our year to date results, are as follows. Net sales increased 10.6% to $3,386.1 million. Compared to the first nine months of 2007, testing volume measured by accessions increased 9.4% and price increased 1.2%. Excluding the consolidation of our Ontario, Canada joint venture revenue increased by 4.3%, with volume increasing 2% and price increasing 2.3%. Before restructuring and other special charges recorded through the end of September 2008 and 2007, earnings per diluted share increased 11.1% to $3.48 versus $3.13 in 2007. The $3.48 we reported is net of lost accession volume as a result of weather in the third quarter, without which we would have reported $3.51. EBITDA increased to $852.4 million or 25.2% of net sales, compared to $812.6 million or 26.5% of net sales in 2007. Operating cash flow for the first nine months increased 21% to $565.6 million, net of $29.9 million in transition payments to United Healthcare, compared to $469.3 million in 2007. Since the beginning of the United Healthcare agreement, we have paid $65.6 million in transition costs and have been billed $69.3 million. During the first nine months of 2008, the company repurchased $330.4 million worth of stock representing approximately 4.6 million shares. I will now turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Brad. We are pleased that we delivered strong results this quarter in a challenging environment. We saw solid revenue growth coming from, both volume and price, very strong operating cash flow and great progress in our actions related to bad debt. Our strategy of focusing selling efforts on wellness testing and on physicians whose patients care is less discretionary paid off, as esoteric testing volume grew 8.4% in the quarter. Our margins through nine months, excluding the consolidation of our Canadian joint venture, increased 20 basis points in spite of the headwind from bad debt. Operating cash flow increased 49% in the quarter to $194.4 million, and year to date has increased by 21% to $565.6 million. Our operating cash flow per share for the first nine months of the year is $5, an increase of 31% compared to last years $3.82 per share. We continue to lead the industry in free cash flow yield and free cash flow per share. Im also pleased that during the quarter we stabilized our bad debt rate at 5.3%, improved our DSO to 53 days and continued to make progress on moving the collection process to the front end. Now lets talk about why the lab industry and LabCorp are fundamentally sound and poised for continued growth. First is the ongoing expansion of our managed care partnerships. We are pleased that volume has grown year-over-year for all of our major plants including United, Wellpoint, Horizon and Signa. We are encouraged by current conversations with all of our partners about enhancing our relationships, helping improve patient outcomes, and helping reduce treatment costs through better use of laboratory medicine. Second is consolidation. Although our strong revenue growth this quarter is fundamentally organic, acquisitions remain an important part of our strategy. We continue to evaluate acquisition opportunities, and see our liquidity in the current market as an opportunity to make strategic acquisitions at appropriate prices. We see three additional growth drivers, all tied to our strategy of leadership in personalized medicine. Many of you have heard me say I believe healthcare will always be physician-centric, but that increasingly patients will expect and require treatment based on their specific personal characteristics, including their genetic makeup. The next 10 years will see the evolution of the clinical laboratory from a provider of numbers to a provider of diagnostic intelligence, and LabCorp will lead that transformation. The three drivers that will move us forward for personalized medicine are esoteric testing, our outcome improvement programs, and companion diagnostics. I already mentioned our 8.4% volume growth in esoteric testing in this quarter. Our goal is to increase esoteric testing to 40% of our revenues in the next three to five years. In fact, this quarter alone esoteric testing as a percentage of revenue increased 50 basis points over last quarter, an impressive statistic considering this growth was all organic. We will continue to introduce new esoteric tests to respond to scientific discoveries, such as the importance of the K-ras gene for colorectal cancer drug selection, to improve patient care and outcomes and to satisfy unmet medical needs. We will also continue our important collaborations with academic institutions such as Yale and Duke to help us in identifying and commercializing new and innovative tests. Our outcome improvement programs from our Litholink division are the second growth driver. The Litholink program for kidney stone management has been extremely well received, and we are seeing double-digit revenue growth, uniform acceptance from payers and premium reimbursement. This quarter, Litholink began offering our unique outcome-improvement program for chronic kidney disease, or CKD. An estimated 26 million adults in the United States have CKD. It is the 9th leading cause of death in the United States, and is estimated to cost the healthcare system in excess of $37 billion per year. The kidneys perform many functions to keep the blood clean and chemically balanced. Most kidney diseases cause the kidneys gradually to lose their filtering capacity. Often the deterioration in kidney function takes place over a number of years, during which the patient will have laboratory values within the accepted normal range yet be losing significant kidney function. The major comorbidities of CKD are diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. Litholinks CKD program focuses on identification of patients who have reduced or deteriorating kidney function. Through collaboration with local nephrology groups, we focus on educating primary care physicians about the importance of identifying CKD through laboratory testing of EGFR, albumin, parathyroid hormone and other accepted measures of kidney function. Our sophisticated report, developed based on input from an international panel of CKD experts, guides the physician on how to use appropriate medication, dietary modifications and procedures to slow the process of the disease and prevent further damage to the kidneys. The response to our CKD program has been enthusiastic among physicians. Several nephrology groups are actively assisting us in outreach to primary care physicians so that we can identify patients with diminished kidney function and help treat them appropriately. The payer response has likewise been positive. In fact, one of our managed care partners has assigned internal resources to assist us in physician and patient recruitment. Furthermore, the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008 instructed CMS to establish demonstration projects to improve the treatment of CKD in the Medicare population. We are working to have our CKD outcome improvement program qualified for this important CMS and Medicare demonstration project. Our final growth driver is companion diagnostics. Our clinical trial division continues to help pharmaceutical companies develop diagnostic tests that provide guidance on administering the proper dose of the proper drug to the proper patient at the proper time. Our tandem division is a leader in biomarker discovery, and is seeing strong growth year-over-year as pharmaceutical companies seek markers to assess drug safety and efficacy. Additionally, drug repositioning has emerged as a corporate strategy, with companies such as ARCA Biopharma and Vanda Pharmaceuticals focused on in-licensing existing compounds that have not performed well in broad trials, then developing tests to target patient populations in whom the drugs are effective. We have entered into relationships with both of these companies to develop companion diagnostics, and are excited about these and other opportunities in this rapidly-growing field. Finally, we continue to be excited about our collaboration with Medco on both Tamoxifen and Warfarin. A significant number of employers who secure their pharmacy benefit management from Medco have enrolled in this innovative program, which provides specific lab testing to assess the safety and efficacy of these drugs prior to dispensing them to patients. In summary, we remain very excited about the growth opportunities that lie ahead, and continue to believe that we are well positioned to capitalize on them. Now I would like to update our guidance for 2008. Excluding restructuring and other special charges and share repurchase activity after September 30th, 2008. We are reaffirming our prior full-year diluted earnings per share guidance of between $4.57 and $4.61. This guidance is negatively impacted by an estimated $0.03 per diluted share, due to revenue loss as a result of hurricanes in the third quarter. We expect revenue growth of approximately 11%, EBITDA margins of approximately 25%, operating cash flow of approximately $750 million to $770 million excluding any transition payments to United Healthcare, capital expenditures of approximately $140 million to $160 million, and net interest of approximately $70 million. For 2009, our preliminary guidance is revenue growth of 3.5% to 5.5%, and diluted earnings per share in the range of $5 to $5.25. As always, we will give updated guidance on our fourth quarter call. Now Eric Lindblom will review anticipated questions, and our specific answers to those questions.
Eric Lindblom - Senior Vice President, Investor and Media Relations: Thank you, Dave. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? In the quarter and year-to-date, approximately 35% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. Our goal over the next three to five years is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 40% of revenue. How were collections in the third quarter, and what do you see for the future? Our bad debt rate in the quarter was stable at 5.3%, and our DSO improved to 53 days, both good signs. Overall our actions related to improving collections are progressing well. What are you plans for uses of free cash flow during the remainder of 2008? We remain committed to returning value to our shareholders, first by using our free cash flow to grow our business through strategic acquisitions and licensing agreement, and second, through continuing our approved share repurchase program. The acquisition market remains attractive, with a number of opportunities to strengthen our scientific capabilities, grow our esoteric testing franchise, and increase our presence in key geographic areas. As Brad stated earlier, we repurchased $263.9 million in stock during the quarter and had $95.4 million in share repurchase authorization remaining at the end of the quarter. What is your current approach to share repurchase? Our philosophy has not changed. We continue to see share repurchase as an important tool in enhancing shareholder value. Do you expect any impact from the financial markets? We believe our demonstrated ability to generate strong cash from operations, combined with our revolving credit facility, will provide ample liquidity in these uncertain times. Our bank facility is in place through October of 2012, and is made up of a large number of banks. With the exception of the revolving line of credit, we are not exposed to the recent volatility in short-term borrowing rates. We continue to monitor the credit market and assess any impact that changes may have on our company. What is the status of OvaSure? At the request of the FDA, we are voluntarily discontinuing the offering of OvaSure effective October 24th, 2008. Please refer to our 8-K filing of Monday, October 20th, for more information. What impact did the drugs-of-abuse testing have on your business? In the quarter, our drugs-of-abuse business saw volumes decline year-over-year by 10.3%. This was greater than the second quarter, where we saw a 7.9% decline. This decline negatively impacted revenue in the quarter by 40 basis points and volume by 110 basis points. On a year to date basis revenue has been negatively impacted by 30 basis points and volume 70 basis points. What is your view of the M&A market? The M&A market is very attractive. We believe that a combination of factors has caused many lab owners to explore their options. We remain committed to our discipline of making strategic acquisitions at appropriate valuations. Now I would like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Eric. In summary, we had a solid third quarter in a challenging environment. For the reasons discussed earlier, we believe that our future is promising. We see terrific opportunities for revenues growth, and these, along with disciplined cost control, will continue to drive shareholder value. Thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to answer any questions you may have. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein of Barclays Capital.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
William B. Hayes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Good morning.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Just had a few questions here. Maybe just starting with volumes. Just curious to get your thoughts in terms of what the biggest change relative to the second quarter... you spoke about the extra business day, but even backing that out it is still better than what we would have thought. I guess curious to get your thoughts in terms of how you compare Q3 relative to Q2 on the volume front? And then a couple follow-up questions.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think a couple things happened. One, as you remember, we annualized the loss of Aetna in the beginning of Q3, so that provided some volume improvement. Second, as I mentioned I think going back to our first quarter call, when we began to see impact on volume, we began re-deploying our sales force and focusing very heavily on wellness testing and also on physician specialties that we felt the patients would have less discretion in coming to see the doctor. So areas like cancer, endocrinology, rheumatology and I think what you are seeing in this quarter, is that those efforts have been productive, and we are very pleased obviously with the volume improvement.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay. Good. And just maybe with respect to UNH just curious there, any update on the Sierra business? Just curious in terms of pricing escalators I believe you had for that contract that would kick-in over time? Just curious if we will start to see that in the Q4?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I dont have any update on the Sierra business at this point. We did have a price increase that took effect on October 1st. So we will see some positive price impact from that United increase in Q4.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay. Great. And then just generally speaking in terms of pricing, it seems like the outlook is definitely better than it was a year... this time last year, and just curious to get your thoughts in terms of managed care contracting in a general... obviously last year was a very big year. It seems like things are very stable now. Just curious to get any updates in terms of what you guys are hearing, and as you look it up a year... look forward to future rate increases.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would agree with your characterization, Adam, that pricing is relatively stable, and I would say for the most part we have now lapsed at the end of this quarter the pricing impact of last years reductions. So thats positive. Also positive, we are contractually going to receive escalators from a couple of the contracts that we renegotiated at the beginning of 2009. So... and in our continuing discussions with managed care, we are cautiously optimistic as we talk about further contract extensions beyond what we have already implemented. We are cautiously optimistic we are not going to see the kind of pricing reset that we saw in 2007. So generally I would agree with the comment that pricing seems to have stabilized, and we should see some real price improvement in 2009.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay. Great. Just one final question and I will get back into the queue. I appreciate all the detail there. I know you guys simply dont comment on monthly data, but just due to the fact that this past month has been an abnormal environment, and just we are hearing about slowdown in pretty much every part of the economy. Just curious in terms of whether things have been normal for you guys so far in the first month of the new quarter or if things have changed? And to the extent you I cant comment, I totally understand but wanted to throw that out there.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I really dont feel comfortable about commenting about fourth quarter volumes at this point, so Im going to defer that until our fourth quarter call.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay. I understand. Thank you very much. Good quarter.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Art Henderson of Jefferies & Co. Please proceed.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Hi. Good morning, and thanks for taking the question. The gross margins this quarter were a bit lighter than what we had expected and I was wondering if that partially might be due to the hurricane, but wanted to get your take on that?
William B. Hayes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Hi, Art. This is Brad. Absolutely the hurricanes we estimate had about a 40 basis point impact... negative impact on that margin.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Was there anything else that might have pressed that down a bit more?
William B. Hayes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Embedded in our margin guidance for the full year was a... we went over this quite a bit after the second quarter call, was a second lower than the first half in terms of our margins. And that would be pretty much all the way down the line from gross margin to EBITDA. So it is something we expected it to be down by. I think it is a little... besides the weather lower than we expected, due generally to rising costs and nothing specific, but across our cost base. As we have mentioned a number of times, the impact of fuel which is not individually significant, but we think in the third quarter some of those costs... some of the transportation costs showed up in other lines. The good news is, at least for now, that the price at the pump has moderated and even going down, so we hope to see that benefit in the future. But yes, a little lower than we thought and for the reasons that I have just mentioned.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. Thats helpful. And then Dave, could you give us an update on the LabCorp 2010 initiative?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the 2010 initiative, basically as we mentioned in our earlier calls, is a comprehensive plan to drive service quality and operational improvements, and to optimize our growth platform. To date, everything in the 2010 plan is on track with the exception, I would say, of part of the 2010 plan focused on initiatives that would allow us to reduce bad debt in 2009. And realistically I think we have to recognize that bad debt reduction in 2009 is not likely if the economy continues in the current environment. We did recently announce that we will be closing our Herndon, Virginia laboratory by the end of the year, and that closing and the transfer of all the associated business should be completed by the end of the first quarter.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. All right. Thats helpful. One last question, then I will jump back in the queue. I was looking at the histology revenue. It looked like it was down a bit. I was wondering, could you give us an update on what is going on in that part of your business?
William B. Hayes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes. Art, this is Brad. If you look at the first and second quarters, that business was down quite a bit, so actually we saw the third quarter as quite an improvement in the trend there. And we believe the anniversary of the Aetna loss is what helped it come back up to near even, as opposed to mid single-digit losses in the previous two quarters.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. Thats very helpful, thanks. Very nice quarter.
William B. Hayes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby of Banc of America Securities. Please proceed.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities: Thank you. Dave, can you give us an update on the deal activity specifically in the quarter? I know you said they are immaterial in the grander scheme of things, but can you give number transactions, potential spend in the aggregate, and maybe anecdotally of something about the assets that youve brought on board? And then maybe just lastly anything kind of, since the quarter, since that seems to be a focus?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, the biggest acquisition that we did in the quarter was the Stanford Outreach Program. And the second substantial acquisition that we did in the quarter was PathNet, which is a womens health-focused laboratory in southern California. We think both of those will be terrific acquisitions for us. Stanford because of the patient service center infrastructure, and giving us a foundation for further growth in Northern California and PathNet because of the womens health focus and the enhancement that will provide to our already robust womens health offering. We did a couple other small acquisitions, Bob, nothing that really is material, and we generally dont comment on what we pay for acquisitions, other than to say we think the valuations were very reasonable. We have had every expectation that we will be able to get those businesses to our margins in a short amount of time. I dont think there is anything since the end of the quarter to report, although we continue to look at several opportunities.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities: And the guidance for next year probably reflects zero acquisitions, is that correct?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Bob there is always a little bit of acquisition activity built into the revenue guidance, but it does not assume any significant acquisition. I think what we usually say is that we assume somewhere in the $50 million range for acquisitions, but again, not... we dont assume anything big in the guidance.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Just the balance between the share repurchases and deal spending going forward, deals are clearly going to take precedence?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And just looking at the guidance range you guys have thrown out from an EPS standpoint, $5 to $5.25, could you just remind me the top two or three variables there that seems quite broad?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: It is broad, and I think the major variable is going to be the performance of the economy and the volumes. We feel pretty good about pricing. Obviously we are expecting an increase from the government on January the 1st, and we dont have any reason to think we wont get that increase. We dont consider that to be a moving piece, but dealing with the government is never an absolute certainty. But the biggest determinants of where we will be in that range are going to be volumes, our bad debt experience, and what happens in terms of the overall cost structure, as Brad mentioned. I mean, we are seeing some inflationary pressure across all the lines.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And just lastly, any update on the lung cancer assay, is that on track or are you guys thinking of a different approach to launch that one with what has happened with OvaSure?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: It is on track, and we dont see the experience with OvaSure as changing anything fundamentally in the way that we look at test development and test launching.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities: Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David MacDonald of SunTrust. Please proceed.
David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Good morning, guys. In your comments you talked about growth across all your major managed care payers. I was wondering are you seeing any increased appetite by the payers in general to move out of network business, in network, you know an opportunity for yourself and really quest to pick up some share there? I mean is there any appetite increased from that out of the big payers?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would say there is increased focus on it. I think it has always been something that managed care has wanted to do. I think there has been increased focus on it among our managed care partners. On the other hand, I would say managed care has had a lot on its plate this year, so increased focus has not necessarily led to increased activity. But in general, we do see a strong desire from our managed care partners to move out of network business into a network. And even to move in network business to higher-cost providers to lower-cost providers.
David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: But you know, nothing earth shattering in terms of over the last couple of quarters relative to what you were seeing, say, a year ago?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Nothing earth shattering, I would agree.
David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Okay. On the bad debt on some of the initiatives, can you guys give us a sense of where we are in that process? I mean maybe what percentage of your locations you now got the capabilities in place to collect up front, do credit cards, whatever? Where are we in that process relative to where you hope to be?
William B. Hayes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Hi, Dave, this is Brad. I would say we are in the mid-to-high 90s in terms of where the tools are rolled out, and we are seeing increasing compliance with work flow and procedure. So we are really in terms of tool development, with few exceptions, we have the tools. It is execution of the tools that we are now focusing on. But every metric that I look at, and I get them pretty regularly on the compliance rates, is headed in the right direction. And again, one of the things that we think helps with that is the incentive plan that we talked about in the past of rewarding that behavior with additional pay.
David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giccobbe with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse: Is it fair to say, I guess when I look at next years topline guidance, sort of the midpoint, the 4.5%, sort of assumes steady state from the trends we saw in 3Q?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I would agree with that.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse: Then, just in terms of the Canadian JV, it just looks like there was negative pricing pressure there. Volume is a little bit better. Can you just talk about the pricing side, what is going on there, and how we should think about that going forward?
William B. Hayes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Ralph, this is Brad. Thats a government contract that is in the renegotiation phase, and within that contract there are bonuses and negotiations of rate changes based on volume. And I know there was a little bit of a dip from the first quarter compared to the first half, but we are working through that and expect to be made whole there, so I dont think it is anything that is out of the ordinary. It is just the first time you have probably seen it as we have consolidated.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay.
William B. Hayes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Although we have had a little bit of impact in the exchange rate through the quarter, not as much because I think when I looked at that, it was later in the quarter that it really started to turn on us, and we are looking at that as we budget for next year as well.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then in terms of the LabCorp 2010, is the $35 million number still fair as an assumption for 2009, given what you said sort of on the bad debt side? One, and then two, if it is, does it assume some type of volume growth or underlying growth of the business, or is that just straight-up cost savings that is sort of not dependent on anything?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: The number is cost savings that is not dependent on volume growth. And I would agree with you that out of that $35 million, the taking out what we forecast for bad debt improvement will reduce that number. The exact amount is a little bit unclear because many of these initiatives that... such as the kiosks, have some bad debt reduction built into them. So we will... again, when we update guidance, we will give you greater clarity on exactly what the savings we expect from 2010 are.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. Any, I mean... thats fair. Any estimation or anything you could put out now in terms of just what bad debt was as a piece of that $35 million all-in, granted that you will be able to take some out?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Im just not prepared to do it at this point again. We have to look at all the factors that we planned on for next year in the 2010 plan, and figure out what are we realistically going to achieve against the original $35 million number.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bill Quick of Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
William Quick - Piper Jaffray: Thank you. Good morning.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
William Quick - Piper Jaffray: First question, anything in particular to call out in terms of strengths in the portfolio of assets, such as vitamin D and HPV for example, or perhaps something else you want to call out?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Vitamin D continues to be a major driver of growth. As you probably know, our... our vitamin D we run on the DiaSorin platform. It is the gold standard for vitamin D, very accurate and very scalable, and so we think thats going to be a continued driver of growth. I dont have anything else that really stands out, Bill, in terms of volume growth. We just saw nice growth pretty much across the whole esoteric portfolio. And as Brad Hayes already mentioned, we saw a rebound in the histology business from what we were seeing in the first half.
William Quick - Piper Jaffray: All right. Very good. Then second question for me, last question for me actually, is concerning your involvement in whole genome analysis and high density arrays. Can you just give us an update on the segment? I seem to recall that you guys are processing this for one of the providers. And then also just talk a little more forward-thinking here just in terms of the opportunities around sequencing as the cost of this obviously has declined dramatically over the past couple years and I think most expectations are for this to continue.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think, as we have said, we are doing sequencing for two of the... what I would describe as the direct-to-consumer genetic testing providers, and we think the opportunity is great not only because of. As we previously mentioned, the importance of genetics... genetics [ph] and genetic sequencing to our personalized medicine strategy. But also, because it provides us the opportunity to evaluate instruments and chips and arrays in a terrific setting, where we are seeing good specimen flow. So we continue to see this as a nice and important compliment to our personalized medicine strategy. And in terms of the longer term, with the cost of sequencing coming down, you probably saw that one of the providers we work with dramatically reduced the cost of their offering, I believe, within this quarter. And so I think that we are going to continue to see growth here. I also think that as we become more adroit and adept at figuring out what genes to look at on these arrays, it is going to offer a really significant opportunity to improve both the expense and the accuracy of healthcare. So, for example, now, if you think about pre-natal screening, the physician has to figure out based on genealogy, family history and some other things, what testing should the physician should screen for. What shouldnt be screened for, what a payer is likely to pay for? If you think about doing that kind of pre-natal screening based on a chip that would just look at the... I will makeup a number... the 25 most common pre-natal diseases... the 50 most common pre-natal diseases that are driven by genetics. You can see that we could offer a broader array at a very, very attractive price that would provide more information and take some of the hypothesis and some of the built-in inaccuracy out of an area like pre-natal screening. So we think of this as a... it is a growing area, and we are pleased to be working with the two largest providers and helping to move this forward.
William Quick - Piper Jaffray: Very good. Thank you, and congrats on the quarter.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci of Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Thanks for all the color. Just a few follow-ups and maybe one or two others. You mentioned earlier the October 1 price increase. Was that United specifically or was that sort of across-the-book more broadly?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: That was United specifically. I think we also mentioned that we... we have mentioned that we received a price increase from Wellpoint in certain markets in September, so that will also be reflected in the 4Q.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And then you had mentioned a few of the drivers of the sequential improvement in volume, the un-annualization [ph] and the re-deployment of sales force. You did a couple of acquisitions, so is there a little something there, too, that would probably help a little sequentially?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I dont think so, Tom, because we had acquisitions last year in the third quarter. So I think net-net we didnt see any major impact that would account for year-over-year volume increases.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Okay, good. And then on the hurricane impact, it seems like if you sort of do the back of the envelope, it hurt revenues by around $7 million, but I guess the 40 basis points on the margin that Brad mentioned is probably somewhere around $5 million. Thats a pretty big margin. Is that just the natural leverage of the business, or was there something to the mix of testing that you lost that maybe is a factor as well?
William B. Hayes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Tom, we think about that when we lose that volume, I mean the costs dont change throughout most of the infrastructure. So what we take off to estimate the profit impact or the true variable cost of bad debt and supplies. So thats the way we think about it. Again, the other costs would not change, and if we had those accessions, they would have roughly a 20% totally variable costs on them and the rest would be lost profit.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Got you. Thanks. So thats really, again, the natural leverage of the business, I guess there?
William B. Hayes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: And then the last one, here you mentioned new tests being obviously an important piece of the equation in the future. You sort of mentioned OvaSure, voluntarily taking that off the market for now. We have read the letter. There is clearly a disagreement of interpretation there between you and the FDA. How do you sort of see the FDA involvement in the future? Is this a sign of things to come? Do you think OvaSure is sort of a one-off experience? Can you just sort of talk about maybe the outlook there more generally?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. And I dont want to try to do legal analysis of the various positions on the call. What I would say is as I read the letter Tom, the FDA believes that this is a medical device and that it gives them regulatory jurisdiction. We believe it is a laboratory-developed test, which FDA has traditionally exercised discretion not to assert jurisdiction over. So I think there is just a fundamental disagreement about what OvaSure is. And obviously if you have read the letter you know that we disagree with the FDAs position. You also know that FDA has asked us to withdraw the test from the market and that we have done that. And we are continuing to pursue discussions with the FDA regarding when we can return the test to the market in a way that the FDA finds acceptable. I would reiterate we think OvaSure is valuable for high-risk women. There is no current screening test for ovarian cancer. There are more than 21,000 new cases of ovarian cancer every year, and more than 15,000 women die of it. And at the early stage the five-year survival rate is over 90%, but we only catch about 20% of the cases at the early stage. Later discovered ovarian cancer, the five-year survival rate is less than 30%. So we still think the data regarding OvaSure for high-risk women is sound and robust, and we want to convince the FDA that we can return the test to market in a way that they find acceptable. Now, with that rather lengthy introduction, I would say no, we dont see this as a change in the FDAs regulatory philosophy. We do view it more as a one-off response to a particular test offering and to a particular data that they have some questions about, rather than an overall philosophical change in their view of laboratory testing.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jason Gurda of Leerink Swann. Please proceed.
Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann: Good morning. Thank you.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann: Are you guys... do you have any sense for regional variances in the economic impact on volumes that you are seeing, if it is significant?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I dont think we have seen anything significant in volumes by region. We look at volumes every day, and I certainly havent seen anything that tells me that... other than the impact of the hurricanes obviously... that there has been anything regionally significant here.
Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann: Okay. And Dave, I was wondering if you had an opinion on how maybe the tighter credit environment would impact maybe the hospitals industry, either their interest in either expanding their hospital outreach programs or maybe using them as a source of cash and selling them? I know it is early. I was just curious if you had a view at this point.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: It is early. I guess what I would say is we have seen a number of hospital outreach programs that are for sale, which suggests to me that some hospitals are wanting to monetize their outreach programs. And again, we will continue to look at that market and see... assess whether valuations are reasonable, given the opportunities and given what other opportunities there are. So it is certainly possible. As you know, a number of hospitals have undertaken large capital initiatives and construction projects, and it is certainly possible that monetizing the labs would be something that they would consider to offset some of the credit market impact.
Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann: Okay. And just a minor follow-up question. In your guidance for 2008, what earnings per share number are you using for the first three quarters? I want to confirm that.
William B. Hayes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: 348.
Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann: Okay, thank you.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kemp Dolliver of Cowen and Company. Please proceed.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen and Company: Thanks, and good morning. With regard to 2009 and bad debt, what I guess visibility do you have on, say, plan design changes for next year, and you did mention you dont think you will see bad debt improvement next year. What type of increase do you think is likely then?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I didnt say we would see an increase in bad debt, and we dont typically guide on bad debt. But I think, given the economic environment we are in, that a reduction in bad debt is unlikely. In terms of plan design at the moment, we are not seeing anything other than what you read anecdotally in the trade press and in newspapers and other publications. Suggesting that there are more employers who are going to be raising employee premiums and deductibles and that there will probably be more employers who are increasing co-pays. But we are not seeing it directly but I am sure that will be part of the environment next year.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen and Company: Thats super. And with the Herndon consolidation, what is, I guess quickly, the background on that? Where will those volumes go? How are you maintaining service levels, et cetera?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Most of the Herndon volume will either go to Raritan or here to Burlington, which are two of our larger laboratories, and we actually think that as the Louisville consolidation that we did at the end of last year. We actually think that turnaround times and service levels will probably improve because the specimens will be... although there will be longer transportation time in some cases. They will be run in laboratories that are higher throughput and greater efficiency. So the background is, you know, we have a major laboratory in Raritan. We have various day laboratories in the area, and then we have a major laboratory in Burlington that by aircraft is less than an hour away from Herndon. And it just doesnt make sense for us to continue to have a full service laboratory at that location.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen and Company: Thats great. Thank you.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thank you. It is Shelley Gnall on for Matt Borsch. Im just trying to understand your availability of cash. Can I just confirm that I understood correctly, the Stanford Outreach and the PathNet acquisitions occurred during the third quarter?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: And it sounds like you have availability on your term loan of about $400 million?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: On our revolver.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: On your revolver, Im sorry.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: And you would need to subtract out what we have drawn down. So the way that works is it a $500 million revolver. We have at any point in time about $100 million of letters of credit outstanding against it, and we have about $70 million outstanding of cash borrowings against it. So you are really down closer to the $330 million available from the revolver right now.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. And then I am just wondering if you have to hold or restrict any cash for the converts, the zero coupon converts?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are not required to hold any cash related to that.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. Thanks very much. Thats it for our questions.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy of William Blair. Please proceed.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Good morning. I just had a follow-up on Adams question on utilization trends. Could you talk about the trends through the third quarter perhaps? Were they stable, did they get worse or better as you progressed through the quarter?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Through the quarter? I would say we always see seasonality in July and August because of vacations, school is out. We always see improvement in September because summer vacations are over, and after Labor Day we typically see a pickup. So we saw... so obviously if you looked at it month-by-month, September would be stronger than July and August. But in terms of overall... you know, was September way bigger than last September versus July and August being about the same, no we saw a pretty... I would say we saw pretty consistent volume year-over-year through the quarter.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Okay. Thats helpful. Also, then also can you help us understand if there was any material impact from acquisitions on volume growth in the quarter?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. As I said earlier, we had two acquisitions of some size. Stanford I think closed on the end of July, the beginning of August. PathNet actually closed considerably later. And we wouldnt have seen anything significant from that in the quarter. We also had acquisitions last year in the third quarter, so year-over-year, I dont think there is anything that... I dont think any of the volume growth is significantly acquisition-driven.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Okay. And then on the esoteric side, you talked about focusing on some of the less discretionary areas of testing, and perhaps some of the longer term initiatives you have in place. Can you provide some color on the tools you have to drive increases in esoteric testing utilization in the shorter-term?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think obviously the biggest tools are... we know what specialties most of our customers are in. We have a sales force that we can direct to customers and specialties where we think they are going to see less impact from patients not coming to the doctor. And we have internally provided our sales force with a number of tools to focus on some of the esoteric tests in oncology and endocrinology and rheumatology, and other specialized areas that we believe physicians are going to want and need. So the major things that we have, other than introducing new tests or other than things like K-ras, which I mentioned. Are our ability to focus the sales force, our ability to provide the sales force, and from the sales force to physicians, information about testing that they might consider for these... what I would describe as more chronically ill patients and our identification of physicians by specialty, so we know where to target.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Okay. And the last question, can you remind us what percentage of your volume runs through the patient service centers? And then some of the things you have... some of the things you can do to improve collections on the physician office side?
William B. Hayes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Amanda, this is Brad. About 25% runs through our patient service centers. I would actually like to follow-up from Dave MacDonalds question earlier. I have limited my response to the patient service center activities. Outside of that, we have our own phlebotomists in certain physician accounts, and that picks up about another 15% of our business. So we think about our own employees seeing about 40% of our business. So again, if I could follow-up from the Dave MacDonald question, I did focus my answer there on the patient service centers. We do still have work to go on our own employees that are in physicians offices, and thats one of our initiatives that we are pursuing aggressively. Outside of that, we also have the ability to look at our write-offs by physician account where they came from, and we are also pursuing aggressively a number of initiatives there to try and steer patients to patient service centers. Put an employee phlebotomist in where it makes sense, or at the end of the day losing that business, because we have seen some cases where it doesnt make sense to do business with a particular account. So there are some initiatives we continue to work, and they are not as far along as the patient service center initiatives, to cover the part of our write-off and bad debt experience that comes outside of our patient service centers.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor of Citigroup. Please proceed.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Hi. Good morning.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: I have three questions, but I think they are pretty quick. One, could you give us the balance sheet allowance?
William B. Hayes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Gary, this is Brad. That will be in our Q when we file it.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay, I will wait for that. On the bad debt side, I just wanted to run through a few of the elements. It looks like, given that the percent of revenue from patients was down again sequentially, un-insured volumes must have been down again year-over-year?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: They were not down as much as in the second quarter.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: They were about 8% down in the second quarter and in the third quarter, year-over-year, they were down 1.6% on a volume basis.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay. If Im correct, your deductible and co-pay revenue is not categorized in that patient revenue number?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. It is not, it is not in there. But I can tell you it did go down sequentially in the third quarter, as we have seen it do... as we have seen it come down historically as people work through their deductibles.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Great. I know that was your expectation.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: So Im pleased that came through. Can you remind us again, ballpark, what that number is as a percent of revenue?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: 7%. So we think of the combined two as being about 17% of our book on an annual basis, minus the quarterly fluctuations being collectable from the patient.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: All right. And then my last question, just on the $17 million of restructuring charges, can you just run through cash, non-cash, and then I assume the bulk of that is severance and maybe leases, is that...
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thats exactly right. The bulk of that is severance and leases. The timing of the cash of that I dont have in front of me, but it will be mostly cash.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay. Great. Thank you.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dawn Brock of JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Dawn Brock - JPMorgan: As most of my questions have been answered. Just one quick one on guidance. The $5 to $5.25, would you be willing to just give us any of the I guess backup or any of the parameters between... or I guess between that gap of 5 to $5.25? Would you be comfortable with us basically taking some of the metrics that you are using or reiterating for 4Q and having us extrapolate them forward?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think you are going to decide based on your model what metrics to use and I think, as I responded earlier to Bob. The major factors that are going to determine where we fall in the range, is what happens to volume? How does the economy perform? How does bad debt perform? What overall inflationary pressure do we see versus the positive pricing that we expect? And I would say at this point historically, traditionally, we are not going to change it, we havent guided to anything between topline revenue and our EPS expectations.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session, and I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David King, CEO, for any closing remarks.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much for listening to our call this morning. We hope you have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a great day. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David P. King - President and CEO Bradford T. Smith - EVP, Corporate Affairs and Secretary Brad Hayes - EVP and CFO Ed Dodson - Sr. VP and Chief Accounting Officer Eric Lindblom - Sr. VP, Investor and Media Relation
Analysts: Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse William Bonello - Wachovia Capital Markets Robert Willoughby - Banc of America Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc David Macdonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company, L.L.C. Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Kemp Dolliver - Cowen Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray Jason Gerdes - Lee rink Swann David Veal - Morgan Stanley Gary Taylor - CitiGroup Inc. Balaji Gandhi - Oppenheimer
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the second-quarter 2008 Laboratory Corporation of America's earnings conference call. My name is Clarissa and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session toward the end of this call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. David King, President and CEO. Please proceed.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Clarissa. Good morning and welcome to LabCorp's 2008 second-quarter conference call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Smith, Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs, Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Ed Doddson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, and Eric Lindblum, Senior Vice Price President, Investor and Media Relations. This morning we will provide a review of our second-quarter and year-to-date 2008 results, then talk about current and long-term growth drivers and how we intend to capitalize on them. Later in the call, we will review guidance for 2008 and cover a few anticipated questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Brad Smith, who has a few comments before we begin.
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: Before we begin, I'd like to point out there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning, the company filed an 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review the supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release for a reconciliation of EBITDA, which is non-GAAP financial information discussed during this call. I would also like to point out that any forward-looking statements made during the conference call are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various important factors that could affect the company's financial results. These factors are set forth in detail in our 2007 10-K and subsequent filings. Now, Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Brad. Our second-quarter results are as follows. Net sales increased to 10% to $1,147.8 million, compared to the second quarter of 2007, testing volume measured by accessions increased 9% and price increased 1%. Excluding the consolidation of our Ontario, Canada joint venture, revenue increased 3.6% with volume increasing 1.3% and price increasing 2.3%. Before restructuring and other special charges recorded in the second quarter of 2008 and 2007, earnings per diluted share increased 13.8% to $1.24 versus $1.09 in the second quarter of 2007. During the quarter, we recorded pretax restructuring and other special charges of $16 million, primarily related to the closing of redundant and underperforming facilities. In addition, we recorded a $45 million increase in our allowance for doubtful accounts, due to the impact of the economy, higher patient deductibles and co-payments, and recent acquisitions on the collectibility of our accounts receivable balances. We have had and continue to have several key initiatives in place to improve our collection experience. But these efforts were not enough to offset the trend in the current quarter. We believe that our increase in the allowance, our increase in our bad debt rate to 5.28%, and these initiatives are sufficient to stabilize bad debt for the foreseeable future. We continue to believe that in the longer term, as a result of our initiatives and efficiencies we will gain from our 2010 plan, bad debt reduction is an opportunity for us to improve our industry-leading margins. EBITDA increased to just $301.1 million or 26.2% of net sales compared $279.6 million or 26.8% of net sales in the second quarter of 2007. The 60 basis point margin contraction reflects the impact of the consolidation of our Canadian joint venture business. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $194.7 million, net of $8.5 million in transition payments to United Health Care. In the quarter, the company was billed $9.1 million in transition payments. To date, the company has been billed $57 million in transition payments, with approximately $53.5 million paid. The $57 million billed represents the vast majority of claims activity through March, 2008. DSO at the end of June was 54 days. At the end of June, the company had cash and short-term investments of $155.3 million and no outstanding borrowings under our revolving line of credit. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $40.9 million. During the quarter, the company repurchased $10.8 million worth of stock, representing approximately 154,000 shares. Approximately $359.3 million of repurchase authorization remained under our approved share repurchase plan at the end of the quarter. Our year-to-date results are as follows. Net sales increased to 10.2% to $2.251 billion. Compared to the first half of 2007, testing volume measured by accessions increased 8.8% and price 1.4%. Excluding the consolidation of our Ontario, Canada, joint venture, revenue increased 3.8% with volume increasing 1.4% and price increasing 2.4%.Before restructuring and other special charges recorded through the end of June, 2008 and 2007, earnings per diluted share increased 15.5% to $2.38 versus $2.06 in 2007. EBITDA increased to $586.6 million or 26.1% of net sales compared to $540.1 million or 26.5% of net sales in 2007. The 40 basis point margin contraction reflects the impact of the consolidation of our Canadian joint venture business. Operating cash flow for the first half was $371.2 million, net of $21.5 million in transition payments to UnitedHealthcare. During the first six months of 2008, the company repurchased $66.5 million worth of stock, representing approximately 900,000 shares. I will now turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Brad. As you can see, we had a very solid second quarter. Our US business grew 3.6% with volume increasing 1.3% in spite of a difficult comparable in the second quarter of 2007 which included significant growth from UnitedHealthcare and being in network with Aetna. Also as we have been saying, the economy has had an effect on our business which we believe is reflected in both, our volume growth and collection experience. Our view of volume growth in the second half as well as the impact of increasing bad debt are the drivers of our adjustment to guidance for the balance of the year. In spite of these near-term challenges, we firmly believe that the future of our company and the industry has never been brighter. In a moment, I will discuss what we see as the two greatest drivers of growth and margins, but I would first like to give you some additional information about our 2010 plan. LabCorp 2010 is a comprehensive initiative to drive service, quality, and operational improvements and to create a platform to allow us to fully realize the growth opportunities I am about to discuss. Our focus on improving quality and service will not only support growth, it will allow us to lower our expense base through greater operational efficiency. For example as we improve our logistics and testing infrastructure, we reduce the potential for error in sample handling and create savings from things like improved courier routes and a footprint with fewer, more efficient testing facilities. These improvements are already underway. Overall, we expect that the 2010 plan will generate net savings of at least $100 million from our current annual expense run rate by 2011. Our savings will come primarily from adjustments in our footprint, greater efficiencies in our logistics network, and improved supply chain management. Brad Smith will discuss more details on the timing of the savings in a few minutes. Now, let's turn to our key drivers of long-term growth, esoteric testing and personalized medicine. We have long been the leader in esoteric and genomic testing. These tests continue to generate almost 35% of our revenue and contribute significantly to our EBITDA margins. In this quarter, esoteric and genomic testing volumes grew by 5%, well above growth in the core business. A major driver of growth in esoteric testing is vitamin D. The understanding of the importance of vitamin D testing has vastly increased over the last two years, and we have seen the volume of this test grow exponentially. Many Americans are vitamin D deficient with significant negative consequences for their health. Study report that vitamin D deficiencies increase risk of prostate, colon, and breast cancer as well as osteoporosis. Here again the laboratory industry leads the way in improving patient care and patient outcomes. We continue to lead the industry in bringing new clinically relevant esoteric tests to our clients and their patients. We are very proud that in this quarter we introduced OvaSure, our ovarian cancer screening test for high-risk women. This test developed by researchers at Yale University is the first clinically reliable screening test for the approximately 10 million women who have a high risk for the development of ovarian cancer. Ovarian cancer is one of most lethal cancers because it is typically diagnosed at a late stage at which time the chances of survival are poor. This year it is estimated that more than 21,000 women will be diagnosed with ovarian cancer and more than 15,000 will die from the disease. An effective screening test will help improve early detection and patient outcomes. We have seen significant interest in the test from physicians, patients, and payers, and already see adoption. We look forward to additional publications on the Phase III trial. We lost the number of other noteworthy tests in the esoteric and genomic arena in the first half of this year. First a breast cancer prognosis gene expression assay developed in collaboration with Celera Diagnostics. This gene expression test predicts the risk of metastasis in breast cancer patients, helping physicians to select the right course of treatment and improving patient outcomes. Second, an assay for detecting the presence of a key tissue marker, GST-Pi in prostate cancer. LabCorp was the first full-service, national laboratory in the United States to launch this assay which helps physicians assess the risk of prostate cancer in men with consistently elevated PSA but repeatedly negative biopsies. Third we announced the availability of ColoSure, the most sensitive, in guideline, noninvasive colorectal cancer screening test available. ColoSure examines DNA in colon cells to enhance the potential for detecting and treating colorectal cancer in its early or localized stage when the chance of survival is greatest. We are pleased with our progress in esoteric and Genomic testing and continue to believe that it will generate 40% of our revenue in the next three to five years. We also see great opportunity in personalized medicine on at least two fronts. First serving as a catalyst for the creation of targeted therapeutics and companion diagnostics and second providing a comprehensive service to help physicians personalize care for diseases whose course of treatment is driven heavily by lab results. We believe we are the industry leader in both of these areas and that they will provide significant growth for us. In companion diagnostics, we led by introducing HIV viral load followed with HIV and HCV genotyping. In 2005, we were the first commercial laboratory to introduce the test for the HLA-B-57 mutation that identifies hypersensitivity to back of ear an Aids treatment drug. In this quarter we continued our leadership in companion diagnostics. We reached an agreement Siemens to discuss future possibilities to co-development new clinical diagnostics tests in companion diagnostics, metabolic syndrome, oncology, and diabetes. We entered into an exclusive alliance to develop and commercialize a series of diagnostic test for genetic markers identified by Vanda Pharmaceuticals in the course of its clinical development of a Fanapta novel, atypical, anti-psychotic drug candidate under review for the treatment of schizophrenia. We offered a genetic test to detect the K-ras mutation. As you know, mutations in the K-ras gene are common among patients with colorectal cancer and can better define which patients will benefit from particular drug treatment. At the recent ASCO meeting it was suggested that K-ras testing should routinely be conducted immediately after diagnosis of colorectal cancer to ensure the best treatment strategy for each individual patient. We continued our innovative collaboration with Medco to identify non-responders to tamoxifen before they receive the drug. This partnership involves performing a diagnostic test on each patient who is prescribed tamoxifen to determine whether they have the receptor that will make the drug efficacious. If this receptor is not present, tamoxifen therapy will not be successful. To further these initiatives, we will soon be breaking ground on a state-of-the-art biorepository in Kannapolis, North Carolina, that we will be developing in partnership with Duke University and several pharmaceutical manufacturers. This biorepository along with our newly acquired Tandem Labs ability to do rapid bio-marker identification are two critical components of our plan to create the most comprehensive companion diagnostic platform in the industry. The proof of our success in this area is the 71% year-over-year revenue growth in our clinical trials business. This platform has broad application including the ability to support drug rescue programs which we have been exploring in our work with Arca biosciences. We have recently seen exciting new data from Arca about bucindolol indicating that genetic testing allows U.S. to accurately identify patients who will benefit from the drug. We are leveraging our capabilities in assay development, data and informatics, physician and patient access, and distribution to become the partner of choice for development of companion diagnostics. The second important opportunity around personalized medicine is our outcome improvement programs. You have heard me talk about Litholink, our kidney stone management program that reduces stone recurrence by 80% and saves the healthcare system substantial costs in treating recurrent stone formers. This decision support model provides physicians with patient-specific information about how to treat disease and improve outcomes. And it has grown rapidly as physicians, patients, and payers adopt and embrace the model. We are pleased to announce that in August we will launch a new service to help physicians address a much larger crisis in the United States, Chronic Kidney Disease. There are more than 26 million Americans with stage-three or four Chronic Kidney Disease, and astonishingly, approximately 90% do not know they have the disease. CKD prevalence has increased by 30% in the past decade, driven by the co morbidities of diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, and obesity. CKD is a chronic progressive disease with exceptionally high morbidity and mortality. And it is a major health disparity issue. It is estimated that stage three and four CKD cost over $20 million per year with an additional $17 billion spent on dialysis patients. Yet in a seminal study of CKD treatment nearly 50% of patients did not receive a single intervention associated with optimal care in the year before going on dialysis. Our program has two goals, better patient outcomes and cost reduction. We will achieve better outcomes by identifying patients with stage three and four disease in time to treat them correctly and postpone or avoid dialysis. The savings will follow. I am pleased that we have recruited a pre-eminent advisory board to assist U.S. in designing our CKD program. We are both flattered and proud that 15 of the most prominent experts in the U.S. and Canada in Chronic Kidney Disease are working with LabCorp to attack this terrible condition. We are fully committed to the success of this program, with others like it to follow. Now I would like to update our guidance for 2008. Excluding the impact of restructuring and other special charges and share repurchase activity after June 30, our guidance is compared to 2007, LabCorp expects 2008 revenue growth of approximately 10.3 to 11.3%. EBITDA margins of approximately 25.0 to 25.3% of revenues, diluted earnings per share in the range of $4.54 to $4.66, operating cash flow of approximately $750 million to $770 million, excluding any transition payments to United HealthCare. Capital expenditures of approximately $140 million to $160 million, including capital dedicated to our 2010 plan, and net interest expense of approximately $70 million. Now Brad Smith will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: Thank you, Dave. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? In the second quarter, approximately 35% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. As Dave stated, our goal over the next three to five years is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 40% of revenue. Do you see additional increases in your allowance for doubtful accounts or for further increases in your bad debt rate? We believe that the $45 million increase in our reserve along with the 25 basis point increase in our bad debt rate and our ongoing collection initiatives, will sufficiently fund our allowance for doubtful accounts for the foreseeable future. What are your plans for uses of free cash flow during the remainder of 2008? We remain committed to returning value to our shareholders. First by using our free cash flow to grow our business through strategic acquisitions and licensing agreements, and second, through continuing our approved share repurchase program. The acquisition market remains attractive with a number of opportunities to strengthen our scientific capabilities, grow our esoteric testing franchise and increase our presence in key geographic areas. How has OraSure been received and what do you think is the upside potential? We are extremely pleased with the uptake of OraSure, our ovarian screening test for high-risk women. We are encouraged by physician interest today and expect that there will be further interest after Yale University publishes the data from its Phase III trials. How have economic conditions affected your volumes? We have been saying for some time that the economy has had an impact on our business. We believe that our industry and health care generally are less affected by economic downturns in other industries, but we are not immune. It is important to point out, that we grew volume in both the first and second quarters despite difficult comparables. The clearest impact we can point to is in our drugs of abuse testing business, which during the quarter saw a 7.9% decline in volumes compared quarter two of 2007. Excluding this decline, our increase in volumes for both the quarter and year-to-date would have been 2%. Can you tell us more about the LabCorp 2010 plan? As mentioned earlier, LabCorp 2010 is a comprehensive initiative to drive service, quality, and operational improvements and to create a platform for growth. To that end, we have identified that we will save at least 100 million net from our current run rate in 2011. We expect to see limited savings in 2008, approximately 35 million in 2009, growing to 75 million in 2010 and the full 100 million as we entered 2011. Again, these numbers are net savings after any incremental expense, reinvestment in the business and depreciation. In terms of capital, we anticipate spending approximately 85 million over the three years with 15 million to 20 million in 2008, 40 million in 2009 and 30 million in 2010. How is the M&A market? The M&A market is probably the most active it's been in recent years. We believe that a combination of factors has caused many lab owners to explore their options. Although asking prices are still on the high side, we see lots of opportunities for consolidation. To that end, we remain committed to our discipline of making strategic acquisitions at appropriate valuations. How are your partnerships with managed care progressing? We are pleased the volume has grown year-over-year for United, Wellpoint, and Cigna and Humana and that we have retained a significant part of the Aetna business. We are encouraged by conversations with the United, Wellpoint, Cigna, Humana and Aetna about enhancing our relationships. We continue to discuss with them how lab testing can help them improve patient outcomes and reduce health care costs. What is the status of your licensing relationship with Exact Sciences? Exact's recent announcement has not affected the status of our relationship or license agreement. In fact, our new in guidelines, noninvasive colorectal cancer screening test, ColoSure, is based in part upon intellectual property covered by our licensing agreement with Exact. What is the status of the Medicare competitive bidding demonstration project? The Medicare Improvement for Patients and Providers Act of 2008, enacted on July 15, 2008, repealed the competitive bidding demonstration project effectively immediately. We are very pleased with the passage of the Medicare act and the repeal of the demonstration program. The act preserves Medicare recipients' access to quality laboratory services and is an explicit recognition by Congress of the value that our industry brings to health care. What is the status of the proposed physician fee cut and clinical lab fee schedule? The 2008 Medicare act has also replaced a scheduled 10.6% cut in the physician fee schedule for doctors with a freeze for the remainder of 2008, and included a 1.1% increase in the physician fee schedule in 2009. The act also provides for a 0.5% reduction to the 5% CPI increase to the clinical lab fee schedule, effective January 1, 2009. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Brad. In summary, we had a good first half of 2008. Through disciplined execution of our strategic plan and continued focus on the outstanding long-term opportunities for growth, we will ton deliver great value it our shareholder. Thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to answer any questions you may have. Question And Answer
Operator: (Operators Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein from Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Just maybe we're going to start on the bad debt expense. Maybe if you could provide more clarity there. In terms of just the additional reserves on the balance sheet. Can you talk about your process in terms of how you go about that? And then if you have any details, you know, in terms of what you're getting, in terms of the aging of your receivables in terms of the different buckets, and trying to better understand the process, you know, as we think about the impact there. And then secondly, maybe if you could elaborate more as you think about bad debt for the full year. I guess how should we think about that in terms of how it's impacting the new guidance. Thank you.
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: Sure, Adam. And I know you guys are going to want to talk about bad debt for a while. We'll talk about it for as long we need to, to get everybody comfortable. You know, I've been saying throughout the quarter that it would be disappointing if we had to raise bad debt again. And obviously we're not happy that we had to take the actions that we took. But I do want to put it in context. We've grown volume in both quarters of the first half over very difficult comps. We continue to have very, very strong EBITDA margins. And we continue to generate very strong cash flow. So while we're not happy with the bad debt increase and with the increase to the allowance, we have a lot of positives to talk about in addition to bad debt today. That being said, I'm going to ask Brad Hayes to address your specific questions and answer in detail.
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Adam, this is Brad Hayes. You asked about the process. And in our 10-K there's a pretty good write up about the process. Basically we look at our cash collections. We look at our ageing, and we have a model that helps us determine the adequacy of our allowance. So that there's a pretty lengthy process that we've had in place for some time to look at the allowance. What we've seen in the second quarter and, you know, first half of the year as well is weakness in our patient billing experience. We've said for some time that about 17% of our revenue is collectible directly from the patient. About half of that is uninsured. And about the other half comes from co-pays and deductibles. And we've seen recently a 1% increase in that experience in terms of our total revenue from the patient arena go up by a full percentage point. We believe that in the second quarter that our collections have been lower than expected in patient. And our write-offs have been higher, which has been a direct result of what we think are the economic conditions and their impact on the consumer. Again, as we look at it and we think about the foreseeable future, the increase to the relative, our initiatives, and the increase to our bad debt rate going forward, we feel like are going to be enough to stabilize the situation there.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then just with respect to what's incorporated into the guidance for bad debt expense?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. A quarter basis point increase from where it was in the first quarter. So in total, a 50 basis point increase this year. And that is in the guidance.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Got you. Okay. And then just a follow up, Brad. It's helpful just to have all the details here. So, you know, what are you getting from a pure self-pay patient so, you know, is it $0.20, $0.30, $0.10? You know, what can you give us in terms of as we think about the averages there?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, it's less from the, here's the way I'll break it down, Adam. About 75% to 80% of our bad debt experience is from the patient billing category. So you ask can back into the math that way. We generally see the worst experience in the uninsured category and better experience in the co-pay deductible category. But with the growth in the co-pay and deductible category and that experience would be worse than our average bad debt rate it puts pressure on the bad debt expense. The other thing that we've looked at is, we believe that directly this experience is tied to what individuals owe us. Because if we look at the categories of write-offs, it's pretty clear to us that 70% of those write-offs are clearly owed by the patient, either in the form of uninsured or in the form of co-pay deductible. The remaining 30% of write-offs are possibly related to missing or incomplete information, but it's very hard to know if a patient was covered or not covered on that date of service. So we believe that, that again tying back to the economy and the impact that we think that's having on our bad debt expenses, it's pretty clear to us where it comes from that it's owed by individuals, and that that's where our weakness is. And I might just elaborate for a moment on our initiatives. Our initiatives are also targeted at that particular part of our receivables, and are heavily focused on collecting from patients at the time of service in the opportunities where we have to do that. And we think that is a tremendous opportunity for us to do better going forward and has been improving for some time as we've worked those initiatives. So that -- that is the center of our initiative plan. We also look at our third-party denial process, look at sources of our bad debt by where it comes from in terms of physician accounts to address that portion of our bad debt that we don't see in our patient service centers or in-office lobotomists. So the initiatives are aimed directly at where the problems are.
Adam Feinstein  Lehman Brothers: Okay, nice. And there is one minor housekeeping question and I'll get back in the queue here. Just -- I may have missed it. But did you quantify what the impact from the Aetna contract was on volumes for the quarter?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Adam, its Dave. We didn't -- we said in the first quarter that we thought it was about 1.5%. And based on the trend that we saw last year, we didn't start to lose really any significant Aetna volumes until the middle of June last year. So I would still think it would be in that 1.5% range.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Just in terms of going back to the guidance, if we look at the EBITDA margins for the first half of the year it looks like they're tracking 26%. And, even if I assumed the low end of your top line guidance, the 5.3%, bad debt number, I guess I'm struggling to get to the 25% to 25.3% margin. Can you help me -- is there something else on the cost side that I'm missing? Or am I not doing the calc right?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ralph, this is Brad. The margin -- I mean the revenue coming down obviously impacts the margin. We've looked at the first half versus second half total margins. And they are down and are implicit in our guidance. But we look back at several years of history. And it's clear that, to us that the second year is a lower margin than the first half of the year.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Right, but, I guess that -- what I'm saying, even incorporating your -- the low end of your guidance that you have out there on the top line and incorporating the low -- the new bad debt as a percentage of revenue number, if that sort of flows through, I guess I just struggle to see how you get the 25 to 25.3 after you did 26 in the first half, unless I'm missing something on another cost line item.
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ralph, it all gets -- it all makes sense in our model. And if there's a detailed modeling question we can help you with, we'll do that offline. But there aren't --
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. Fair enough. And then --?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I can say there aren't any other costs in our model that are driving any kind of interesting relationships there.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. That's fair. I'm just trying.
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: All you need to do is look at the business pre and post the Canadian consolidation. Again, when we look at it close, and look at our model, at the Q3 and Q4 margin, we don't see it much different in the second half than we'd see in any second half that we look back at.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. And again, just in terms of the earnings has to be clear, the 454 to 466 excludes the write-off from this quarter, regarding bad debt?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, I guess just in terms of the bad debt continuing, you mentioned, higher co-pay, higher deductibles. But also you mentioned recent acquisitions. Can you break that out at all? Like is there some -- is there -- the receivables and a certain acquisition you did also contributing a significant portion of that increase?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Not significant. But it's a factor. I mean, generally our acquisitions have higher bad debt experience than our average. So until they are consolidated on to our centralized system that continues to weigh but it's -- we listed it third. It isn't a factor but not a significant factor.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then the share repurchase number for the quarter was fairly low. Any comment on that and maybe in the context of acquisitions and if there's any update obviously there's been some trade regs that have talked about you being aggressive in the acquisition market. Any news that front and anything to expect there related to not just acquisitions but share repurchase?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: Well, I think the -- this is Brad Smith. I think our -- we've haven't changed our philosophy at all. And that is that we're going to use our cash to look for strategic acquisitions and licensing agreements first. And then look at our pre-cash and pursue share repurchase second. And I think the implication is that there are a lot of opportunities out there. And the timing and how we use our cash is affected by what we see as it relates to acquisition and licensing opportunities.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: And then --
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Ralph, it's Dave. To answer the second part of your question about the M&A candidates, we don't discuss potential opportunities.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Ralph, it's Dave. To answer the second part of your question about the M&A candidates, you know, we don't discuss potential opportunities. I can tell you that we signed a definitive agreement with Stanford in July to acquire their outreach business and we expect that to close on August 1st.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, just my last one. Can you talk about your current leverage and any appetite to potentially increase that?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ralph, this is Brad. I mean, we're about 1.4 times, I mean, we think we could do that for the right reason. I think we have some capacity again for the right reason.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello from Wachovia. Please proceed.
William Bonello - Wachovia Capital Markets: Hi, guys, I have a couple of follow-up questions. I guess the first is I do want to revisit the top-line guidance, and I guess the explanation of the economic weakness is quite frankly a little unsatisfying in that you reduce the guidance by like 300 basis points, and just given that you've got Quest out there saying they're seeing no impact and not seeing that kind of a reduction from other healthcare providers, I'm just trying to figure out if there's something more to it than the economy, if there's a chunk of business that you lost, if there's a pay cut that you had, if you just looked at your initial guidance and said, hey, that never made any sense to start with. It just doesn't seem like it could all be the economy.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Bill, it's Dave. Obviously, when we gave our initial guidance, we looked at what we saw at the time, and that was that we saw a number of growth opportunities, CIGNA, LabOne, various other things that we talked about, that we thought gave us significant opportunity to grow faster than the market and as you obviously know, based on our guidance and also based on consensus, the second half had a fairly large ramp in it. So, there isn't anything that-- there isn't any big piece of business that we have lost. There isn't any contract that we have lost. There isn't anything that's out there that we see as a major detriment to the business other than we see a pretty significant economic impact. Now, I know that our competitor has said that they are not seeing an economic impact. All I would point you to is that their volume, year-over-year, increased by about 1% in the quarter, ours increased by 1.3 and we had a tougher comp to go against, so if 1% volume growth is unaffected by the economy, then the industry is growing a lot slower than I think it is. I think the industry should be growing in the 5% range. I think on average the industry is growing in the 3 to 4% range and that's where we're seeing in my view the bulk of the differential, so I don't see anything out there that is -- we haven't lost a big chunk of business. We don't have any major -- we don't have any view that there is any major problem other than adjusting the top-line to what we see in the economy and taking account of the fact there was a pretty healthy ramp in the second half given the consensus, and we got to be realistic about what we can achieve.
William Bonello - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. And then just to clarify, that's very helpful, but just --- so I get that you haven't lost anything, no big changes there. Would it be fair to say that some of the share gains that you had anticipated for the back half, you might not be anticipating now or will you still gain that share but it just totally offset by this lower industry growth?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think that we will -- I mean, again, if you look at guidance for the second half, it still implies volume growth at or above the industry to get to the revenue number. Now, the industry is not growing as fast as we thought it would, so there is still volume growth built into the guidance. Your statement though is an accurate one which is nobody is growing as fast as they thought that they were going to grow. And managed care membership is not growing and it looks like its declining and the number of insured people in the United States is not growing, it's declining. So I think all of those factors make us say, are we going to gain as much share, and are we going to --is there going to be as much opportunity as we thought there was going to be? No.
William Bonello - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. That's helpful, and then just on the bad debt deal, can you give us a sense of how much visibility you have into the amount owed by a patient when you're recognizing the revenue? I mean, do you have a pretty solid handle on -- of this $100 Bill, $80 of it is going to be due from the patient or $100 of it is going to be due from the patient because they haven't met their deductible, or do you not necessarily have a good read into that when you're recognizing the revenue?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Bill, this is Brad. We have a very good read into it.
William Bonello - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. That's what I figured. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby from Banc of America. Please proceed.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America: I guess just following Bill's question, we haven't really seen the variability and results. It's not just the Quest Diagnostics issue, it would be the medical suppliers as well whether it's drugs or Med Surg guys, their numbers have been on balance a bit stronger than where we would have thought they would be suggesting demand from at least physicians and hospitals are still relatively robust, so I don't know if I'm asking to you to answer the same question again, but it does seem that you are losing something somewhere.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Bob, it's Dave. All I can give you is the data that I and the information that I have seen out there. Clearly, it has high deductible plans have grown, the numbers that we saw were in 2007, about 37% of the population was in high deductible plans with a deductible of greater than $500 and now, in 2008, we expect that number to have increased significantly. That means there's more patient responsibility in a time when there's pressure on patients. So the numbers I see reported by IMS are that physician visits are down quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year with a significant decline in the particularly in the women's health area, IMS reporting visits down over 6%. Patients are delaying or deferring non-acute care per the report from the Kaiser Family Foundation in April, per a couple articles I'm sure you've seen in the Wall Street Journal about patients choosing to defer care and for our own insurance that esoteric growth is running at about 5% last quarter and the core basically was flat. Our own uninsured patient volumes, just the people who walk into have testing done and have no insurance so the original patient are down about 8%. Our pre-employment drug testing is down by about 8% in the Second Quarter. We did an internal survey of a thousand customers who confirmed that a significant percentage of them have skipped recommended care including physician visits to our lab tests and we did an internal survey physicians who confirmed year-over-year they've seen a decline in the number of visits so it's hard for me to compare our business to other peoples business but I don't see robust growth in people going to the doctor and going to get lab tests. And again, volume grew in the quarter. Price grew in the quarter, just didn't grow as fast as we thought it was going to.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America: Baffling. I guess I would ask, is there a different philosophy on share repurchase going forward given the extreme reaction of the stock today, would you be willing to drawdown much larger amounts under Credit Facilities to take advantage of a stock price here or is it balanced between acquisitions and share repurchases this year, you're not willing to be as quite as aggressive there?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: This is Brad. I think Smith, we haven't changed, Bob, and as you know, we wouldn't, our strategy, we said we're going to be opportunistic and we said we're going to use our cash, we don't have good acquisition opportunities, but obviously we wouldn't want to talk about something like that before we decided to take a step like that.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: But Bob, it's Dave. I mean historically, you have seen us be aggressive when we believe the stock has been, where there's been overcorrection or the stock has been under valued, so there's nothing that says to me that we would change our historical approach, which is that if we see the stock price declining or we see what we think is an overcorrection, we're going to be aggressive in repurchasing shares.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America: And can you comment on revenue multiples on acquisitions, two times forward numbers for core labs? Is that the metric or better or worse?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think two times revenue is the high end of the range that we will be looking at. We tend to look at obviously multiples of revenue, multiples of EBITDA. We look at discounted cash flow. We look at the internal rate of return and our return, but two times revenue would have to be something that we thought was pretty strategic.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thank you, this is Shelley on for Matt Borsch. A couple questions, first on the bad debt charges, just wondering if we could walk through I think it's a follow-up to Adam's question, a little bit more detail. Can you help us understand which of the buckets you had spoken to most of the pressure is coming from, so the buckets I'm thinking of are, are there higher dollars attributable to the uninsured population? Higher dollars attributed to co-pays and deductibles or is it more of a reduced collect ability and you're not really actually seeing growth in the amount of uninsured or is it reduced collect ability on co-pays and deductibles cause I think those are all very different situations. Can you comment on those buckets?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Shelley, this is Brad Hayes. To answer your questions shortly and I'll get into some detail, it's both. The biggest source is the uninsured. So that's where we see the most issue with collection and that's the biggest source of our write-off. Dave mentioned earlier that our volume in the quarter of those transactions is down 8%, but we still have to collect from past transactions. So, that's the source of a large part of our write-off. On the co-pay and deductible, we've seen that growing in terms of the dollars that are going through that bucket pretty rapidly recently and again, overtime I don't want to say that this is a new phenomenon. It's been going on since as far back as the late 90s but I think it has accelerated recently. It's clear from other sources that that has occurred. Combine those two things with again and we've got as many data points as Dave gave out on physician office visits, we've got a lot of data points on what we see externally happening to the consumer, so more dollars flowing through the bucket and the impact on the consumer from the economy, it's kind of both of those things in totality.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Okay, that's helpful and if I could shift gears on the top line guidance. Is it -- could it be part of the reduction in the top line growth as related to maybe reduced expectations on the hospital redirection initiative? I think what we heard at the last quarter is that this was kind of relying on health plan benefit design changes in order to sort of redirect the business there. Could this be a case of maybe misjudged timing and do you still expect benefit there? Maybe is it more of a 2009 issue?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's Dave. While it would be convenient to blame it on the hospital redirection, I mean, I don't think that the reduction in the top line is really driven by our view of hospital redirection. Again, if you look at the statistics that have come out recently, one of the things I found interesting is that the Medicare trustees publish their Annual Report of where laboratory work is being done and between 2006 and 2007, which is the last year they reported, there was a decline of about 8% in the amount of Medicare work that was going through hospital outpatient and outreach facilities and an increase of about 8% in the amount that was going through independent labs and physician office labs. So, I think hospital volumes -- and remember Medicare pays everybody the same. No economic incentive for redirection of business there. I think hospital redirection is happening and will continue to happen as we move forward. Certainly, to the extent benefit designs of health plans are involved, that's going to be a 2009 event because you can't redesign benefits in the middle of the year.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Okay, I was just wondering if there was a change in your expectations and it doesn't sound like there was much of one. And then just finally a quick question on what's embedded in your guidance around supplies expense. I'm wondering if you've made any revisions to your outlook there, given the thermal electron announcement from a couple weeks ago, whether you are seeing anymore pressure from other suppliers raising their prices.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's Dave. Suppliers always want to raise their prices. I think we've done a very good job holding the line of supply expense and the guidance does not imply that we'll see any significant difference in our supply expense for the balance of the year.
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Art Henderson from Jeffries & Company. Please proceed.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc: Hi, good morning. Looking out for the remainder of the year, I want to be clear. Excluding Canada, what are you seeing as your organic growth rate and if you have sort of thoughts on volume and price for the remainder of the year? That would be helpful.
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Art, this is Brad Hayes.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc: Hey Brad.
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Excluding Canada, we see it at 4 to 5 in the revenue line, with probably the same contribution from price, maybe a little better in price because we annualize the Cigna price impacts in last year and then in volume, we also annualize in July the Aetna loss last year. So, we see it in the 4 to 5 range and this is excluding Canada and not much change in our Canadian experience.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc: Okay, that's helpful and then looking at the earnings per share guidance, 454 to 466, what's gets you the low end, what gets you the high end? What's the swing factor there?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Art, its Dave.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc: Hi, Dave.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think a couple of things. The biggest swing factor there is going to be top line revenue performance and particularly volume performance. So, we have a number of specific initiatives directed at growing volume, given what we're seeing and since February, we've been targeting specific physician practices and specialties that we believe are less subject to the economy, so physicians who were taking care of patients with more acute issues, and I think that's what really is going to drive the -- where we end up in the range is what we do in terms of top line volume growth.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc: Okay. That's helpful and then on the LabCorp 2010 initiative, I know you were pretty clear that we wouldn't see really much impact this year, but is there anything cost wise out there that you're looking at, that you feel like you could pull forward a bit, that you might be able to realize some savings in 2008?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I mean, we already have a number of these things in place. For example, root optimization software for couriers. Now I'm sure everybody has read about the UPS and the right-turn philosophy. Not making left turns, I mean, so we're always tweaking what we have to look for cost savings opportunities. We're always focused on expenses and on sizing the business correctly and again, let me point out that we have 60 million out of the run rate from the second half of last year to now, due to the actions that we took in the second half of last year. And net of acquisitions, we're down about 1500 people in the organization on a base of around 27,000. So what we have to be careful about in terms of expense reduction is not overreacting to what we see as an economic impact that is causing us to have lower volume than we would like, and sufficiently staffing to maintain levels of service and quality. All that said, we're always looking at, is the business sized correctly for the volume and we'll continue to look at that and certainly if there's anything we can pull forward from 2010 in terms of facility rationalization, logistics and proven or otherwise we will do that in the second half.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc: That's helpful. One last question and I'll get back in the queue. ColoSure can you talk about that a little bit more that strikes me as a bigger opportunity than maybe some people may think, and maybe I'm seeing this differently, but can you elaborate on what the opportunity there is and what that might contribute to you going forward?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Colorectal cancer screening, the competition for ColoSure in my view is not cyclical blood, it's not Colonoscopy its, not any test that is out there in the market. The competition is 50% of Americans age 50 who don't get screened at all. And they don't get screened because they don't want to go through Colonoscopy or virtual Colonoscopy which is an invasive and uncomfortable procedure. So what ColoSure is a non-invasive procedure, it's in the recent guidelines by the American cancer society for colorectal cancer screening, and, you know, the opportunity is I think is significant if we can reach into the marketplace to the people who were not getting screened and show them that there is a non-invasive way of getting screened that has pretty good sensitivity and specificity for the early identification of colorectal cancer.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc: And right now 20 states roughly are mandating this? Is that right, 20 states are mandating this test or reimbursing for this test? I'm not quite clear as to what the landscape is there.
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think the reimbursement landscape, obviously a good bit this focuses on managed care reimbursement. At age 50, most of the patients who are going to be screened are going to be patients covered by managed care. And our general managed care reimbursement experience has been pretty good. And it's going to be better now that test is in the American Cancer Society guidelines.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David McDonald from Sun Trust please proceed.
David Macdonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: One question on the bad debt. I was wondering if you could just provide a little bit more on the collection initiatives. I know you mentioned obviously trying to collect more up front. What do you do there? I would assume most folks are paying cash in terms of the co-pay. Do you get credit card involved? Exactly, can you give more detail in terms of what behavior you can change-up front to alleviate this?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Dave, this is Brad Hayes. To go into more detail, first of all, we have had for several days a cash register module embedded into our system that sits in front of our employees and patient service centers and in some cases physician offices. So it is getting better at building into their work process and work flow collecting from an uninsured transaction at that time of service or before that time of service. So that's part of it. And we recently started paying those people an incentive. Our own employees get incentives to collect that cash. And we think that's going to help move the needle. Second, and you mentioned it, is capturing the credit card at the time of service for the insured because we don't know. Because we don't have a real time claims adjudication system, it's difficult, it's not impossible for us to know at the time of service what the patient is going to owe after the third party adjudication. So if we can get a credit card swipe upfront we can go back to that with the patient's authorization and collect after a third-party adjudication. We've had very good success there. Then rolling those processes again through our and getting better at the time that we see the patients both in terms of our own patient service centers as well as our phlebotomists that are in doctors' accounts. So that's the meat of the patient initiatives of the patients that we see. For the patients that we don't see, it comes down to looking at the source of our write-offs by contributing physician account and looking at the root causes of those and seeing what we can do with it. For example, we have seen physician accounts that had a high contribution from the uninsured. We go to the physician account and say, for your uninsured, send them to our patient service center. So that then gives us an opportunity that we did not have before to collect that cash at the time of service. So I hope that helps.
David Macdonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Yes. That is helpful. Actually, can you also give us a sense of the timing, when these incentive payments for the employs start? I would assume it's over the last couple of quarters?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Dave, its Dave King, just a couple of other quick comments. One of the things I want to be -- I want to you to understand, as well, is part of the 2010 plan involves placing kiosks for self-service check-in and patient service centers and online scheduling of appointments. And we expect to -- those are in pilot. We've been very successful with them. And we expect to have them fully rolled out within the first quarter of'09. Both of those include billing and collection logic. So a patient who makes an appointment to come see us through the patient service center, is going to be asked to give us a credit card or other information to pay their past due bills as will patients in the patient service center at the kiosk. So, I think we are implementing this into the process for the longer term that will be -- that will help us to do an even better job collecting from patients. We also have started a policy in our patient service centers of verifying patient's names and addresses so that we actually are collecting information so that for some reason we they didn't give us an insurance card or we don't -- the managed care says they are not covered that we actually have verified their name and address, physically at the patients service center to make sure that we have good information about how to collect. The incentives have been in place. We started piloting the incentive payments late last year. But they've really been fully in place since early, I would say, the exact month, but mid -- ends -- just towards the end of Q1, I would guess. Its fully in place and the credit card collections have been fully in place since the -- in all patient service centers since the beginning of July.
David Macdonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Okay, and then, just one more housekeeping question. Can you guys remind us what percentage of your revenue, your drugs of abuse testing process is now?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Dave, there is Brad. 3%.
David Macdonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy from William Blair. Please proceed.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company, L.L.C.: Hi, good morning. In terms of the impact of the economy to volume, now that we're halfway through the year, can you comment on how that impact has trended? Is it increasing, decreasing, or staying the same? And then also, is there a possibility that you could see that turn around if it is declining as patients burn through there -- I am sorry, if it is increasing, if patients burn through their deductibles throughout the year?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Amanda, it's Dave. I would say the economic trend got worse in the second quarter than it was in the first quarter, and so I think that obviously had a greater impact on volume. I think there are two potential opportunities. One, as you say is that if patient do use up their higher deductibles, that they will return to physicians. The other issue, which I hope will not be the case, but certainly one has to consider is, that if patients are deferring non-acute care that they may end up in a situation where they become acutely ill in the second half of the year, because they haven't -- they've deferred care in the first half of the year. And then, the third thing, obviously is if we start to see a turn in the economy, that that also has a potential positive impact.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company, L.L.C.: Okay. And also in terms of your ability to offset the impact of any volume -- or impact to volume from the economy, has anything offset that with, I guess, tweaking cost levers. Has that changed over the past quarter or so? Is there anything that's changed from your ability to do that to the first quarter to the second quarter?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: The only thing that's changed is that we're -- with the increase in bad debt, obviously that is an additional expense for the balance of the year that we would have to offset before we get any benefit from expense reductions. So if volume were down and I shouldn't say down, if volume were below -- if volume growth was less than what we expected it to be but bad debt was flat, then that would give us levers to -- that would give us more opportunity to go after costs. With volume growing less than we expect it to and bad debt increasing, it just gives you a little less flexibility on the expense side.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company, L.L.C.: Okay, and then also in terms of the hospital redirection. I think you'd said in the past that you've been working on some pilots with health plans and employers. Is there any update there? Or any more pilots you're working on? Or can talk about how those are progressing?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we're in a similar situation which is we have a couple of large employers that are looking at this opportunity with us and that would like to help us pilot it. And we continue to talk to health plans about it, I think as was previously mentioned to the extent that this is done through benefit design, its -- it requires a change in benefit design which would really take effect in the 2009 year.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company, L.L.C.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci from Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking all this time here. Just a couple of quick questions. First, just wondering, United's had some enrollment issues. So curious if the absolute amount of volume you're getting from United is what you thought of is that maybe one source of some shortfall on the volume front?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Tom, it's Dave. Without specific information about the type of member and the plan, it would be very hard for us to know what the impact of United membership is. Our United volumes have grown year over year so we're still seeing growth there, and they grew even before the -- even before the transition over from LabOne. So we are seeing growth in the United volumes. But whether membership loss has a direct impact on us or an indirect impact and what the size of that impact would be depends almost entirely on what kind of a plan it is, is it a cap plan, is it a fee for service, is it a senior plan?. And we just don't have that level of information to be able to tell.
Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then -- I'm not sure if you answered this before. There has obviously been a lot of discussion about the bad debt side. Is the percent of your business coming from uninsured, or the percent of your business that's co-pay and deductibles growing year over year, or are just collecting less of it?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Tom this, is Brad. It is growing. I mentioned earlier, and I think the first question, that it's up a point recently.
Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Which is -- is it at the uninsured or the co-pay side?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's coming from the co-pay.
Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So the actual number upon uninsured is not up a lot?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. If you look at that percentage of our revenue overtime, it's not -- that percentage of revenue has not increased. The increase has come from -- I say co-pay. But deductible and co-pay.
Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Right. And then on -- I guess before you talked about sort of expectations. Historically you've talked about expectations of 3 to 4% sort of growth in the business. How do you sort of get to that number? I guess just curious because it seems like part of the issue is relative to that number, things are weak. But just wondering how do we sort of substantiate that number as the base case?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: So I mean I think if you look at -- if you look at historically what you've seen is industry growth of around 5% and revenue combination of volume and price, I think what you're seeing now is you're seeing lower volume and still pretty significant contribution to price. So we were 1.3 for the quarter on volume. But we obviously had a healthy price increase of 2.3, and I think that's -- that's the range we should continue to think about until we start to see some improvement in the overall economic environment.
Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: All right. Last question, does the economy impact us proportionally routine versus esoteric testing in your view?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think the numbers for the quarter suggest that it did because the esoteric volume on the esoteric side was up 5% versus volume on the core side being basically about flat. So I think the esoteric testing is less affected by the overall economic impact.
Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: What would you normally expect esoteric volume to grow?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Tom, we've seen it historically grow at about twice the rate of the core.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: And by the way I should say, Tom -- it's Dave that when I say 5% that's the esoteric and genomic categories together for the quarter.
Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Right. Right. Right. Okay, thank for all the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from UBS. Please proceed.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS: Good morning. And thank you for taking my call. A number of questions. First of all, can you give us some color on the aging of patient receivables, and even more specifically what percent of patient receivables were in the over 90-day bucket? What percent was over the 120-day bucket, and how does that compare to where you were last quarter?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: Ricky, this is Brad. I'm not going to give out specific aging information by payer bucket. But what I can say confidently is that our patient cycle -- we either collect it or it moves out to write-off. So it doesn't live a very long life there. And there had been nothing that's changed that experience. Again, our cash was lower from patient in the quarter than we expected. And our write-offs were higher from patients than we expected. So I would not expect in our gross AR [ph], the way we keep it moving, to see a significant deterioration in ageing. But again, that -- as it writes off, takes away from the allowance.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS: And at what point do you write it off, is it over 120 days, over 90 days?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: I mean, our patient bucket, it goes out about six months internally before we send it to an outside collection agency. And that's the point in time that we write it off. And during that process, we are doing a lot of mailing. We are doing a lot of automated calling and trying to work that receivable to drive payment or resolution.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS: Okay. And then on the guidance, the top-line guidance, I know David you said that the swing factor is volume. So is the low end of the 454, are you assuming there that volumes will continue to deteriorate from current levels, or just continue at kind of a steady rate from where you are today?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think at the lower end, Ricky, the -- we're assuming that volumes will stay about where they are today. And at the mid-to higher range, we're assuming that we'll -- that we'll see some volume growth. But again, remembering that in the second half of the annualization of the loss of Aetna, there should be some volume growth there's less of a difficult comp in the third and fourth quarters than there was in the first two where we were in with Aetna last year and now we're out.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS: And that factored into the mid-to end of
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS: Okay. And then lastly, follow up on Tom's question about the specialty business. Obviously from what you were seeing, specialties, is continuing to grow despite the economy. But would it be fair to say that within the specialty or acute area you might have these two bucket might be associated with higher bad debt expense, and potentially with just higher co-pays? Given the fact that you're talking about bigger ticket items?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think because these tests tend to carry a higher price that they would eat up more of the patient's deductible, and if the patient has a co-pay that's based on a percentage of the charge then they would lead to higher co-pays. So it's hard to generalize across all plans because some have a flat dollar amount of a co-pay, and some have a percentage of the charge. But for those that have a percentage of the charge, if the price per encounter of the Esoteric test is higher, then that's going to generate a higher co-pay.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS: So I guess what I'm trying to understand here is the 1% increase in co-pay that you're seeing, is that a factor of the fact that the high-end Esoteric business is growing faster for you also the fact that you're saying in the next six months you're really going to focus more on those kind of acute-type patients?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, Go ahead.
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ricky, its Brad. We don't see it being test specific. The growth in that number.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS: So it's across the broad routine in specialty?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. In the 1% increase is really driven by just more people in high deductible plans. And therefore, more responsibility going out to patients.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Ricky, one other thing to keep in mind is for the deductible and anything that's a patient's responsibility in terms of deductible co-pay co-insurance, it's at the managed care negotiated rate. So think about it that way too, as making the amount something lower than what the patient price would be.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kemp Dolliver from Cowen. Please proceed.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen: Okay. Thanks. I am going to go back to bad debt. And the question is, is there any geographic variation that you're seeing in your collection experience -- I'm still trying to understand the Coke vs. Pepsi difference here. You know, given the relative stability of your largest competitors' collection trends?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Kemp, there is Brad. We do see variability. Based on where our business is, there are some states that have much bigger numbers than the other. I would say that when we look at our initiatives and how to roll out our initiatives, we go to the source of the biggest opportunity. So in terms of how we attack it, we're going to where it is the greatest. To your Coke vs. Pepsi question, apparently they're doing very well in this environment with the things that we mentioned, at least we see pretty clearly in our business, that it is owed directly by the patient. So they're apparently doing very well, and our hats are off to them. We aspire to lead the industry in every metric, and this is one where we don't. And we think it's a tremendous source of margin expansion opportunity when we do.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen: Okay. Just to extend on that, and then I have one other question. Is you're probably seeing more in the southern, southeast/southwest versus the northern half of the country in terms of collection problems?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's fair.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen: Okay. Okay. That makes sense. Do you have your cash interest in tax payments for the quarter?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we don't have that. That will be in our queue.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen: All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray: Thanks. Just a quick question. Are any of the managed care contracts tied to the clinical lab fee schedule?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Bill, it's Dave. There is nothing that I know of significant that is directly tied to the managed care fee schedule. We tend to have separate fee schedules negotiated sorry, to the Medicare fee schedule. So we tend to have separate fee schedules negotiated.
Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray: All right. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gerdes from Lee rink Swann. Please proceed.
Jason Gerdes - Lee rink Swann: Thank you. Two quick questions. One just following up on the last question. Are there any of your managed care constructs that include a CPI based rate increase for next year?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: We do have managed care contracts, let me start again. Almost all of our managed care contracts include some sort of cost escalators. Some of them are CPI based, some based on health care and disease. So the answer is yes, we do tend to have cost escalators and they do tend to have some relation to the CPI.
Jason Gerdes - Lee rink Swann: Okay. And then the final question is on the private pay patients which were down about 7.8% in the quarter, I know the comps are getting a little bit easier in the back half of the year. But do you have a sense of what the trend was intra-quarter -- was that trend was -- month by month was it picking up or sort of stable through the quarter?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: I sure don't have the breakdown in front of me month-by-month.
Jason Gerdes - Lee rink Swann: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Veal from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
David Veal - Morgan Stanley: Hey, thanks. Most of my questions have been answered. But just one very simple one. Can you just confirm that the 238 is the apples-to-apples number for the first half with respect to the new guidance?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: 238?
David Veal - Morgan Stanley: I mean, the diluted EPS, excluding the restructuring and other charges was 238?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: That is excluding the restructuring and other charges. And that is comparable to the new full-year guidance.
David Veal - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So net -- if I just do the simple math, it's 216 to 227 for the back half. Is that right?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: Yes.
David Veal - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor from Citigroup. Please proceed.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the call. I want to run through just a couple of issues you've already touched on. I'm probably just running slow today, but one question, a simple one. Looks like the CapEx guidance increased about 20 million. Any specific project or initiative behind that?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: Yes. It's the increase from the 2010 plan.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup Inc.: Okay. And so that the majority of that then is that IT or is that actual new testing machines or?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: Yeah. That is heavily IT driven.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup Inc.: And then I want to go to the guidance, I think I have the same math challenge as a few of us are having this quarter. But, your original guidance for the year, 474 to 490, you said 238 in the first half. So your -- if you take the original guidance plus the 238, it would have implied about 236 to 252 for the second half of the year. Your new guidance implies about $0.20 to $0.24 lower than that? If I look at the 50 basis points of bad debt, I get about $0.06. It looks like the revenue contribution is $0.05. So, I'm still kind of struggling to find, you know, the other dime that's coming out of the back half. And presumably, your original guidance would have, obviously assumed the weaker seasonal gross margins in the second half. So, does that making any expense at all, the numbers I've laid out, or why I'm still struggling for, it seems like guidance came down a bit more than would be implied by the bad debt increase and the revenue reduction?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: Gary, the only thing I would ask you to go back and look at is where you got the $0.06 from the revenue. Because, the way we look at the guidance too, is that there was a ramp in both our expectation as well as consensus expectation in revenue in the second half of the year. So I think coming down from that ramp over what we saw in the first half is driving a bigger number than you contributed there.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup Inc.: Do you think the dollar amount's bigger or the contribution margin, would you assume is lower?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the dollar amount is bigger.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup Inc.: I got that the new guidance would imply about 32 to 72 million below the street. And then another 12% net income margin so I got to that so
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: And we can spend some time after the call on more detailed model questions to help people work through that.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup Inc.: Sure. Then my last -- I'll take my shot at while beating the bad debt question. Is the $45 million charge, is that all related to the trailing 12 months? Or is there any component of that allocation?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: No, that's based on an increase in our allowance given our experience in the second quarter. So, there's a part of that that applies to the second quarter and a part of that that applies to the collectibility of our gross AR at 630.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup Inc.: Part of it's -- so, is any part of that related to -- and does any part of that potentially related to forward revenue, I guess is what I'm getting at?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: No, that would not be appropriate.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup Inc.: So if you take your 630 gross AR, then the 45 million only relates to trailing, so it's a question of how far of trailing that relates to?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: Well, it's trailing based on the experience we had in the second quarter, again and what we expect to happen to our 630 AR.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup Inc.: Yeah. So the -- disproportionately of the collection rate of the 2Q is getting applied to that bucket.
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: Yes. And then again the increase in our rate going forward and our initiatives gives us confidence that that's the right number going forward.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup Inc.: Right. If you look at the balance sheet allowance, percent of gross AR, it's down 300 basis points in '07 and I think 600 basis points since 2005. And the charge I'm guessing would increase the allowance by 400 to 500 basis points. So, I guess -- I mean, it sounds like really what's happening here is first the historic reserving model you've used, you now believe you need to assume a lower collection rate on the co-pay portion.
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: Gary, that coverage statistic is an interesting one. But I think it completely ignores the quality of the gross accounts receivable.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup Inc.: Right. Which kind of gets to my next point which is you guys don't disclose the mix of gross AR. So it's difficult to run, you know, analytics or for us to get as comfortable as you are in the AR. I know you don't disclose it but maybe I will register my unsolicited vote that we see some additional disclosure. My last question on this then is since the adequacy of the allowance versus the gross AR is exactly the issue at hand here. Can you give us the allowance for the 2Q and the 1Q? I think you only disclosed those in the K.
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We only disclose them in the K. That's correct.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup Inc.: So we're not going to the allowance percentage in the Q for the 2Q either?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup Inc.: Okay.
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And I would again go back to that is an interesting calculation, but again completely ignores the quality of the gross AR.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup Inc.: I couldn't agree more. I mean, if you follow the hospital stocks over the last few years, what they missed was they were watching ageing and not watching mix of AR. So we'd really love to be able to some of the mix so we can, have the same comfort level moving forward. But that will be it, I've spoken my peak. I appreciate it.
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Balaji Gandhi from Oppenheimer. Please proceed.
Balaji Gandhi - Oppenheimer: Hey good morning guys and most of might have questions have been answered, too. I guess this is just a follow-up.
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hello? Hello? Operator?
Operator: Yes, sir. I am here.
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hello? We lost the caller.
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: We lost the caller.
Operator: Okay, just a moment. I can't find him. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I'll transfer you. Please proceed.
Balaji Gandhi - Oppenheimer: Hello.
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hello.
Balaji Gandhi - Oppenheimer: A lot of time wait there just for one question and just a follow-up on what Gary said. Just on the revenue guidance you're taking down for the back half of the year. Any thoughts to kind of pricing strategies? You know, if the uninsured population is growing and thinking about maybe the list prices that you use, I assume there's a big gap between what your list prices are and negotiated managed care contracts. Is any of your revenue, changes in expectations reflect changes in pricing strategies?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Secretary: We've given obviously a lot of consideration to pricing strategies. Not only with the uninsured but also with the managed care and as you can see, price is up nicely in the first half of the year and now some of that contribution through the mix. We continue to think about ways in which we can improve our collection experience from the uninsured, and we continue to think about whether there is some opportunity to some of the hospital's done, for example, offering a lower price but requiring payment at the time of service. And those are things that we're going to continue to think about and look at and test as we move forward.
Balaji Gandhi - Oppenheimer: Okay. That's kind of what I was getting at. It's safe to say that the new guidance for the back half of the year doesn't reflect those strategies?
Brad Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It doesn't incorporate anything, because even to the extent that we pilot it and that it would be successful, I don't think we'd really see any major rollout and impact of it until, into Q4 if not the beginning of next year.
Balaji Gandhi - Oppenheimer: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. David King for closing remarks.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: We very much appreciate your joining us this morning. Hope you have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David P. King - CEO Bradford T. Smith - EVP of Corporate Affairs and Chief Legal Officer William B. Hayes - CFO, EVP, and Treasurer
Analysts: Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co. Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities Robert Willoughby - Banc of America Securities Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities Amanda Murphy - William Blair William Quick - Piper Jaffray Shelley Knoll - Goldman Sachs Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch James Star - Longview Asset Management Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Company
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Laboratory Corporation of America First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Savoya [ph] and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. David King, Chief Executive Officer. You may proceed, sir.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Savoya. Good morning and welcome to LabCorp's 2008 first quarter conference call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Smith, Executive Vice President Corporate affairs; Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Eric Lindblom, Senior Vice President, Investor and Media Relations. This morning we'll provide a review of our first quarter 2008 results, discuss our 2010 plan, and update you on achievements in key strategic areas during the quarter. Later in the call we'll review guidance for 2008 and cover a few anticipated questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Brad Smith who has a few comments before we begin.
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Chief Legal Officer: Before we begin I'd like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and internet. Please prefer to today's press release for replay information. This morning the company filed an 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analyst and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally we refer to today's press release for a reconciliation of EBITDA which is non-GAAP financial information discussed during this call. I would also like to point out that any forward-looking statements made during this conference call are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various important factors that could affect the company's financial results. These factors are set forth in detail in our 2007 10-K and subsequent filings. Now Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, and Treasurer: Thank you Brad. Our first quarter results are as follows; net sales increased 10.5% to $1103.2 million. Compared to the first quarter of 2007 testing volume measured by excessions increased 8.6% and price increased 1.9%. Excluding the consolidation of our Ontario Canada joint venture, revenue increased 4.1% with volume increasing 1.6% and price increasing 2.5%. Earnings per diluted share increased 16.3% to $1.14 versus $0.98 in the first quarter of 2007. EBITDA increased to $285.5 million or 25.9% of net sales compared to $260.5 million or 26.1% of net sales in the first quarter of 2007. The 20 basis point margin contraction reflects the impact of the consolidation of our Canadian joint venture business. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $176.5 million net of $13 million in transition payments to United Healthcare. In the quarter, the company was billed $9.6 million in transition payment. Today the company has been billed $47.9 million in transition payments with approximately $45 million paid. The $47.9 million billed represents the vast majority of claims activity through December 2007. DSO at the end of March was 58 days. During the first quarter we increased our bad debt rate which reduced our EBITDA margin by 20 basis points. The increase in our bad debt rate was a result of the increased patient responsibility to the higher deductibles and co-insurance combined with the impact we believe the economy is having on the collectibility of those balances. We are disappointed with the increase in the bad debt rate and continued to implement initiatives designed to improve our performance in this important area. At the end of March, the company had cash and short term investments of $50.1 million and $20 million in borrowings outstanding under our revolving line of credit. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $37.9 million which included several non-recurring instrument investments to enhance our laboratory platforms and performance. During the quarter the company repurchased $55.7 million worth of stock representing approximately 700,000 shares. Approximately $370.1 million of repurchased authorization remained under our approved share repurchase plan at the end of the quarter. We are pleased with our financial results for the quarter. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Brad. We had a very good first quarter. Our U.S. business grew 4.1% in challenging economic conditions adjusting for the effects of the loss of Aetna contract in the Easter Holiday. Our U.S. business grew healthy 6.2% in the quarter. Although volumes were below expectations, improved pricing and disciplined expense control led to both EBITDA and earnings per share growth. Before I discuss progress on our key areas of strategic focus I want to talk about our LabCorp 2010 plan. As you know we have invested substantial amounts over the past 10 years in standardizing our lab and billings systems, our laboratory instruments, and other key parts of our operations such as information technology. These investments have enabled us to become the most efficient provider in the industry. The 2010 plan is the next step in optimizing our enterprise to enhance company performance. When complete, the 2010 plan will provide a robust platform for continued organic growth and will facilitate integration of strategic acquisitions. It will allow us to enhance the customer experience, provide better tools to our valued employees, we invest some of our savings in growing the business and improve our overall efficiency. Think of the 2010 plan as the refinement of our existing platform so that it provides a broader and deeper foundation for sustainable long term growth. We are well into the process of improving our supply chain management and optimizing our logistics which have already generated substantial cost savings that are in our run rate. We have undertaken a number of pilot projects to test core concepts of the 2010 plan, refine assumptions, and develop precision around the investment and return estimates associated with the plan. Examples of the pilot projects underway include web based appointments and patient check in, self check in at patient service centers for walk in customers, real time decision support tools to ensure appropriate draws at the time of service, improved bar coding to reduce the number of human touches required to transport and process a specimen, robotic specimen preparation and splitting, and automated tube sorting at our laboratories. All of these tools are designed to improve customer service and extend our operational capabilities, allowing us to handle more volume with greater speed and accuracy. Again, because of our standardized platforms and systems, we will be able to take all of the tools that are successful in the pilot phase and rapidly deploy them through our entire network of facilities. Capital investment in the plant during 2008 will not be significant as we'll primarily fund these pilot projects and build out core foundational elements such as information system improvements. We expect to begin seeing returns on these investments in 2009, but believe it prudent to complete a thorough assessment of these critical pilot projects before providing estimates of the 2010 plans overall financial impact of the company. I would now like to bring you up-to-date on the progress the company is making towards achievement of our key strategic objectives. In managed care, our strategy of partnership continues to be successful. I'm pleased that year-over-year we've seen an increase in our United volumes. As you know Lab One becomes non-contracted in May of this year, providing us with an additional growth opportunity. We are pleased that Wellpoint, Cigna, Humana, and Horizon have shown year-over-year growth. Regarding Aetna, we continue to retain a significant amount of the business, demonstrating that physicians and patience continue to select LabCorp for innovation, quality, and convenience. All of our managed care partners have stressed the importance of redirecting work from higher cost labs to more efficient providers. This is a significant opportunity for us because approximately 80% of clinical laboratory services in the United States are performed by laboratories other than LabCorp and our principal competitor. We are working with our managed care partners on a number of initiatives that we believe will ultimately redirect work away from higher cost, less efficient providers. In science, LabCorp continues to lead the industry in the introduction of new capabilities when there is an unmet clinical need. During the first quarter we added two new tests in disciplines including, I am sorry we added ten new tests in disciplines including companion diagnostics, genetics, oncology, and toxicology. We also announced an exclusive license from OncoMethylome Sciences to perform commercial MGMT methylation laboratory testing services in the United States and Canada. MGMT methylation has been shown to be a common event in many cancers and is predictive of response to certain cancer therapies. We close our acquisition of Tandem Labs and we are pleased with its performance to date. We continue to believe that biomarker discovery and clinical trials will be critical to our long-term strategy of being the leading laboratory in personalized medicine and companion diagnostics. We remain excited about our partnerships with Affymetrix, Duke University and Yale University and we will keep you updated on the progress of the innovative tests that we are developing and offering through these relationships. We will continue to seek out new and important scientific discoveries and develop them through partnerships such these. Although I discussed our LabCorp 2010 plan earlier I want to remind you that the critical reason we are embarking on this project is to position ourselves for future growth and to better serve physicians and patients. We believe that we must help return physicians to their deserved central role in managing the health outcomes of their patients. Our leadership position in personalized medicine and companion diagnostics will bring the laboratory closer to doctors and their patients. We will provide educational and prognostic tools that will enable both doctors and patients to make more informed decisions about wellness and about the diagnosis, treatment, and monitoring of disease. This in turn will lead to better outcomes for patients and for our healthcare system. LabCorp for 2010 and our strategy for leadership in personalized medicine will provide the foundation for our valued employees to better serve our physician and patient customers. Now, I would like to review our guidance for 2008. Excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after March 31, 2008 our guidance for 2008 remains. Compared to 2007 LabCorp expects 2008 revenue growth of approximately 13.0% to 14.3%. EBITDA margins of approximately 25.6% to 26.0% of revenues, diluted earnings per share in the range of $4.74 to $4.90, operating cash flow of approximately $775 million to $800 million excluding any transition payments to United Healthcare, capital expenditures of approximately $120 million to $140 million, and net interest expense of approximately $66 million. We expect to achieve this growth through the following initiatives; organic growth and further shifts in our test mix particularly in our esoteric and genomic business, managed care opportunities previously discussed, contributions from acquisitions, and continued disciplined expense control. Now Brad Smith will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Chief Legal Officer: Thank you, Dave. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? At the end of March approximately 34% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric, and anatomic pathology categories. Our goal over the next three to five years is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 40% of revenue. Our ability to increase this percentage depends on factors such as continued adoption of existing esoteric tests, development and acceptance of new esoteric tests, acquisition and licensing opportunities, and the mix of our new business. Can you update us on your progress and image guided path in HPV? Adoption of the Tripath, Surepath system and Cytec ThinPrep imaging system by our physician clients continues to increase. By the end of the first quarter, image guided Pap screening was being repressive was approximately 61% of all liquid based Pap smears ordered. We continued to experience growth in primary screening HPV testing. During the first quarter of 2008, HPV testing increased approximately 11% versus the first quarter of 2007. What are your plans for uses of free cash flow during 2008? We remain committed to returning value to our shareholders. First, by using our free cash flow to grow our business through strategic acquisitions and licensing agreements and second, through continuing our improved share repurchase program. The acquisition market remains attractive with a number of opportunities to strengthen our scientific capabilities, grow our esoteric testing franchise, and increase our presence in key geographic areas. As you know, we purchased additional shares in our Ontario based Canadian joint venture and acquired Tandem Labs during the first quarter. We also made several smaller acquisitions. As Brad mentioned earlier, LabCorp repurchased $55.7 million worth of common stock during 2007. At the end of the quarter, $370.1 million remains under our proved share repurchase authorization. Have economic conditions affected your volumes? The clearest impact from the economy was in our drugs abuse testing business which during the quarter saw a 4% decline in volumes compared to quarter one of 2007. What is the status of the Medicare competitive bidding demonstration project? On April 8th, the Federal District Corp for the southern district of California, issued a preliminary injunction in joining the Medicare competitive bidding demonstration in San Diego, Carlsbad, and San Marcos. The preliminary injunction will remain in effect until there is a trial on the merits. The important findings of the court in connection with the ruling included first that the plaintiffs demonstrated a likelihood of irreparable harm both to laboratories and to patients and second that they were likely to win the trial on the merits of their claim that the agency improperly sought to implement the demo without proceeding through rule making under the administrative procedure act. The agency is currently reviewing the decision to determine what action it will take. Our traders organization, the American Clinical Laboratory Association or ACLA has contacted key Congressional staff to update them on the status of the litigation and to emphasize that the injunction does not eliminate the need for legislative appeal of the demo but bolsters the case for appeal, as the judges findings and conclusions in the preliminary order back up with the lab community has been arguing all along. We are continuing to work toward inclusion of a provision revealing the demonstration project. Now I would like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Brad. In summary we had a very good quarter and through continued focus on our strategic priorities we are well positioned for continued success. Thank you very much for listening, we are now ready to answer any questions you may have. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Art Henderson from Jefferies & Co. You may proceed sir.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Hi, good morning, nice quarter. Couple of questions for you, Dave or whoever can answer this one, your cost of goods as percentage of revenue declined and I assume that there is some cost savings initiatives that you guys are working through. This maybe tied to your LabCorp 2010 initiative. But can you could talk a little bit more about what you are doing there to kind of drive those costs down?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: The real reason for the decline in cost of good sold has to do with the Canadian consolidation and while we have a number of cost saving initiatives that are as you know both in the run rate from last year and part of the 2010 plan, I don't think they had any material impact on cost of goods sold in this quarter.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, do you have some... certain amount of cost savings embedded in your guidance here for the year.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: We've not... the guidance for the year doesn't include any additional cost savings beyond the $60 million that we told you we had saved through cost reduction efforts last year that are in the run rate for this year. Any further cost saving that we've recognized this year would be in addition to what we've guided to.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, that's helpful. And can you remind us again how much the drug testing business is of your revenue?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: In total its about 3% of revenue. So, we should have Brad read that question, we should have provided the clarification that although we did see a 4% year-over-year decline in the drug testing business, it is not material to our revenue or to our guidance.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Okay and you don't have any other sort of risk assessment revenues that could be impacted as well, do you?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: No, we do not.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, one last question and I will jump back in the queue. You talked a little bit about the uptick in bad debt expense, what are you doing to sort of address that issue and what should we think about in terms of the DSOs going forward? Thank you.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: We have a number of initiatives underway to improve collection of our bad... of our existing bad debt and I'll start out by saying that the fundamental bad debt issue is patient bad debt. The amount of bad debt from the government and from managed care and from the third party payers is minimal. So, we have patient bad debt that comes from two areas, one is original patient which is the uninsured population of the underinsured population. As you can see from the pie chart we provide that's in the range of 9% of revenue. Then the second component of patient bad debt is, bad debt that is originally billed to a third party such as managed care but then becomes patient responsibility through either deductibles or co-pays. And with the growth in high deductible plans we are seeing particularly in the first quarter of the year when people's deductibles reset, we are seeing more dollars going into that patient responsibility bucket. And that we think is somewhere in the range of 6% to 7% of total revenue. Now what are we doing to address the fact that patients are paying more slowly, we have initiated a number of projects for getting paying it from patients at the time of service. Unlike the pharmacy where the patient knows specifically and the pharmacist knows specifically at the time of service whether the drug is a formulary drug, how much the patient's co-payer deductible is, we don't have that information real time. So we are taking payment information from patients through credit cards, debit cards, HSA cards or otherwise in patient service centers to be able to build patient responsibility after service. We also have initiated a number of programs around creating additional incentives for our frontline employees to collect past balances from patients when they present at our patient service centers and overtime we'll be moving those tools into physician office for placements as well. And then of course, eventually as we get to the self checking and the kiosk and the web checking we will be able to handle all of that directly with the patient without immediate human intervention. And of course we have our standard process of collection through letters to patients, outgoing phone calls, and various other techniques that we use to secure payment of patient balances. Brad Hayes has some additional comments.
William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, and Treasurer: And Art, this is Brad. On your DSO question I expect to see DSO in the mid 50s. We historically see a tick up in the first quarter, so we think of it sort of in a normal state basis being in the mid 50s.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, great. That's very helpful. Thanks a lot.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein from Lehman Brothers. You may proceed sir.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Great, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Just a few questions here. Maybe just talk a little bit more about volumes. I guess, as we look at the volumes excluding the consolidation of Canada, it was a little bit lower than what I would have thought. I just wanted to get more clarity there and then converse to the pricing was stronger than I would have thought. So, just wanted to get you to provide some more details?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Obviously we had some impact from the loss of the Aetna contract because that's going to be annualizing this quarter and next quarter and that was approximately 1.5% of volume. And then we think Adam that were was probably somewhere in the range of 6/10th of a percent due to the impact of the Easter holiday falling in the first quarter versus the second quarter. So if you add those back in, then we end up instead of at 1.6, we end up at about 3.7 volume growth. And then in terms of pricing, we're getting some positive pricing impact obviously from the annualization of price reductions last year as well as small positive impact for pricing improvements that are built into contracts that rolled over at the first of the year. And we're continuing to see positive pricing as a result of mix. One of the comments that Brad Smith made with HPV being up 11%, primary HPV screening being up 11% year-over-year, obviously, that's the driver, both the volume and price, and that's affected by the fact that it looks like that number declined but again if you look at that number in light of the Easter holiday, we still think HPV's testing both in terms of volume and prices continuing to grow very, very robustly.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Thanks for the details. Maybe one quick follow up question here, so, you know as we think about the U&H contract that you guys have been at the run rate for a while, so Dave, you said that there is still growth there and then you talked about the Lab One piece coming on, but just curious, is there a price escalator that kicks in at some point later in the year. So, just how do we think about the pricing for that business?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: There is a contractual price escalator that does take effect later in 2008 in the United contract, yes.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thank you very much.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from UBS. You may proceed, sir.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: Good morning.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: Just some follow-up questions. On the bad debt expense side, can you give us a little bit more detail as far as the slow down in collection. Are you seeing it more in specific geographic region or potentially seeing it more in kind of the esoteric test valid and routine i.e. that are kind of more high priced different items?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: We haven't seen anything geographically or test mix base. What we have just seen is a general slowing in patient collections combined as I mentioned with the resetting of deductibles in January that more dollars are going into the deductible bucket and patient collections are coming in at a slower pace. I will say, I mean, if you look at the raw numbers year-over-year we are continuing to collect a higher percentage of the total patient responsibility than we collected in 2007. But the patient responsibility bucket is growing faster than our collection success is growing and that's the real reason behind the bad debt increase.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: And then on the volume side, obviously when you add back Aetna it gets you to around 3.1% but do you think that there is some softness in volume as a result of the economy as well as you are saying that's not related. And also if you can comment on what's the impact you are seeing on volumes from Cigna?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: I absolutely think there is an impact on volume from the economy. I think it would be nave to think otherwise. We've gone out and spoken with large customers and a substantial majority of them say that they are seeing fewer patients. And when physicians are seeing fewer patients we are going to be being seeing lower volumes. So, again I think it would be nave to think that given the current economic conditions and given the way that consumers are being affected that it not gone have an impact on our volumes. That said we think there are still substantial opportunities to grow volume, the managed care opportunities that we discussed, continued focus in our sales force on the attractive opportunities in the marketplace particularly esoteric testing, attractive opportunities in key markets such as the Northeast, such as Chicago, such as California, and our continued focus on hospital redirection. On Cigna Ricky we are seeing year-over-year increase in volumes and I would describe it as consistent with kind of the mid-range of our expectations. So I think that there is still more upside for us with Cigna. We are happy with where we are but I still think there is more opportunity to excel there.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: Thank you
Operator: And the next question from Robert Willoughby from Banc of America Securities. You may proceed.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Buenos dias.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America Securities: Oh, yeah. Hey Dave, if you look at... I'm trying to just grasp the drug testing business, its never been go, go, growth or unmitigated disaster though I'd probably lean one way on that business. Are you billing the employers directly for that service, I'm trying to figure out what the synergy for you to be in there from a customer stand point would be.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we typically bill the employer directly for the service. And the reason it's a good business Bob is that the... while the pricing is not as favorable as the overall business, the leverage in the business is that it takes advantage of our existing gross stations, our existing logistics, our existing infrastructure, and to some extent, our existing laboratory network and logistics network. So, unlike our principle competitors that just do drugs of abuse testing work or do substantially drugs of abuse testing work who have to pay other people to do contract draws, you have to pay other people for logistics. That's all just bolted right on top of our existing system and that's why the business even in... we have seen healthy volume growth over the last couple of years but even in circumstances like this one where volume is off, the business is still a nice business for us.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America Securities: And would you argue the same then for kind of prison testing and forensics in paternity or is there at some point a competitor who would pay you more maybe to get you out of those businesses?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Well I think forensics and paternity we like the business, we have never taken a very aggressive position on prison testing because there the pricing is historically extremely low and the hassle factor of doing the testing and collecting it and transporting it is relatively high. So we're always looking for opportunities to grow in strategic areas and strategic opportunities and we're always also looking at are there opportunities to refocus our business on areas where we can see greater growth.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America Securities: Okay, thank you.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ralph Giccobbe from Credit Suisse. You may proceed.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse: Thanks, good morning. Just in terms of bad debt, I may have missed it but so going forward this sort of 5% level seems like its sort of here to stay at least for the rest of this year, is that fair?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: I think that's fair. Obviously we're going to be... we are going to continue to be aggressive in coming up with ideas and finding ways to pursue better patient collections and certainly we want to see that bad debt number decrease. But we also have to be realistic that if the consumer continues to be affected by the economy where there's a house payment and a car payment and a credit card payment, the lab payment is not necessarily rising to the top of the pile Ralph. So, I think its realistic to think about this as continuing probably throughout the year.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse: And what about I guess, you sort of commented that you increased the reserve going forward. I mean is there a risk that the increase is sort of significantly from current level, I mean what is the risk in that I guess?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: I don't think there's a risk that increases significantly. I mean this, we've had a very successful historic run of reducing bad debt from the 12% range to the 5% range, and I don't see bad debt returning to any significantly higher level.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay, that's helpful. And then, I guess, is there something we need to keep in mind and as we head toward the rest of the year, effectives you guys comfort and sort of maintain that top line guidance because I guess even after adding back at then Easter the revenue run rate if you will is a little bit lower than that 13 to 14 in change percent growth that you have in your guidance. So I guess what should we expect in the back half of the year that should get us a little more, sort of comfortable in that rang given your comments around the economy, etcetera?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Well, honestly there is opportunity as lab one goes out of the contract and there is opportunity to continue to grow these managed care opportunities. We have a very focused sales force on volume growth, and we have a number of activities underway to make sure that we continue to have the sales force focused on volume growth and on capitalizing on the opportunities from significant sized accounts where currently we are getting some of the volume but not all of the volumes. We continue to think we have opportunities in some key markets as I mentioned in the North East, Chicago, St. Louis, California where we are again going to focus on the growth opportunities and particularly in the ability to sell esoteric and genomic testing to existing accounts. And we continue to work with the managed care partners on hospital redirection which we think is as they are looking for opportunities to reduce their overall spend, they have to be they have to have an increasing level of seriousness about moving work out of the higher price less efficient providers into the more efficient providers. So, I we are not changing our top line guidance. We still feel very comfortably with it. It would be easier if the economy were not where it is, but we are very determined to deliver on those numbers.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. Can you remind us if there is any thing from Sierra built into your guidance?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: There is nothing from Sierra built into the guidance.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then my last one just is there a timeframe from when you will quantity LabCorp to any time?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Yes there is. And I had hoped that we would be able to have some quantification on this call, but I as I think I have said to you and to a number of other people who have asked I mean I feel very, very strongly that we have to have a very solid, precise and detailed number supported by a very solid, precise and detailed plan. And I have seen a precise and detailed plan. I don't think we are at the number yet. Certainly by the time we talk to you again in the call at the end of the next quarter we will have precise and detailed numbers.
Ralph Giccobbe - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you very much.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello from Wachovia. You may proceed.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Thanks, good morning.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Couple of follow-up questions. The first one just has to do with the trends that we're seeing out of some of the large insurers. It looks like we're seeing pretty healthy enrollment growth at Aetna and pretty substantial enrollment declines at United, and then within the united growth that they do have it tends to be in some of these higher deductible sort of patients directed kinds of products. And so, I am just curious as you think about where your contracts are with the large payers? Whether you are concerned at all that that those enrollment trends could have some kind of a noticeable or meaningful impact on your volume growth going forward?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Bill I don't see the changes in enrollment, at least the ones that I have read about as being big enough to really move the needle for us one way or the other. And, with respect to growth in Aetna lives, we had some thoughts about ways in which we can address that that we are already in the process of implementing. So, I don't look at what I consider I mean obviously the managed care plants are never happy to lose lives, but I don't look at what I see as being some loss of lives by the larger plants as the margins is having any great impact on our overall volumes.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And then the second question is again on the bad debts which is sort coming at it a little bit different and was helpful that you had clarified that you are actually seeing an improvement in the collections. I guess I am wondering if you can give us any color around the kind of assumptions that you make on sort of what you collect on dollar for a patient's out of pocket component on the co-insurance or deductible and maybe when a patient is just a 100% responsible for the bill, what kind of assumptions you may?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Chief Legal Officer: Hey Bill, this is Brad. I'm not going to give out the specific assumptions but we do make that delineation and the co-paid deductible folks tend to pay at a greater rate than the uninsured folks. And we are able to split out our experience that way and model and estimate that way.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And I mean how confident are you around those numbers? I mean, obviously the hospital guys that was a huge chunk of their bad debt problem. I mean part of that was the growth in the uninsured but a huge part was they just way over estimated how much of that out of pocket they could collect and how much of the uninsured they could collect. I mean how comfortable are you that you are estimating that collection appropriately?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Chief Legal Officer: Well, it's based on history. So, we have a pretty good historical database that tells us what we have collected. The trick would be anticipating any changes economically that could impact that number. So, I don't think we are starting out from scratch on our thinking and self-paid because it really started to take shape in the late night 90s to early 2000s. As Dave mentioned earlier I think it has grown in terms of what is going to the patient. So, again we have some good history. The challenging part would be to estimate any changes in that experience based on external factors.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And then just to one of the questions that was asked earlier. I mean, I guess I'm not sure that I understand if we are only one quarter into sort of another big increase and move towards out of pocket expenditures, a lot of those people probably haven't even been to the doctor yet or etcetera. I mean why wouldn't we think that you would see some upward pressure on that bad debt number that the mix would sort of continue to get worse?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Chief Legal Officer: Well, again the initiatives and they always have been designed to have those headwinds offset by the help from the initiatives. And without going into great detail we have some that are taking place that are being fully implemented in the first quarter that we think will be able to offset anything that we might see.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Okay. That's helpful. And then, the only other question just is the tax rate in the quarter. It was a little bit higher I guess than sort of what we had expected and that might have just been their modeling, but was there anything unusual all about the tax rate this quarter?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Chief Legal Officer: Nothing unusual. I think on the year-over-year basis it was very consistent. It's probably up from the fourth quarter, but if you look at how last year went with the adoption of FIN48, we have some the way that happens is pretty much higher in the first, two to three quarters and then as adjusted in the fourth.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Yes, that's helpful. Thank you.
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Chief Legal Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy from William Blair. You may proceed.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of quick questions. In terms of the hospital redirection, have you seen any additional interest on how plans in terms of implementing specific benefits to the plan changes in 2009?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we've seen interest from health plans in both the benefit design and also use of tiered co-pay and deductible structure. So, this is an area that we are getting a lot of attention from our managed care partners on, and then we're going to expect to see some progress in the back half of the year and into 2009.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair: Okay, and then how about your efforts to educate employers this year and next year, how is that progressing?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Well, the process of educating employers is a collaborative process with the managed care plan. So, we have initiatives underway with a couple of large employers to cooperate with them or collaborate with them in educating the employees about the additional cost of testing at the higher price providers. But again I think the real opportunity here continues to be as we design specific programs with our managed care partners to be able to jointly educate employers and employees about the additional cost of testing, going through the higher cost providers.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair: Okay, thank you.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Bill Quick from Piper Jaffray. You may proceed.
William Quick - Piper Jaffray: Great, thanks. Good morning.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, and Treasurer: Hi.
William Quick - Piper Jaffray: Given the impact of the incremental United Health price benefits later this year, is it reasonable to assume that's the positive pricing benefits in terms of first quarter is sustainable through the balance for the year?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Well, we always desire positive pricing and with both I don't want you to think that just because there is an increase build into United Healthcare that that has an overall significant impact on pricing. Because if you think about the total, our total book of business managed care in total is less than half and if you have a price increase with one managed care plan it's not enough to drive pricing across the whole book of business. But that said, I mean we are on the one hand we don't get price increases from the uninsured patients, and we don't get price increases from the government. We have some price increases build in with managed care contracts. We have some price positive priced opportunity with our client billing book and then we have the positive impact of mix. So we have annualized most of the price reductions other than the Cigna reduction which annualizes in July, and we do think we'll see positive pricing throughout the year.
William Quick - Piper Jaffray: Understood. And then I know you probably do not want to get down this granular, but to the extent that non presumably your contract business help downturn pricing of some type of indication as whether or not there was a significant contributor or not?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: It's not a significant contributor to overall price growth.
William Quick - Piper Jaffray: Understood. Thanks very much.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Mathew Borsch from Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Shelley Knoll - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Thanks for taking our question this is Shelley Knoll in for Matt Borsch this morning. Just a couple of more follow-ups on the bad debts issue, to help us kind of understand how the economy might impact demand for lab testing? Could you describe the average commercial insert patients? What they are paying for a lab test as far as is it a percent of the cost? This is not the high deductible health plan. This is the average just what is the average co-pay or deductible for a lab test?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: I don't think I could really answer that question in a meaningful way because it depends on what tests are ordered and how many tests are ordered. Just in the first quarter of the year with the high deductible plans, basically everything is going to patient responsibility. And then that's the reality until you get up to a $1,000 or $1,500. And that's the deductible. Now the co-pay fees depends plan by plan and also depends on the amount that's the amount of testing that's ordered. It's not unusual that a patient has a 20% co-pay or a 30% co-pay from lab testing services but it depends on what the overall services are to be able to figure out with the co-pay is.
Shelley Knoll - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And do you have any sense of what mix of your commercially injured patients are in high deductible health plans?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: We don't have anything other than anecdotally. I believe it's increasing certainly, our employees here at LabCorp there is an increasing number and percentage that are high deductible plans, and I suspect that's true of most large employers.
Shelley Knoll - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And on the... sort of another side of the story, can you tell us what your self-pay mix is, the uninsured mix and maybe what it was last quarter?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: It's consistently about 9% of revenues and I don't think that it's materially changed quarter-over-quarter.
Shelley Knoll - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then I think you just answered this question, but you are not assuming in your revenue guidance out payer mix changed to as I guess maybe as we see some job loss, you are not assuming that self-pay mix increase with benefit revenue growth?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: No, we are not.
Shelley Knoll - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then, just one final follow-up on the revenue guidance, given this deeper ramp in the later part of the year, I understand the guidance incorporates since small scale acquisitions. Is that reflected in the revenue growth number?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Our guidance always includes some revenue growth as result of fold-in acquisitions. So, it doesn't include any major acquisitions, but there is always some acquisition impact and in our top line revenue growth. Yes.
Shelley Knoll - Goldman Sachs: And is that part of what helps you think that that the affirmed revenue guidance maybe reflects acquisitions in the later part of the year?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Shelley Knoll - Goldman Sachs: Okay, okay, great. Thank you. That's it for questions.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci from Merrill Lynch. You may proceed.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Just wanted to clarify a couple of things if I could. First, I think you had said earlier that your collections of patients of sort of the so called patient's direct bucket are getting better but the bucket is growing. So, what's the size of that bucket this year versus last year?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'm not going to talk about the specific size of the bucket but
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Well, maybe not dollar but in terms of percent of the business or something?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Yes. In terms of percent of the business, the total percent of revenue that comes from patient, if you add the 9% uninsured and the 6% or 7% that's patient responsibility through managed care; it's about 15% or 16%.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: And then last year it might have been, you said the nine is pretty steady, so the 6 to 7 was less?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: It's probably up about 1% of that managed care over to page it original managed care because over the patient is probably up 0.5% or 1% year-over-year.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then what percent of your volume is going through your PSE's these days?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: It depends on the State in States where in office phlebotomy is prohibited. It's probably in the 30% to 40% range that would be Florida and New York, Pennsylvania and several others that I can't name of the top of my head, California. In States where in office Phlebotomy is permitted, it's probably more in the range of 20%.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: So, on average it's maybe in the range of?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: I would say probably 20%, 25% total.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Okay. I'm just taking that's probably the place where you have the best ability to sort of get that upfront information at banks.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: I would say there an also with the in-office Phlebotomies replaced in the doctors office which actually is one of the we've had significant growth in in-office Phlebotomy over the last couple of years. So, that's another opportunity where we see the patient face-to-face.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Those are LabCorp's phlebotomist in the doctor's office?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Yes. And if you add those together you are probably are close to half the patients are seen by our LabCorp employee even either in a patient service centre or in a doctor's office.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's great. In terms of the volume I think you got up to about 3.7% when you add back some of the negatives, maybe just trying to really get an understanding of organic volume. I know you didn't do any big acquisitions but you did a bunch of small ones overtime. So what is that adds to your volumes that 3.7 number that we are talking about before?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Say it again. I'm sorry. I didn't quite catch it. What is the
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Well, I'm just wondering what contribution of acquisition was the volume growth. I know you didn't do any big deal last year but you did a bunch over the course of the year, so just trying to get more of that organic number. So you took your 1.6% volume is sort of added back and impact of Aetna adding back the negative impact of Easter and got 3.7. I am wondering what that would be if you haven't done any acquisitions over the course of last year?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Chief Legal Officer: Hey Tom, this is Brad. We are not breaking it out that way but I think about that acquisition activities is probably in terms of number was greater but in terms of size, I wouldn't expect it to be that much greater than what we would have expected to see in our performance.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: So, all together they didn't even grow half a percent of volume?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Chief Legal Officer: Well,I think they may have been that.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then on the acquisition front, you mentioned I guess in response to the last question or two probably expecting deals over the course of this year. How are you seeing sort of the availability out there and the pricing? And is there any particular geographic or niche that we should be thinking about you are focusing?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: I would say the availability is high; there is a lot of sale. The pricing is high and so we are going to be very selective about what we are interested in. In terms of a particular geography, I don't think there's anything that jumps of the page at us. We're always looking to enhance our infrastructure and places where we feel that we're under represented. So, again some of the large markets that I discussed earlier, California, St. Louis, Chicago, the North East outside of New York and New Jersey, I mean those are places that we certainly would think about acquisition opportunity. In terms of niches, I mean we did some esoteric acquisitions last year in the coagulation area, in endocrinology area. We like those businesses. We think they are very attractive and continue to look at them. I would say, the anatomic pathology business, there's quite a bit for sale. It's richly priced and so that's going to be somewhat of a constraint on our willingness to make further significant acquisitions there.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then one last question, I think you mentioned about $48 million of United related transition payments billed to-date. What were your expectations there as we think about the next year dealing with that total number might be given sort of the trends you've seen?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Well, we haven't changed the expectation this quarter. And, so I think the number that we're looking to is in the $115 million to $120 million range. Now, if you look at the first year and you say well the first year was 50, 115 to 120 to me seem nothing as 115 seems to have some conservatism and built into it because the trend is clearly downward and as I think we mentioned I mean in the fourth quarter, we were billed $9.6 million, so less than 10. And we continue to see the trend going downward and we view that as a positive.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks for the color.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of James Star Longview Asset Management. You may proceed. Mr. Star, your line is opened. If you would like to ask a question please unmute your phone.
James Star - Longview Asset Management: Yes.
Operator: Mr. Star, do you have a question?
James Star - Longview Asset Management: Yes. Can you hear me?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Yes we can hear you.
James Star - Longview Asset Management: Okay. Sorry about that. Good morning, when do you see the managed care deeper service price per acquisition trend leveling out or stopped declining?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: I think the decline Jamie in the first quarter is basically mix related rather than price related as we've taken a preliminary look at it. So, I don't think we are seeing real price declines there. I think we are just seeing a small change in mix and I think the total decline there was $0.25 or so. So, we expect to see that turn in the positive direction going into the second quarter and going forward.
James Star - Longview Asset Management: Great. Okay, thanks.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from UBS. You may proceed.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: Yes, just a few follow-up questions. First of all, as far as bad debt expense, what percent of bad debt expense percent of revenue is embedded into guidance?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Well, we know we didn't guide the bad debt for the year. So, but obviously we didn't, when we gave guidance we did not anticipate increasing bad debt. So, what you can see in the quarter Ricky is that through control of other expenses we were able to offset the impact of the bad debt increase and that's what we expect to be able to do throughout the year. So, to answer the question directly, we are not reducing guidance because of the increase in bad debt.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: So, would it be fair to say that as long as you have other way to door, to offset the increase in the cost that you feel comfortable within the guidance range. Are you doing and that's for moving parts for you to maintain guidance?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: Okay. And then, just as far as the exposure to States where patients actually go to your patients at service centers, full services for the total LabCorp in terms of market share, do you have more exposures to States where phlebotomist are permitted in physician offices?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: I don't have the list off the top of my head the vast majority of states permit phlebotomist in physician offices. We have obviously for those states that do not permit it. We have a substantial market share in Florida. We have a substantial market share now and then in the New York metro, we've always had a substantial market share in upstate New York. We have a reasonable market share in Pennsylvania. We have a very little on Rhode Island which I think is on that list, and you know California, we have a decent business but we're clearly not the largest provider there.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: So is it basically to States that don't allow for those experiences to physician just to patients in manage care? Are those in States?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: No. I think New Jersey and New York are the major and non-direct bill and California's anti markup. But there is not complete congruence.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: Okay. Is New Jersey another state where Phlebotomists are not permitted?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: No they are permitted in New Jersey.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: Yes, okay. And then lastly as far as the given guidance, what are your assumptions regarding to biology reimbursement in the second half of the year? Are you assuming that Congress basically allows for the just about the physician fee schedules to remain unchanged into the second half?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Yes. The guidance assumes that the physician fee scheduled fix gets implemented in July.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: Okay,great. Thank you.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kemp Dolliver from Cowen & Co. You may proceed.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Company: Hi, thanks. Couple of questions, first, any sense as you look back, say back to 2000-2001, what's the mix of your patient responsibility dollars would have been compared to this 15% to 16% mix now?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Because of the I mean the company was a very different size then and it was a very different managed care environment. I think it's not meaningful to do those comparisons Kemp. I mean what I would say is that the patient responsibility bucket for managed care has been growing and we look at it regularly obviously. And it has been growing. It continues to grow largely as a result of the plant designed. And we don't see any likely near-term change in that trend.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Company: Okay. And just to be clear you indicated that your self-pay collections are up but that the obligations are up more so, at least initially the rate of collection might is down a bit?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So, the bucket is growing although we are doing a better job collecting and we are collecting a greater percentage of what's going into the bucket. The bucket is growing faster than the increase in our rate of collections.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Company: Okay. I guess it still sounds like the dollars collateral are still lagging even though you are making some progress.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I would agree with that. I mean if you think about it this way if $100 goes into the patient bucket and we collect and I am making up the numbers. So, please understand I'm making up the numbers. And we collect 30% of it, we collected $30. If $200 goes into the patient bucket and we collect the 32% of it, right, we collected a higher percentage but we had more write-offs because the bucket was bigger.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Company: Okay right. Okay, it seems to me a percentage in the absolute dollar amount.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Right. And that's the position we are in. We are doing better job in terms of a percentage of what's going into that bucket which means we are collecting more absolute dollars. But what's going in there is growing faster.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Company: Understood. Separate question is with Sierra any sense of timing from United at this point with regard to when they think they will be able to at least give you some sense of your plans?
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: We don't have a sense of timing. My understanding is that they are in a standstill situation until this spin-off of some of that work, whatever they have to spin-off to Humana is completed. And so we don't have a sense of when that timing is going to occur.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Company: Okay.My last question related to the histology business. The revenue per session there is up year-over-year, but it looks like it's balanced around. Is that just a function of the mixed quarter-to-quarter?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Chief Legal Officer: Kemp, this is Brad. The mix as well as the contract changes. So, for example in the year-over-year we don't have the Aetna contract and that line I think was disproportionately impacted by the Aetna contract change. So, you see volume down but price up.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Company: Got you.Thank you. Thank you.
Operator: And there is no further questions in the queue. I will turn the call back to Mr. David King for closing remarks.
David P. King - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much. Thank you all for listening to our first quarter conference call. We hope you have a great day.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the presentation for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David P. King - President, CEO, Director Bradford T. Smith - EVP of Corporate Affairs, Chief Legal Officer, Secretary William B. Hayes - CFO, EVP, Treasurer
Analysts: Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co. Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc. Andrea Alfonso - Merrill Lynch Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Co. Andreas Dirnagl - JP Morgan Securities
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2007 Laboratory Corporation of America Earnings Conference Call. My name is Daniel and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. And we will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over Mr. David King, Chief Executive Officer. Please precede Sir.
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thank you Daniel. Good morning and welcome to LabCorp's fourth quarter conference call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Smith, Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs, Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer and Eric Lindblom, Senior Vice President of Investor and Media Relations. This morning we will provide a review of our fourth quarter and year-to-date 2007 results, and update you on achievements in key strategic areas during the quarter. Later in the call we will update guidance for 2008 and cover a few anticipated questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Brad Smith who has a few comments before we begin.
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs, Chief Legal Officer, Secretary: Before we begin, I would like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and Internet. Please refer to today's press release for replay information. This morning the company filed an 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our web site to reviewed this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to today's press release for a reconsideration of EBITDA, which is non-GAAP financial information discussed during this call. I would also like to point out that any forward-looking statements made during this conference call are based upon current expectations and are subject to change, based upon various important factors that could affect company's financial results. These factors are set forth in detail in our 2007 10-K and subsequent filings. Now Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer: Thank you Brad. Our fourth quarter results are as follows. Net sales increased 11.9% to $1,005.8 million. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2006, testing volume measured by the accessions increased 11% and price increased 0.9%. We estimate that net sales increased by approximately 5 percentage points due to our agreement with UnitedHealthcare. Before restructuring and other special charges recorded in the fourth quarter of 2007 and 2006, earnings per diluted share increased 22.4% to $1.04 for the fourth quarter versus $0.85 in the fourth quarter of 2006. During the quarter, our estimate of the impact of the fires in San Diego and weather related events resulted in a reduction in EPS of $0.01. During the quarter, we recorded a restructuring charge of $12.3 million. The charge related primarily to the closure of underutilized facilities as well as cost related to further reductions in our work force, including the [inaudible] downsizing. We continue to take actions to ensure that our capacity and capabilities remain aligned with our volumes and service requirements. As we act on cost reduction opportunities, they are identified going forward, there likely will be similar restructuring charges. EBITDA increased 13.6% to $258.7 million or 25.7% of net sales compared to $227.7 million and 25.3% of net sales in the fourth quarter of 2006. Operating cash flow for the quarter, net of $8.7 million in transition payments to UnitedHealthcare, was $240.4 million. Through the end of the year, the company had been built $38.3 million in transition payments related to our agreement with UnitedHealthcare with approximately $32 million paid. The $38.3 million billed, represents the vast majority of claims activity through September. Leakage continues to run significantly below the $200 million maximum, and we remain extremely proud of this performance. DSO at the end of December was 56 days. At the end of December, the company had cash and short-term investments of $166.3 million and no borrowings outstanding under our revolving line of credit. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $34 million. During the quarter, the company repurchased $403.4 million worth of stock representing 5.8 million shares. Approximately $425.8 million of repurchase authorization remained under our approved share repurchase plan at the end of the year. Now I'd like to review our year-to-date results. Net sales increased 13.3% to $4,068.2 million compared to the prior year, testing volumes measured by accessions, increased 12.3% and price increased 1%. We estimate that net sales increased by 6.6 percentage points due to our agreement with UnitedHealthcare. Before restructuring and other special charges recorded through the fourth quarter of 2007 and 2006, earnings per diluted share increased 26.7% to $4.18 for 2007 versus $3.30 in 2006. EBITDA was a $1,071.3 million, or 26.3% of net sales in 2007 compared to $935.7 million in 2006 or 26.1% of net sales. Operating cash flow for the year, net of $32 million in transition payments to UnitedHealthcare was $709.7 million compared to $632.3 million in 2006. During 2007, the company repurchased $924.2 million worth of stock representing 13.1 million shares. We are very pleased with our financial results for the quarter and the year. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thank you, Brad. We had a strong fourth quarter with volumes up 11% and price up 0.9%. We are very pleased with both our UHC growth and our non-UHC growth. We also grew earnings per share by 22.4% in the quarter, grew our EBITDA margin by 40 basis points and grew operating cash flow significantly. We knew that 2007 was going to be a year of transition for LabCorp and the industry. Indeed it was a watershed year. We significantly grew our business increasing revenue by 13.3%, expanding EBITDA margins by 20 basis points, increasing earnings per share by 26.7% and growing operating cash flow by over $75 million. We also expanded our national footprint by strengthening our presence in the Northeast, Chicago, St. Louis, and other key markets building a solid foundation for profitable future growth. And we continue to lead the industry in quality, innovation and convenience. Before I discuss our progress on our key areas of strategic focus, I want to talk about two important initiatives in which we are engaged and one significant development relating to our financial reporting. First, we have embarked on the three-year plan called LabCorp 2010 that was build on the foundation we have created for future growth. As many of you know LabCorp invested significant sums during the 1990s to standardize our instruments as well as our lab and billing information systems. This standardization distinguishes us from our competitors because among other things we can move more freely among laboratories and our results can be used longitudinally in accessing a patient's condition and disease progression. It also gives us the opportunity to improve the efficiency of our operations, because what we do in one facility can be easily replicated in all of our other facilities. LabCorp 2010 will drive growth by providing improved tools to our valued employees, increasing automation in the pre-analytical process using robotics in the laboratory, optimizing logistics and allowing better management of our supply chain. We are finalizing the schedule and financial measures for the 2010 project and we will update you on those items as well as our progress in succeeding calls. Our second initiative is our commitment to being a leading clinical laboratory in a rapidly evolving field of personalized medicine. We have shown this commitment in the acquisition of Tandem Labs, which we expect to close in this quarter and then our continuing investment in our rapidly growing clinical trails business. Our intent here is to partner with pharmaceutical companies in developing diagnostics that will help to ensure the drugs are safe, effective and correctly dosed for the people taking them. You can also see this commitment in our decision to expand our Litholink kidney stone management program into other disease states, collaborating with doctors and patients to identify and treat chronic diseases that can be identified and appropriately managed through proper use of laboratory medicine. We are excited about the opportunity in personalized medicine, which we see as an increasingly important segment of health care. Finally, I would like to explain the accounting treatment of our Ontario joint venture. We previously accounted for this joint venture as equity income, so we did not record revenue or expense associated with this business. In January, we acquired additional partnership units and we will now consolidate these operations. This is the second largest lab in Canada and has been a positive contributor to our results over the years. The management team is well tested and anxious to grow this business in 2008 and beyond. Because our results include the consolidation of this joint venture for the first time, we've outlined our 2008 guidance both pre and post consolidation in our press release. Going forward we will report consolidated results. I would now like to bring you up-to-date on the progress the company is making towards achievement of our key strategic objectives. All national managed care plans except that have been re-contracted and none are due for renewal until the end of 2009. We've also re-contracted with our major regional plans. Although the industry remains as competitive as ever, we see clear opportunities to grow our managed care business in 2008. With the end of the Cigna marketing restrictions, we can now tell physicians in all of Cignas major markets that we are fully contract provider. With United we continue to see volume increases and in May 2008 LabOne becomes non-contracted. We will vigorously pursue this business. We're also focused on improving pull-through, especially as we gain entrance into additional plans and markets with other payers. With our strategic partners at Wellpoint, we are working on innovative projects that we believe will help them improve patient outcomes and reduce costs. Finally, all of our managed care partners have stressed the importance of redirecting work from higher cost labs to more efficient providers. This is a significant opportunity for us as 80% of clinical laboratory services in the United States are performed by laboratories other than LabCorp and our principal competitor. We are working with our managed care partners on a number of initiatives that we believe will begin to redirect work away from higher costs, less efficient providers. In science, LabCorp continues to lead the industry in the introduction of new capabilities where there is an unmet clinical need. During the fourth quarter we added new 10 new tests in disciplines including genetics, oncology, infectious disease, and coagulation. Additionally in 2008 we've already achieved several milestones in science, including an exclusive licensing agreement with Duke University to commercialize Duke's new blood based assay for early detection of lung cancer. There were over 174,000 new cases of lung cancer in 2006 and 164,000 deaths. Although imaging technologies have approved the ability to detect lung cancer, this test can complement current diagnostic methods by stratifying patients who may require more aggressive follow-up treatment and monitoring. If all goes well this test would be on the market in early 2009. The availability of an ultra high-density micro ray based on the Affymetrix Whole-Genome sampling technology. LabCorp first offered comparative genomic hybridization testing in 2005 and this enhanced test will offer unparalleled resolution for the detection of mental retardation, developmental delay, autism and other clinically significant genetic changes. In breast cancer we completed validation studies on the molecular estrogen receptor and progesterone receptor assays and the testing is now available. This is significant because of recent concerns about the accuracy, lack of standardization, and reproducibility of immunohistochemistry assays for these markers among smaller laboratories. Also in breast cancer we have made progress on the analytical and clinical validation of the prognosis signature assay with several of our study presented at National breast cancer meetings. We expect to complete these validations soon and hope to launch this test in the mid to latter part of 2008. As I mentioned earlier, on January 24th we announced a definitive agreement to acquire Tandem Labs. A leading bioanalytical and immunoanalytical CRO supporting pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with discovery, pre-clinical and clinical drug development programs. This acquisition will advance our leadership position in the laboratory and drug development industries and solidifies LabCorp's position as the premier laboratory in companion diagnostics. We expect this acquisition to close in the first quarter. It is not included in our guidance and we do not expect it to have a material impact on end [ph] year EPS. We continue to improve and refine our processes to deliver on our customer promise as part of our customer focused culture. I am pleased that our customer satisfaction in Q4 reached 92%, the highest point since the third quarter of 2006. I thank our more than 26,000 dedicated employees for their hard work in achieving that success. We know that our performance is evaluated daily by patients and doctors and their satisfaction is our goal. We will continue to work hard to deliver the best customer experience in the industry. Now I would like to update our guidance for 2008 including the consolidation of our Ontario based joint venture. To see our guidance before consolidation of the JV, please refer to today's earnings press release. Excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after December 31st, 2007 our guidance for 2008 is as follows. Compared to 2007, LabCorp expects 2008 revenue growth of approximately 13.0% to 14.3%, EBITDA margins of approximately 25.6% to 26.0% of revenues, diluted earnings per share in the range of $4.74 to $4.90, operating cash flow of approximately $775 million to $800 million dollars excluding any transition payments to United Healthcare, Capital expenditures of approximately $120 million to $140 million, and net interest expense of approximately $66 million. I would like to remind you that although we do not provide quarterly guidance, we should point out that Easter falls in the first quarter of this year versus the second quarter of last year. We expect to achieve this growth through the following initiatives, organic growth and further shifts in our tested mix, particularly in our esoteric and genomic businesses, managed care opportunities previously discussed, contributions from acquisitions made in 2007 and realization of cost reductions. Now Brad Smith will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer: Thank you Dave. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? At the end of December, approximately 34% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. Although this percentage declined by 1% year-over-year, we expected this because we knew the UnitedHealthcare business transitioning to us was more weighted to core testing. Our goal over the next three to five years is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 40% of revenue. Our ability to increase this percentage depends on factors such as continued adoption of existing esoteric test, development and acceptance of new esoteric tests, acquisition and licensing opportunities and the mix of our new business. Can you update us on your progress in Image-guided pap in HPV? Adoption of the TriPath, SurePath System and Cytyc ThinPrep Imaging System by our physician clients continues to increase. By the end of the third quarter image guided pap screening was being requested for approximately 59% of all liquid based pap smears order. We continue to experience growth in primary screening HPV testing. During the fourth quarter of 2007 HPV testing increased approximately 32% versus the fourth quarter of 2006. What are your plans for uses of free cash flow during 2008? We remain committed to returning value to our shareholders. First by using our free cash flow to grow our business through strategic acquisitions and licensing agreements and second through continuing our approved share repurchase program. The acquisition market remains proactive, especially in light of recent credit market corrections with a number of opportunities to strengthen our scientific capabilities grow our esoteric testing franchise and increase our presence in key geographic areas. As you know, we acquired PA Labs during the fourth quarter and expect to close the Tandem Labs acquisition during quarter one. As Brad mentioned earlier, LabCorp repurchased $924.2 million worth of common stock during 2007. At the end of the quarter $425.8 million remains under our approved share repurchase authorization. Our activity during 2007 proves that we will be opportunistic when it comes to share repurchase. How would an economic downturn effect your volumes and cash collections? During the last downturn in the economy we did not experience any significant volume declines. I must note that at that time there were other industry factors that could have masked any decline. We recognize that economic conditions and health plan benefit designs have changed significantly over the past several years. So we are uncertain of the effect on volume of a prolonged economic downturn. We monitor our volumes daily and will be closely of tune to any emerging issues. On the collection front, we see an increasing number of high deductible plans where the patient is responsible for more payments prior to insurance covering the cost of care. Co-patient deductibles have also increased, although we have been successful in the past in collecting in the phase of increased patient responsibility, 2008 could be a challenging year in patient collections if there is a prolonged economic downturn. Can you explain why you acquired additional partnership units in you Ontario, Canada joint venture and why you are now consolidating them for financial purposes? LabCorp acquired its interest in Ontario, Canada based JV when we acquired Dynacare in 2002. We have been pleased over the years of the performance in Canada and are excited about growth opportunities there. Due to changes in the partnership agreement, we will now fully consolidate their financial results into ours. Why will your EBITDA margins contract with the consolidation of your Ontario, Canada joint venture? As Dave mentioned, we previously recorded our share of the income from this joint venture but we did not record any revenue or expense. For 2008, the company EBITDA margins will decline because we will recognize both revenue and expense. What is the status of the Medicare competitive bidding demonstration project? Currently the deadline for submission of bids to participate in the demonstration project is February 15, 2008. We are concerned that CMS continues to clarify the bidding rules even as we are less than 10 days away from the bid date the. A lawsuit challenging the demonstration project has been filed in the U.S. District Court of the Southern District of California. The place [inaudible] Laboratory, sharp healthcare and Scripps Healthcare are seeking injunctive relief to stop the implementation of the demonstration project before the February 15th bid deadline and to require Medicaid to proceed through formal notice and comments we are making before implementing the demonstration project anywhere. We fully support the planners [ph] in this litigation because as we have repeatedly stated we believe competitive bidding fails to recognize the distinct value of clinical laboratory services and will hurt Medicare patients. We will know before the bid date whether the court will grant interim relief. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thank you, Brad. In summary, we had a very solid year in 2007 and look forward to success in 2008 and beyond. Thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to answer any questions you may have. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from the line of Robert Willoughby with Banc Of America Securities. Please proceed.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities: Good morning. Brad, just a question on the United payments, I think you mentioned a $38 million number there in the K somewhere, do we tack on another $10 million or so for the fourth quarter and assume that's kind of the run rate over the next three years and that can gradually decline?
William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer: Bob, I think at this point, that's a little bit, I would not do that. We still think there is an opportunity for us to decline. We did not change our estimate in the fourth quarter for what we think the eventual liability will be, which is at the end of the third quarter was $115 million. So, from a cash flow perspective, yes, we will have that paid down in 2008 that fourth quarter that you mentioned. But in terms of a run rate, we're comfortable at the $115 million for now but we think based on the trend that we would hope to do better in that line.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities: Okay, great. And just as it relates to the JV, what economically changed that mix you want to step up and consolidate it today versus six months ago?
William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer: I'm not sure that economically there was a change more so than an opportunity for us to purchase additional units and the resulting change in the partnership agreement, it has always been a nice part of our business that hasn't been very evident in our financial segments based on the way that was accounted for. So it's more of a change and just that opportunity was there and we decided to act on it.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities: Well, the opportunity wasn't there a while ago, it was just you would have done and had you have been able to do it earlier?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Bob, its Dave. We have for a considerable period of time desired to increase our share of the partnership and we have been negotiating with our partners to be able to do that and the transaction came to fruition in January, but this has been something that we have complemented for a lengthy period of time.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities: Okay, and can you hazard [ph] a guess what the dollar amount of the investment was then that you made?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: No we haven't disclosed what the dollar amount of the investment is.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities: It will be in the K though?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: It would show up in the cash flow in the first quarter in term of in the acquisition line.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Bill Bonello, with Wachovia. Please proceed sir.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Good morning guys. Couple of questions, the revenue guidance for '08 is pretty consistent with what it had been prior, so I am just trying to make sure I understand what's driving the EPS guidance increase if that is predominantly share repurchase or if its also on the margin front relative to what you had expected and then I have a couple of follow-up if that's okay?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Bill it's Dave. The adjustment to the EPS guidance is share repurchase.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Okay. That make sense, and then on the revenue growth for next year, 7% to 8% top line in but ex United... you did 6.6% for the year and 5% for the quarter, what made give you confidence in the step up there?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well, as we have stated, there are opportunities to grow the Managed Care book with Cigna with United, with LabOne going out of the contract with pull-through improvement, with access to some new Humana markets and with strategic collaborations with Wellpoint. That suggest to us that we should be able to do better than what we think about as the typical industry growth rate Bill, and so we view the guidance as being consistent with the growth trajectory that we've experienced and with doing a little better than what we think others kind of the industry growth rate as a whole.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And I would assume that's factored in there or maybe some small acquisitions?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: We always factor in the assumption that we're going to make some small acquisitions and so it's accurate to say that, that would be factored into this revenue growth as well.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And then just the last question and I'll stop bugging you. When you think about acquisition opportunities, should we be thinking about it in terms of like what you just did with Tandem and that they are sort of giving you new strategic capabilities or expanded strategic capabilities? Or is there still an interest in just purely expanding geographically and I'm saying that wrong, acquiring geographically sort of in the old fashioned synergy driven kind of acquisition?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: The answer is that both are attractive, we still remain interested in opportunities to make acquisitions that will expand or complement our infrastructure through new markets, patient service centers, and the like. At the same time we remain very interested in strategic acquisitions like Tandem that will enhance our presence in key areas and in opportunities that we see for the long-term growth.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from line of Ricky Goldwasser with UBS. Please proceed.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: Yes, good morning. Couple of follow-up questions. Just to clarify on the 11% volume growth that you reported you were saying that's 3% is from UNH?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: I think we said 5%... you talked for the fourth quarter?
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: Yes.
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes 5%.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: 5% from U&H, okay. And the rest is just from kind of the small acquisitions that you've made. So if you kind of like... what would be the organic growth compared to what it was in the third quarter?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well, I think overall revenue growth we reported about a 11%. There was one additional revenue day in the fourth quarter this year versus last year. So when we think about that we think about probably in the range of 4% overall organic growth.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: 4% organic and... you bid some small kind [inaudible]?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: Okay. And then just to clarify, are you seeing already changes. It doesn't seem like from what you reported in the fourth quarter. Due to the economy and if I recall in kind of the last session period. The impact that the lab stall was more on the customs abuse testing. So if you can just clarify to us whats your revenue exposure? What percent of current run rate is from really drug testing?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: You are correct that in the last down turn, we saw an impact on our drug testing business because a lot of it is pre-employment screening and when there is not a lot of employment going on there is not a lot of pre-employment screening. Our occupational testing business is I'm going to say approximately $150 billion in revenue. So, certainly any downturn in that business would have an impact although would not be material to our overall results. In terms of, what we see in volumes at present, I think it is very difficult to judge just based on where we are in January. January is always a slow month, not as slow as December but it is a slow month, and also and I know you are aware of this but the holiday this year is falling on Tuesday has a dramatic skewing effect on our volumes. So, I would say, based on what we are seeing now, we are not seeing any significant volume impact based on the economy, but I would also say it is too early to tell. I would agree with you that we didnt see any significant impact in the fourth quarter based on what was going on in the economy in Q4.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: Okay. And then on the top line opportunities that you're kind of factoring into guidance, you named a number of managed care contract. We also talk about the fact that 80% of clinical services is really done by regional and not national. So, the assumptions you are making regarding the growth in '08 coming from additional managed care opportunities, are there more from those regionals rather from your national competitor, the other national competitor? How should we really think about that? And then you mentioned Wellpoint. Are you also referring there to the I think its the WellChoice contract that is in New York and if so is this up in mid '08 or mid '09?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: To answer the last part first. I believe the WellChoice contract is up in mid '09. Although, I am not certain because obviously we are not contracting with that plan. To answer, the first part of your question, just a clarification first, about 50% to 55% of the clinical laboratory volume actually goes through hospitals, and then about another 25% goes through smaller laboratories including regional labs other than LabCorp and our major competitor. So, when we think about redirection, we think about the hospital market actually as being one major opportunity for us to redirect work to more efficient providers. And we haven't quantified in thinking about the managed care opportunity, how much of that is sort of pure organic growth from our major competitor, how much of it is from regional labs, and how much of it is from hospitals. But, clearly the opportunity is greater in redirecting work from other providers and that is where we will focus our resources in achieving organic growth in 2008 and beyond.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Good morning. Just to clarify the when you mentioned the 4% organic growth, was that... that's just volume right, not sort of all in top line growth, is that right?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: That is volume, correct.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay, and then just, when we look at 2008, we look at pricing, in '07 it sort of bounced around from that 0.3% to I guess about 1.5% growth. I know you don't typically break it down, but just given what happened in '07, how should we think about the pricing stat for 2008, is there at least have a range you guys can give or narrow a little?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: I think the only definitive thing we could say is it's our view that the pricing we set in the industry has occurred and that we expect to see pricing stabilize and turn up through 2008, partly because we have no major re-contracting partly because we will benefit from some pricing escalators and some existing contracts. And this is pure price Ralph, obviously price based on shifted mixed has continued to improve at about 50 to 100 basis points per year just depending on how rapidly the mix shifts. So, borrowing any unforeseen events we look at a relatively stable pricing environment, for next year.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough. And then just going back to the JV, what percentage of share do you now have? Have you disclosed that?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: We have not.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. Is that going to be in the K or is that something you are not going to put out there?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: The historical number will be in the K and I think probably in the Q when we do the after the transaction is closed it would probably appear there.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay and I guess maybe... I guess what is the opportunity there going forward? And is the Canadian market we should be focused on should we view it differently than the US market, just any more color on that specific market?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well the Canadian market is very different from the US market in that it is fundamentally a single payer system that is government sponsored. So in that respect it is quite different. With respect to Ontario, there are basically three major laboratory providers and as we have mentioned we are the second largest of the three. There are some relatively complicated formulas by which the government allocates a certain amount of revenue and there are some relatively complicated formulas by which that revenue is divided among the laboratories in Ontario. For Canada in general, we see an attractive environment there. And we desire to growth the business. Its a good business, the pricing obviously is what you might expect given a single payer government sponsored system. But its a there is a lot of opportunity, there are large population basis and so we continue to look to Canada as a positive contributor.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay and then just last thing here, can you maybe talk about the UNH opportunity sort of outside that Quest bucket? I guess first is there any way to quantify in terms of how much is in the regional and outreach area, just big picture? And then second, should we start to see that market share shift in 08 or is that more of an 09 and beyond type opportunity?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: The way that I've always thought about the United opportunity is that, when United went into the process of doing their RFP, they said they were spending about $2 billion a year on clinical laboratories. So, that means that... consistent with the rest of the US healthcare, about 70% of what they were spending was not being spent with Quest and LabCorp. So, the opportunity for redirection is quite significant. When will we see it, obviously, it's an area of focus for us in 2008. I think some of the things that we'll assist in redirecting work like benefit design and incenting patients and potentially physicians are probably more 2009 initiatives.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair. Please proceed.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Hi, good morning. I just had a couple of questions on Litholink. First, what type of reaction and adoption are you seeing from health plans for that program?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: We are seeing very positive reaction and adoption at what we consider to be very favorable pricing. The other thing that we consider to be a significant positive about Litholink is that a very substantial portion of the Litholink growth comes from word-of-mouth referrals from other physicians who are treating kidney stones as opposed to sales effort. So, we think it's an excellent program, it has been well received, it's well reimbursed, and the growth has been terrific.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Okay. And then, also in terms of a the expansion to other disease states, can you provide any color on sort of the timeframe of that, is that three to five years out? And also what are the upfront costs associated with ways of expanding those programs?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: We expect to launch the next disease state with Litholink in July of this year and we are well into the process. Beyond that, we see at least three or four other opportunities. While we can't say with any certainty what is going to happen in the ensuing years, I would like to see us be able to do at least one or two new programs every year along the lines of Litholink. The cost is not material... I mean, it's IT programming and the use of outside resources to help us develop the treatment metrics, but there is not a significant cost investment.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Okay. And then in terms of... just health plans in general, can you provide any more color on the types of programs that... or anything new that's coming out of health plans and employers in terms of this whole cost control for actually directing volume. So, for example, have you seen any impact from pay-for-performance initiatives and things like that?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: I think I would say the evidence is decidedly we mixed. I think if you saw the release that came out from CMS within the last week or so, their product disease management programs have not only failed to reduce cost, they have actually increased costs. I think if you look at the pay-for-performance metrics among the top six managed care plans, there is no commonality whatsoever and so unfortunately physicians are being asked to and physicians are being measured on ten factors by six different plans, but there is fundamentally no overlap between the factors that are being measured. So, I think the, I think the major cost reduction initiatives that managed care has advanced have been... I would... it's too strong to say that they have not been effective, but I mean, I don't think they have, I don't think they have net up to their potential expectations and I think part of the reason for that is, it is very difficult to manage disease states like obesity and diabetes that are so widespread in the population and that's why we focus on disease states that are more... that are less frequent in the population and that are heavily dependant on laboratory medicine for management.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Okay. And then just one clarifying question, for your EPS guidance, does that include or exclude share repurchases for 2008?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: It does not include any share repurchase after December 31st of 2007.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Co.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Adam Feinstein with Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Thank you, good morning everyone.
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Few questions here. I guess just as we think about the revenue growth attributed to UNH, we have seen a moderation here in the fourth quarter. Do you do that just as you saw it ramp up last year at the end of the fourth quarter, you know the contract didn't officially start. So...so is that why we saw some moderation in the growth rate here?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: I would say yes, we saw it because of the ramp up in the fourth quarter of last year and we also saw it because I think as we've commented in the third quarter, the United ramp up or the United transition occurred early in the year in the first two quarters we saw huge United gains and so as you reach a certain level of volumes, the growth is going to be slower.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Sure. Okay, all right. And then just switching gears. If I look at your quota [ph] pricing in terms of the data you guys broke out in the 8-K filing, it looks like it accelerated about 2.7% from about 1.2% last quarter. Just curious in terms I was surprised to see that with the, some of the pricing pressure we've been hearing about and you guys talked about in the past, just curious if there was anything in there or any contract that would have led to an improvement in that fourth quarter relative to the third quarter?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: We did get some pricing improvement with that when we went out of that work and some of that had an impact in the fourth quarter better than the third quarter, Adam.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Okay.
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: The other impact I think is, we had a very favorable quarter in clinical trials, which shows up in the client pricing line but which is it at a much higher price than the overall company pricing.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Okay, all right. And then just one more pricing question here and then I will switch to something else but and then just the managed care capitated number was lower relative to the fourth quarter so, just wanted to make sure we had the details there also?
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Adam, lower in price?
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Yes, so I guess just the price in the I am sorry the year-over-year growth, just to clarify that right. So I guess it looks like in the third quarter, maybe was down about 3.9% if I remember correctly. Here and I guess it was 6.4% for the fourth quarter? I am sorry that was the total managed care, the capitated piece was up 3.3 in the third quarter and was flat in the fourth quarter.
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes. No real change in any pricing there. One thing I would say is there was one more revenue day in the fourth quarter. So, you get a flat payment and potentially more volume against it, so that would level out the pricing.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Okay. It makes sense. All right. And then just finally on the cost savings. Last quarter you talked about annualizing at about $60 million and $10 million last quarter and you get another $15 million in another fourth quarter. Just maybe you could give us an update there and I know you had talked about... you made some broad comments about that earlier, but just wanted to get some more detail anything you can give us here today?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Sure. The $15 million in the fourth quarter was achieved and in fact, we did little better than the $15 million. And so, and $60 million in cost reductions is already fully built into next year's run rate Adam. So, that's in the run rate and is in the guidance, any additional cost savings opportunities that we take advantage of through our LabCorp 2010 plan will be incremental to what we provided for guidance.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Okay. It sounds great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Tom Gallucci with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Andrea Alfonso - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning everyone. It's Andrea Alfonso calling in for Tom Gallucci at Merrill. Just a couple of questions here. First could you talk a little bit about the JV more to help us factor in the incremental revenue growth contribution there. Specifically if you can just provide a little color about the business mix of that JV versus your current book of business, that would be very helpful.
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: It's predominantly core business. So, it's not going to significantly improve our core to esoteric percentage.
Andrea Alfonso - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. And my second question is just sort of following Adams question, on pricing. For your Managed Care fee-for-service business, it looks like the decline in the quarter was more pronounced than in the previous quarter. I was hoping you could just perhaps discuss some of dynamics that occurred there, and how we should really be looking at this particular metric going forward.
William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer: This is Brad Hayes. I think if you look at that quarter-to-quarter, starting from the fourth quarter of '06, the more dramatic decrease was from Q2 to Q3. So, while Q4 did decrease, I would... in my analysis say that the fourth quarter declined less than the third quarter compared to second quarter. As we have analyzed that, there are a number of feeds into the particular line in the reporting. The biggest feed of which is from our centralized billing system, and if we go to the detail there and look at the Managed Care fee-for-service line from the majority of the business, we see it being flat on the fee-for-service basis in the fourth quarter compared to the third. So, as we dig down deeper into that, we see some of the systems that are the non-centralized systems and there were adjustments in the fourth quarter unrelated to real pricing adjustments that drove that total down.
Andrea Alfonso - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you so much for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Matthew Borsch with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thanks for taking our question. This is Shelly Naal [ph] on for Mat Borsch this morning. Just a quick question on the quarter and then a quick follow-up as well. Did the tax rate this quarter come in better than you expected?
William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer: I'm sorry, say again.
Unidentified Analyst - Goldman Sachs: Did the tax rate come in better than you expected? What drove the better tax rate this quarter?
William B. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer: The tax that did not come in better than we expected. With the adoption of FIN 48 in 2007 it creates a situation where the tax rate is elevated for the first three quarters and then down in the fourth. So, we expect that to happen from here on now in terms of how that will occur. For the year the tax rate was actually up about 40 basis points, 50 basis points over the prior year.
Unidentified Analyst - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thats very helpful, thanks. And then a follow-up on pricing, just directionally, your pricing assumptions in the 2008 outlook, can you tell us, if you're forecasting any deterioration in Medicaid rate?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: We are not forecasting any deterioration in Medicaid rates. I would say that the caveat to that is, Medicaid has a way of adjusting pricing throughout the year on a fairly arbitrary basis. And so, it's not unusual for a Medicaid plan simply to tell us at a certain time of year that they've run out of money or they're going to reduce everybody's, every providers fees by X%. So we haven't forecast that in and if you look at our business mix, about 18% in total comes from Medicare and Medicaid. And the vast majority of that is Medicare, Medicaid is only about 4% of our total book. So, while we never like to see people arbitrarily reduce pricing in the middle of a year, it doesn't have a material impact on the business.
Unidentified Analyst - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kemp Dolliver with Cowen And Company. Please proceed
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Co.: Hi, good morning.
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Good morning.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Co.: Thanks. Couple of questions, first you did a actually pretty substantial number of very small transactions in '07. I think it may be 14 or so depending on last count. Couple of these have been disclosed in one-way or another. But, it still leaves a large number of small deals. Could you just talk about some of thought process behind some of these moves and in which markets you expanded as a result of them?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Sure. Most of these small deals were either expansion of infrastructure or specific targeted areas of esoteric testing in which we want to grow. So, we made several small acquisitions and what we thought of is important markets. Obviously we made PA and DSI, which were larger acquisitions in significant opportunity markets for us. But, we made small acquisitions that are, that were in markets like Arizona, California, Kentucky, Alabama. Just a complement on our existing infrastructure and client base. We also made some small acquisitions in specific areas of esoteric testing that are of interest to us like endocrinology, coagulation, anatomic pathologies. Those are the kinds of what we think about as either strategic expansion of the esoteric portfolio or folding opportunities for core that we make when we do these small deals.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Co.: Great. That's very helpful. The second question is you've spent a bunch of time mentioning some of the calendar affects in Q1 that are negative. But, I think this is leap year, and does leap year help you at all or is that fall on the day of week that it wont benefit you?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: It gives us one extra revenue day in the first quarter. So, it kind of gives us one just extra revenue day for the year? So, yes, it does help.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Co.: All right. How would all that net out? It's still, probably down, off a day or two from '07 for Q1?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: I don't think. I mean I think it normalizes, it's just that... last year Easter was in Q2. So, Q2 is going to be lower, because of the loss of volumes around Easter. This year, with Easter in Q1, we'll lose those volumes in the first quarter instead of the second quarter. So, I don't think about it as it's going to be overall a down here because of the timing of the holidays. But I do think about it as the timing of revenue maybe different because we have a major holiday in Q1 that last year was in Q2.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Co.: That's great. Thanks.
Operator: Your final question will come from line of Andreas Dirnagl with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Andreas Dirnagl - JP Morgan Securities: Yes. Thanks for getting me in under the wire. Dave I was wondering if maybe you could just sort of comment in general on how the United contract anniversarying is going to sort of impact you? I mean the way I would characterize it potentially is that, the volume increase that you have been seeing will probably drop off as we anniversary it. But at the same time, can you confirm that there are price escalators built into the contract so the negative impact on pricing will switch to a positive escalator impact?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well, clearly we are not going to see volume gains from United like we saw in the first two quarters of last year. So, there will be a slowing of volume growth as we reach the anniversary date. We are still seeing pick-ups in United volume, but clearly it's not the type of pick up we had in the first quarter last year. There are pricing escalators in the United contract, and as those take effect and there are pricing escalators in other contracts as well, and as those take effect, we should see positive trends in pricing for 2008 and going forward.
Andreas Dirnagl - JP Morgan Securities: Okay. Great. And maybe just, can you give a little more color? You've now mentioned in recent sort of weeks, a couple of times that you're focusing or going to focus more in terms of gaining market share from some of the hospital outreached programs as opposed from necessarily your competitors on the independent clinical lab side, and I was wondering if you could just give some color behind the, sort of the reason how you plan on doing that?
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Sure. I mean, again if you look at the total market opportunity based on the...based on the reported numbers, we have about 8% of the market, Quest has about 12% of the market, and 80% of the market is elsewhere. So, as we think about how do we expand resources to gain business, we want to go after the...we want to go where the majority of the business is. The factor that helps us with that is as has been widely discussed that Managed Care pays hospitals significantly more for the same type of testing than it pays us. And so, we think about the hospital opportunity, and we think about Manage Care's desire to redirect hospital-based business, and that helps us to focus the allocation of resources on redirecting the hospital work. How do we do it? Obviously, part of it is simply educating employers, who fund their own insurance that if their employees are going to hospitals to get their lab work done, they're paying substantially more than they would be paying if they used an independent clinical laboratory. And then, as we think about into 2009, we think about things like benefit design, use of deductibles and co-pays lower deductibles or co-pays if you use a national laboratory as ways of incenting patients to you to choose a national laboratory which creates not only savings for the system, but we believe ultimately better long-term patient outcomes.
Andreas Dirnagl - JP Morgan Securities: Okay great, thank you.
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thank you.
Operator: At this time there are no more questions in the queue. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. David King for any closing remarks.
David P. King - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thank you very much for listening to our fourth quarter call. We hope you have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David P. King - President and CEO Bradford T. Smith - EVP, Corporate Affairs William B. Hayes - EVP, CFO and Treasurer Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities, LLC
Analysts: Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities, LLC Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities, LLC Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc. Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Co., LLC Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch & Company, Inc. Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Third Quarter 2007 Laboratory Corporation of America Earnings Conference Call. My name is Dan and I'll be you coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David King, Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead sir.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Dan, good morning everyone and welcome to LabCorp's third quarter conference call. Joining me from LabCorp today are Brad Smith, Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs; Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Eric Lindblom, Senior Vice President, Investor and Media Relations. This morning we'll provide a review of our third quarter and year-to-date 2007 results and update you on achievements in key strategic areas during the quarter. Later in the call we will update guidance for 2007, give preliminary guidance for 2008 and cover a few anticipated questions. I would like to turn the call over to Brad Smith who has a few comments before we begin.
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs: Before we begin, I'd like to point out that there will be a replay of this conference call available via the telephone and Internet. Please refer to our press release dated October 25th for replay information. This morning, the Company filed an 8-K that included additional information on our business and operations. This information is also available on our website. Analysts and investors are directed to this 8-K and our website to review this supplemental information. Additionally, we refer you to our press release dated October 25th for a reconciliation of EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial information discussed during the call. I would also like to point out that any forward-looking statements made during this conference call are based upon current expectations and are subject to change based upon various important factors that could affect the Company's financial results. These factors are set forth in detail in our 2006 10-K and subsequent filings. Now Brad Hayes will review our financial results.
William B. Hayes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thank you, Brad. Our third quarter results are as follows. Net sales increased 12.2% to $1.206 billion compared to the third quarter of 2006 testing volume measured by accessions increased 11.9% and price increased 0.3%. We estimate that net sales increased by 6.8 percentage points due to our agreement with UnitedHealthCare. Before restructuring and other special charges recorded in the third quarter of 2007 and 2006, earnings per diluted share increased 27.4% to $1.7 for the third quarter versus $0.84 in the third quarter of 2006. During the quarter we made adjustments to our cost structure to ensure our capacity and capabilities remain aligned with our volumes and service requirements. These actions were directed at reducing our work force in non-operational areas along with eliminating redundant and underutilized facilities. These actions in the quarter resulted in the charge of approximately $31 million. We expect that these actions will reduce operating expenses by approximately $60 million in 2008. EBITDA was $272.5 million or 26.7% of net sales. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $130.4 million which is net of $17.9 million in transition payments to united health care. Through the end of the quarter the Company had been build $27.9 million in transition payments related to its agreement with UnitedHealthCare with approximately $23.3 million paid. The $27.9 million billed represents the vast majority of claims activity through June. At the end of September, the company had cash and short term investments of $35.2 million and $100 million in borrowings under our revolving line of credit. Capital expenditures were $35.5 million of which $3.9 million related to our agreement with UnitedHealthCare. DSO at the end of September was 58 days. The primary drivers for the increase in our DSO were temporary delays in payment due to being out of network with Aetna, timing of cash receipts and a slightly negative impact from our recent acquisitions. During the quarter, the company repurchased $111.3 million worth of stock representing 1.5 million shares. Approximately $329.2 million of repurchase authorization remains under our approved share repurchase plan. Our year-to-date results are as follows. Net sales increased 13.8% to $3.624 billion. Compared to the first nine months of 2006 testing volume measured by accessions increased 12.8% and price increased 1%. We estimate that net sales increased by 7.6 percentage points due to our agreement with UnitedHealthCare. Before restructuring and other special charges recorded through the third quarter of 2007 and 2006. Earnings per diluted share increased 27.2% to $3.13 for the first nine months of 2007 versus $2.46 in the first nine months of 2006. EBITDA was $812.6 million in or 26.5% of net sales in the first nine months of 2007. Operating cash growth for the first nine months of 2007 was $469.3 million. During the first nine months of 2007, the Company repurchased $520.8 million worth of stock representing 7.3 million shares. We're very pleased with our financial results for the quarter and first nine months of 2007. I'll now turn the back over to Dave.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Brad. First I would like to make a few observations about our third quarter. We're extremely pleased with 12.2% revenue growth and 27.4% earnings per share growth which shows the impact of volume increases combined with effective expense control. Several noteworthy events effected our third quarter. The loss of the Aetna contract, the affect of the Cigna price reduction and the impact of recent acquisitions where integration has not been completed. Of course what we can best control are expenses. We pride ourselves on the discipline we have always brought to expense control, and this quarter was no exception. We took decisive actions to reduce our work force in non-operational areas as well as to downsize or eliminate redundant and underutilize facilities. Our cost reduction initiatives will result in $25 million in in-year savings and $60 million in annual savings in 2008. Since the close of the quarter, we've announced the downsizing of our Louisville laboratory which will result in a significant expense reduction in 2008 and a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter of 2007. We will continue to review our cost structure to make sure that our business is sized correctly to handle our volumes with the goals of continuing to be the most efficient provider and maintaining our high standards of customer service. As many of you have heard me say there has been a pricing reset in the laboratory industry. This should not be surprising to anyone who follows healthcare. Almost every other area of healthcare has seen or is seeing reimbursement reductions as a result of the consolidation of managed care health plans and the continuing increase in healthcare costs. Even though laboratories are only 3% to 4% of the total healthcare spend we are not immune from pricing pressures. I, for one, do not believe that cutting reimbursement is the answer to reducing healthcare spending. This however is a matter that experts will continue to debate for the foreseeable future. Our industry needs to speak up in that debate but in the meantime we must also run our business in the existing environment. To that end we continue to leverage cost base for generative collaborative arrangements, continually evaluate our internal processes and provide clients and patients with high quality service. We are and we'll continue to be the most efficient and customer friendly lab. To return for a moment to healthcare policy, we are very pleased at the success of the Results For Life campaign sponsored by LabCorp and our trade group, the American Clinical Laboratory Association. This campaign is designed to educate patients, policy makers, the media and others about the value of clinical laboratory testing as a key component of a 21st century healthcare system focused on prevention, efficiency and improved patient outcomes. Recently Results For Life released a video in which patients and policy makers speak about the value of laboratory testing. I encourage you to watch the video at www.labresultsforlife.org and see for example how rigorous use of the hemoglobin A1C test, one of 20 critical lab tests that costs less than changing the oil in our cars can help us reduce the $130 billion per year our healthcare systems spends on diabetes. I would now like to bring you up-to-date on the progress the company is making toward achievement of our key strategic objectives. In managed care we remain committed to the strategy of true partnership with managed care organizations. We believe that the three most important drivers of managed care business are access, price, and data. We have made great strides in the first area this year with the expansion of our PSC network. we remain the industry leader in the other two categories because of our efficiency and our standard instruments and systems. Our innovative kidney stone program from Litholink is an example of how our data and systems provide our partners with true value helping them reduce cost and improve wellness for their members. Kidney stones are the most common disorder of the urinary tract affecting 5% of Americans. The prevalence of stones is increasing. In 2004, stones accounted for 2.7 million physician visits and over 400,000 hospital stays. Treatment cost amounted to over $2 billion. The recurrence rate for kidney stones is 50% within five years. yet by following our Litholink management program which is focused on providing physicians and patients with actionable data to improve outcomes, stone recurrence is reduced by 80% at the cost of approximately $200 per patient encountered. This is merely one example of how lab -- what LabCorp does everyday to improve healthcare and reduce spending, benefiting doctors, patients and our managed care partners. In science, LabCorp continues to lead the industry in the introduction of new capabilities in areas where there is an unmet clinical need. During the third quarter we added six new tests and disciplines including coagulation, oncology, infectious disease and immunology. Additionally we achieved several milestones in pharmacogenetics and companion diagnostics including a strategic agreement with Medco centered on the safe and effective use of the drug tamoxifen. Approximately 10% of women using tamoxifen do not fully benefit from the drug. Genotyping for the study will be performed using the FTA cleared Roche AmpliChip CYP450 test. A pharmacogenetics collaboration with Third Wave to develop a companion diagnostic to assist physicians personalizing therapy for heart failure patients. This announcement was the next step in our previously announced collaboration with ARCA Therapeutics. Additionally, in August, the FDA announced the approval of updated laboring... labeling for the commonly used blood thinning drug warfarin to indicate that a person's genes may influence how they respond to the drug. Approximately 2 million Americans take warfarin and it is one of the commonly prescribed drugs in the United States. During the last 10 years warfarin accounted for 15% of serious adverse drug events in the United States most within the first 30 days of use. LabCorp test for warfarin has been available since the middle of 2006 and cast all of the appropriate genetic markers. As you can see companion diagnostics is not years away. It is here and we are actively working with multiple partners on innovative solutions in the areas of cardiology, oncology and infectious disease. Furthermore we recently announced that LabCorp is the first full service national clinical laboratory to offer integrated serum integration and sequential screening tests. In January 2007 the American college of nutritionists and gynecologists issued a practice bulletin recommending that regardless of age all pregnant women be offered combined first and second trimester screening. Through a license with Intema Limited, we have now made these recommended screening tests available. This will allow physicians to offer patients a broader range of tests for Down Syndrome and maternal screening with higher detection rates and fewer false positives than current screening options. The third component of our strategic plan is our customer focus culture. We recognize that we are here to serve doctors and patients. Our goal is to make sure that all of our valued front line people use every tool available to serve our clients and their patients. We continue to invest in programs that will make LabCorp easier to work with and more customer friendly so that we can continue to enhance the experience of doing business with LabCorp. Now I would like to update our guidance for 2007 and give preliminary guidance for 2008. Excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after September 30 and excluding restructuring and other special charges recorded in 2007, our guidance for 2007 is as follows: Compared to 2006 LabCorp expects 2007 revenue growth of approximately 12.7% to 13.2%, EBITDA margins of approximately 26.0% to 26.5% of revenues, diluted earnings per share in the range of $4.11 to $4.18, operating cash flow of approximately $690 to $710 million excluding any transition payment related to the Company's agreement with UnitedHealthCare, capital expenditures of approximately $100 million to $110 million excluding any additional capital expenditures related to the Company's agreement with UnitedHealthCare, net interest expense of approximately $45 million and a bad debt rate of approximately 4.8% of sales. For 2008 our preliminary guidance is as follows: Compared to 2007, LabCorp expects 2008 revenue growth between 6.5% and 8.5% and diluted earnings per share growth over 2007 in the range of 11% to 14%. We expect to achieve this revenue and EPS growth through the following initiatives: Increasing revenues through organic growth and further shifts in test of mix particularly in our esoteric and genomic businesses which generate higher profits than the core business, realization of $60 million in annual cost reductions that I mentioned earlier and contributions from acquisitions made in 2007 and expected acquisition in 2008. We expect to provide more definitive guidance for 2008 after we complete our internal bludgeoning process for next year. Now Brad Smith will review anticipated questions and our specific answers to those questions.
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs: Thank you Dave. Can you update us on the mix of your business coming from esoteric testing? At the end of September approximately 34% of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology categories. As we've mentioned on previous conference calls our goal over the next few years is to increase our esoteric test mix to approximately 40% of LabCorp's revenues. Our ability to increase this percentage depends on factors such as continued adoption of existing esoteric tests, development and acceptance of new esoteric tests, acquisition and licensing opportunities in the mix of our new business. Can you update on your progress in image guided pap and HPV? Adoption of the TriPath SurePath system and Cytyc's ThinPrep Imaging System by our physician clients continues to increase. By the end of the third quarter image guided pap screening was being requested for approximately 56% of all liquid based pap smear orders. We continue to experience growth in primary screening HPV testing. During the third quarter of 2007 HPV testing increased approximately 41% versus the third quarter of 2006. What are your plans for uses of free cash flow during the remainder of 2007? We remain committed to returning value to our shareholders. First by using our free cash flow to grow our business through strategic acquisitions and licensing agreements and second through continuing our approved share repurchase program. The acquisition market remains attractive especially in light of recent credit market corrections with a number of opportunities to strength our scientific capabilities, grow our esoteric testing franchise and increase our presence in key geographic areas. As you know we closed on the DSI acquisition during the third quarter along with other smaller acquisitions. Additionally our planned acquisition of PA Labs has passed HSR and should close by the end of this month. As Brad mentioned earlier, LabCorp repurchased $520.8 million worth of common stock during the first nine months of 2007. At the end of the quarter, $329.2 million remains under our approved share repurchase authorization. Our activity during the first nine months of the year proves what we have always said, we will be opportunist when it comes to our share repurchasing. What does the FDA's letter to EXACT Sciences mean to LabCorp and the relationship with EXACT? At this time it's too early to tell what the FDA warning letter that is the exact science scientists receive will mean to us. I can state that our interest in the PreGen-Plus tests remain aligned with EXACT and that we are still offering the test. Can you update us on your negotiations with Humana? As you know Humana is the only national plant still in the contracting process and we're working to remain contracted with them. Additionally there are no nature regional plans due for re-contracting in the near future. How will the new proposed accounting position on convertible dept affect your current lines or EPS guides? As you know the FASB issued a draft staff position relating to proposed changes to the accounting for convertible securities. This staff position is still in draft and that FASB is currently evaluating comments from the financial community. However based on our review of the requirements of the current draft, we believe that if enacted as written, the proposed FSP would not have any impact on our 2007 or 2008 interest expense or EPS, but would result in a restatement of interest expense in periods prior to 2007. Please note the changes to historical interest expense proposed by this new economic standard are all non cash. What is the status of the Medicare competitive bidding demonstration project? CMS recently announced at the San Diego Carlsbad San Marcos California Metropolitan statistical area will be the first of two sites for the Medicare competitive bidding demonstration project. While CMS appears determined to move forward with this ill-conceived project, the clinical laboratory community has been making significant progress in its efforts to stop the demonstration legislatively. Bills with bipartisan support have been introduced in both the house and senate to repeal the requirement that CMS conduct this demonstrations. The entire clinical laboratory community remains united in strong opposition to this demonstration and we will continue to work together toward a legislative repeal. Can you comment on efforts to regulate laboratory developed tests? In July FDA issued for public comment to revise draft of its guidance on invitro diagnostic multi-variant index assays in which it sort to further narrow and clarify the definition of IVDMIAs and how FDA regulation of medical devices would apply to such assays. The FDA noted that it would exercise enforcement discretion for all requirements for currently marketed IVDMIAs for 12 months following publication of the final guidance and for an additional six months for IVDMIAs for which a 510-K where pre-market application have been submitted during the initial 12-month period. We submitted comments to the American clinical laboratories association urging the FDA to engage in a more interactive dialogue with the laboratory community, proceed under formal rule-making procedures, further clarify the definition of IVDMIAs and provide further guidance on the application of quality systems regulations labeling an adverse event reporting requirements in the IVDMIA context. The FDA is now reviewing public comments on the IVDMIA guidance. We have no reason to believe at this time that this guidance will materially impact our operations. Now I would like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Brad. In summary we have had a very good quarter and nine months. Thank you very much for listening. Dan we are now ready to answer any questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby from Banc of America. Please proceed.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities, LLC: Hey Dave, I guess I am not quite sure in the enthusiasm that you have for the quarter as well as the guidance for the year. I... just looking at that guidance that you brought down, the high end of the ranges here. I guess it assumes something has surprised you here related to prior expectations and I guess you knew what United was, you knew what Cigna pricing was. I mean what really is the primary reason to bring the high end of the guidance range down for '07?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Bob I think the primary reason is the uncertainty of what is going to happen with fourth quarter revenue. We obviously have spend a significant amount of time this quarter and will continue to spent a significant amount of time going forward, looking at the expense base. But we have... when we originally issued the guidance as you'll remember, we anticipated that united revenue would ramp very significantly through the third and fourth quarter and instead what we have experienced is that we have got a lot of it in the first and second quarter and that the United revenue has largely flattened out. In addition the loss of the Aetna contract, the shifting of a couple of regional managed care contracts just creates an uncertainty around top-line revenue and we think the responsible thing to do is recognize and adjust our guidance appropriately.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities, LLC: Does the guidance for this year or '08 reflect the PA acquisition or anything else that you may do?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: The guidance for the balance of this year does reflect the impact of PA which actually is scheduled to close at the beginning of November. As to anything else we may do, no, the guidance doesn't reflect anything other than the typical small acquisitions that we will do from time to time.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities, LLC: And anything in the way of share repurchases in that '08 expectation?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: There's nothing in the guidance in terms of share repurchases but we have repeatedly said we would be opportunistic in share repurchase and I think we've demonstrated that over the course of this year.
Bob Willoughby - Banc of America Securities, LLC: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from UBS. Please proceed.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities, LLC: Hi, good morning. Thank you. It's Ricky Goldwasser.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Ricky. We knew that.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities, LLC: I am glad. Just a follow-up question on the cost-cutting initiative. Where should we take when you talk about $25 million in '07 and $60 million in '08. Is it all coming from the SG&A line or should be... should it be a combination of cost of sales and SG&A because obviously in the quarter you brought SG&A down significantly. And then if can talk more about the areas of cost-cutting. Are they related to aligning the infrastructure to line up with what your expectations are for United going forward versus what they were earlier in the year? Or does this also include cost-cutting opportunities in areas that are not related to United?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I will start with the first part of the question and Brad Hayes may have some additional color on this. obviously the SG&A line has been the primary focus of this as I said. The focus of the expense reduction was in non-operational areas. So we did go hard at the SG&A line as well as you're looking at excess capacity and redundant facilities given the changes in the market. In terms of going forward, what we have to do is we have to look at what we think, the capacity requirements are going to be given what we think the volumes are going to be and we have to continue to rationalize the cost structure given what we believe the volumes to be. So for example, in the Louisville laboratory... in the downsizing of the Louisville laboratory, we believe that we have sufficient capacity and our central division particularly with the addition of PA Labs to handle volume without the need for a full service three-shift laboratory in Louisville and that's the kind of cost rationalization that we will continue to undertake. It's not specifically related to United or not related to United, Ricky, it's more related to what we think the overall volumes are going to be in the business and what is the capacity that we're goanna need to handle those volumes, and what is the level of non-operational SG&A support that we're going to need to manage the business.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities, LLC: Now, a follow-up question on the volumes. Do you think that what you're seeing is just a slowdown in industry volumes overall or is it just more specific to contract shifting hands?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's hardly contract shifting hands but I think in the third quarter of this year there was an overall slowdown in volume. In the months of July and August even adjusting for seasonality were very slow compared to what we typically see and obviously we have data going back for many years on what happens during the summer time and this... this July and this August were just from a volume standpoint even below what we typically adjust for. So I think some of it is absolutely related to overall industry volumes and some of it is related to the shifting of these regional managed care contracts and the shift of the Aetna contract.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities, LLC: And obviously we're now kind of at the end of October. So you... kind of you have at least like a month worth now of the fourth quarter. Are you seeing volume... industry volumes going back to more historical levels?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well. I'm... I don't think it's probably appropriate to comment on where we are in the fourth quarter. Now the month of September was a very strong month and so you know we saw September going back to where we typically expect September to be and even a little better. And that... again this... it's just hard to know in the summer, was it hot weather, was it flooding, was it few people... fewer people going to the doctor, was there something that affected the overall industry. And I wish we had better... I wish we had the ability to have better analytics around that. It just... we've tried to look at it in a number of ways and not figure out anything in particular that would cause the volume decreases in July and August, but as I say September returned a much more what we think of this being the norm.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities, LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein from Lehman Brothers. please proceed
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Okay thank you, good morning everyone.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Adam.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Severalquestions here, I guess maybe just to start, entire quarters you've given some feel for how much UNH contributed in the quarter. Are there any metrics you can give us. I know David said that it have flat lines but just any specific details just so we could know what the impact was in the quarter.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we said in this quarter that total revenue growth... I am just going back here Adam.
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs: Adam, this is Brad. It was 12.2% in the quarter and 6.8 percentage points due to United.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Okay, and... so Dave, to you point earlier, you were just saying that in the fourth quarter of 2006, you got a bigger impact relative to what you would have thought. So just from the slowdown that you are forecasting in the fourth quarter, it's just a function of... you just picked up the business earlier. I mean isn't that accurate, just wanted to make sure.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's absolutely right, we've picked up, as you remember going back to the 2006, we picked up United business ahead of the contract and also from the top line revenue standpoint remember that was at the prior pricing. So that's going to annualize in the fourth quarter of this year and that will account for part of the slowdown.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: And then just... and that's really make sense, and would understand why there would be the impact there. But just as we think about the margins, margin guidance for the fourth quarter is lower and obviously that would have an impact, but you had talked some about the cost savings earlier. So in... just as you were talking about on an annualized basis about 60 million. But you mentioned there really the offside as well. Is that incorporated in the 60 million in annualized benefit from that.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: No it is not.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: It's not included. Okay. So... but the 25 million or so will benefit the fourth quarter.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Okay, all right. And then just, I guess as we think about... you had said some negative impact from the Cigna pricing and just wanted to make sure I was following you there. I mean was the impact more severe than what you would have thought or... and then I guess did you benefit on the volume line from the Cigna business, just anything you can give us there?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the impact was probably invaluable. We thought it was going be and I think we benefited a little bit on volume line from additional Cigna business but not materially.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Okay. And then just a final question. Did you guys break out your mix, and I guess the managed care fee for service side down about 8.7% verses the 7% in the second quarter. I guess just wanted to get some more color there. I know that managed care capitated piece accelerated slightly from the second quarter but just on the fee for service side, just what would have been the key driver there. Was that all a function of just having Cigna now in on the mix or were there other things?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think having Cigna in on the mix and it is probably the primary mover there. And that's the... that's going to... the Cigna reduction is going to be the major driver where you are going to see some of the... there's going to some impact obviously as we continue to gain small incremental amounts of United volume, that's going to have an affect on pricing. But what you are seeing in this quarter is most of the impact of the Cigna reduction.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kemp Dolliver from Cowen & Company. Please proceed.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Co., LLC: All right, thanks, and good morning. First you didn't mention any change in your estimate for the potential liability to United. So I'm assuming that's unchanged?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: We continue to look at the potential exposure to United but we haven't materially changed our view of that. And we'll look at it again at the end of the year.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Co., LLC: Okay. Secondly Dave your comments about July and August; I'm trying to reconcile with what you all given for revenue guidance in '08 because you're... I think your '08 guidance somewhat implies continued industry growth in line with historical patterns. So my question is; is there something in that guidance that takes that... is that the correct interpretation of how you put together the '08 guidance or have you built in some caution regarding volumes?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: No. We're thinking about it from the standpoint of what is historical industry growth and our ability to better historical industry growth for a variety of factors that we've talked about before. The comment on July and August was mostly directed toward questions about you know why this quarter top line revenue was not what the consensus was in. Again we just... we saw a drop off in July and August. We don't have convincing data that shows why we had a drop off in July and August. We know next summer that we'll see volume reductions during the summer but what we think about for the full year continues to be that will grow slightly above the historic industry growth rate.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Co., LLC: Okay. And last question is you mentioned you budging process and then giving more definitive guidance of any, what are your plans with regards to timing and then also just the format for communicating anything more definitive.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Historically we've given more definitive guidance on our fourth quarter call and that's what we would expect to do it this year.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Co., LLC: That's great, thank you.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: You next question comes from line of Ralph Giacobbe from Credit Suisse. Please proceed
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks. Can you maybe talk some more about the assumption for '08 and what I am getting at is are you considering greater pull-through from UNH, are you assuming sort of steady state from this point. Additionally is the Cigna expansion with the marketing expansion considered in what you put out first one of those... that '08 number?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: The ability to market with Sigma in those markets where we historically have been restricted is certainly considered in the '08 guidance and some additional pull-through from United is considered in the '08 guidance as well along with historical industry growth rate and the expectation that we've seen both the settling out of pricing and the settling out of the shifting around of some of these regional plans that has occurred in the last two quarters.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay, that's fair. And then when we do think about United, there's obviously the sort of ex-Quest piece of the pie. Could you also maybe talk about the opportunity outside of Quest in taking share from the smaller regional groups to understanding that UNH may be coming in and sort of undercutting some of the smaller guys even more as their contracts come up for renewal. So just wondering what the opportunity is there to gain market share sort of in the ex-Quest bucket?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, well first let me say that what United does with other laboratories is not something that we really are approving to. We know about what we read just like everybody else does, but in terms of the opportunity ex-Quest, I think certainly in some of the major metro markets like New York and New Jersey and there are other regional competitors that have benefited dramatically from the change that United has made and I think the opportunity to win that business still continues to be promising in terms of connectivity, in terms of test menu, in terms of turnaround times. I don't think that regional labs over the long term are going to be able to mach our level of service or test menu the electronic connectivity product that we offer, the access points. So I think that absolutely there's the opportunity to win business from the smaller regional players as the contract matures. I do want to comment again because so much of this revenue came in, in the fourth quarter last year and first quarter of this year. This is a 10-year contract with a lot of opportunity for us as we go forward and both the pull-through and the ability to win business from other providers is very exciting to us.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks. And just real quick. On the -- in terms of the balance sheet, can you talk about your sort of appetite for potentially levering up the balance sheet and doing something more drastic whether that be on the acquisition front or in terms of share repurchase, something bigger scale.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, I make a couple of preliminary comments and then if Brad Hayes has anything, he can add to it. We got a lot of questions over the past six months about, shouldn't we really lever up the balance sheet and do something big. And I think where we are today given what's happened in the credit markets, we are very happy that we didn't lever up the balance sheet. I think our balance sheet is very attractive right now. And so we like to keep the balance sheet, we like to give ourselves the opportunity on the balance sheet to be able to lever up if we need to do something big or decide to do something big. The levering up just for the shake of getting more leverage is not something that has ever historically been attractive and doesn't look attractive at this point. Brad you have any observation?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs: Dave, I will just add... well I don't know about anything drastic. I mean again we've been consistent in saying we want to keep our investment grade credit rating. But certainly we have the room to do something first. So... as Dave mentioned, for the right opportunity, I think, we have the flexibility to add some leverage.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci from Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch & Company, Inc.: Good morning, thanks for the information. I just had a few follows-ups more from a macro perspective. I think you sort of alluded to some macro factors that were pressuring price just in the healthcare industry in general. I was wondering first if you could expand on any other factors that you think might be affecting pricing within your industry and how have you factored pricing into your '08 expectations.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'll answer the second question first Tom. In terms of our expectations for '08 as I mentioned I think we feel that the pricing reset is pretty much occurred and that we've largely re-contracted. This was a year in which basically all of the major... well not all, but a significant number of the major payers were up for re-contracting and we have re-contracted with them or not re-contracted in the case of Aetna. So we think the pricing reset is largely occurred and we don't foresee significant price changes in what we look at for 2008. In terms of the macro factors, I mean... I think just top policy for a second here, I mean I think there's a couple realizations that people are coming to in healthcare. One is we're spending 16% of GDP on healthcare now and there's certainly a very large school of thought that says that we're not particularly good outcomes for what we're spending. The second thing is and something that I've been paying more attention to as an employer of 26,000 some people is, at the rate of premium increase that we're seeing versus the weight of wage increase, we're talking about within the next 8 to 10 years. We're talking about the cost of benefits for employers being greater than salaries and wages because benefits... premium increase of about 11% to 12% a year is doubling every 7 years and wages at 3% to 3.5% is doubling in 24 years. So I just think from a policy standpoint, now the answer that everybody is giving as well and we have to cut reimbursement, we have to cut spending, we have to cut payment and just... if you want validation of what I am saying just go on Google reimbursement reductions in healthcare and you will find 15 or 20 different groups of healthcare providers who have seen dramatic reimbursement reductions over the last several years, and I don't personally think that just cutting reimbursement is the right answer. I think, the payment, the problem with the right answer overtime is to pay for appropriate course of treatment rather than episodic treatment as for better outcomes. And that's why I go back to... our Litholink program is an example of how we can add real value in that equation. But I just think the macro pressure is we can't afford to continue to spend on healthcare the way that we are spending and the easiest way to address that is to say we got to cut the amount we are paying people.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then you said that... I guess some of your bigger payers were sort of reset in '07 but you also mentioned in some remarks, some of the regional payers. We saw some turnover there from one lab to another. What do you think triggered that sort of turnover and I think you said you sort of accept most stability there next year, so what kind of visibility do we have on that?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we've re-contracted again or not re-contracted with most of our... most of the major regional managed care plans in the 2006-2007 cycle. I think the principle reason for the shifts in regional players that we saw in the last quarter largely were driven by price and we obviously evaluate pricing every time we look at the... at a proposed relationship, just see whether we think it makes sense for us.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch & Company, Inc.: Okay, thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello from Wachovia. Please proceed.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities, LLC: Good morning. Couple of questions, just back on the guidance questions. Just the implicit EPS guidance range for Q4 is pretty wide and I am just trying to get a sense of what would cause you to fall to one end of the range or the other and why there is that much uncertainty at this point in the quarter.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I don't think it's any wider than our competitors' guidance and I think the principle reason is as I mentioned that we have seen in the last couple of months some changes in the couple of regional plans and we also, although... I think we have done a terrific job retaining Aetna business. We also have the continued uncertainty around how much of that Aetna business are we going to retain going forward. So those are the principle reasons why the revenue range is less... clearly less than one would normally expect it to be at this point in the year.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities, LLC: Okay that makes a lot of sense. And then just on the... given your comments on UNH, is there any change to your long-term estimate of how much revenue you are going to generate? I think back when you announced the contract you said... you gave sort of an amount that you could generate over a 10-year time period, and then just based on your experience thus far, does that still hold?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes it does?
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities, LLC: Okay. And then just a question on the specifics of the pricing. It looked like the price was down for the genomic and the esoteric testing and I am just curious if that price decline is a function more of test mix or to the extent that you've seen actual price pressure, is it more concentrated in certain types of tests?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs: Bill this is Brad. I think it's mostly back to Dave's comment about overall pricing in the third quarter, specifically related to Cigna. And then always we're fighting as you called out the kind of mix within mix back to one of Brad Smith's comments about the growth of, for example, HPV which is a test that's lower than that category average but continues to grow faster than the bucket in total. I think those two things in combination when I analyzed the observations that you have or what I came to.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities, LLC: Okay, that makes sense. And to the extent so that there is price pressure I assume that's more kind of across the board as opposed to concentrated on specific tests?
Bradford T. Smith - Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs: Yes.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities, LLC: Okay. That makes a lot of sense. And then just finally I am a little confused I might not have understood your answer to Adam, did you say that the $60 million of cost savings is not in the guidance really?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: No the $60 million in cost saving is in the guidance. The closure of the Louisville... the downsizing of the Louisville laboratory is not in the $60 million.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities, LLC: It's not, okay. So that would be above and beyond that and I don't suppose you want to take a stab at how much that can save you?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I do not want to take a stab.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities, LLC: Thanks a lot.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arthur Henderson from Jeffries & Company. Please proceed
Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company, Inc.: Thanks. Dave the $60 million that's coming off of Bill's question, it seems like that's kind of low hanging fruit. Is there more opportunity out there on the cost savings that you might not be talking about right now, but you could tap into?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: There is definitely more opportunity on the cost savings and we will be looking at it just to make sure that we do tap into it.
Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. And then going back to your comments on the acquisition market out there, obviously with the credit markets changing, are you seeing more people on the sideline now? Is it giving you a better opportunity to look at some things, at some reasonable prices that you haven't been able to look at before? And I'm wondering also what's really interesting to you from an acquisition perspective?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we're seeing; I think some people have moved to the side lines. I think you know multiples are still a little higher than they probably were 18 months ago but they're starting to come back to earth. And so I think going back to the question about the balance sheet I mean I think that's part of what makes this attractive to us is that you know we have the room in our balance sheet to do some things that might be attractive from an acquisition stand point. What looks attractive to us continues to be strategic acquisitions where we can build out infrastructure where we've not had strong infrastructure previously such as PA Labs in Indiana, and such as DSI opportunity because of that Naples market in Florida. And then also opportunities that our going to enhance our esoteric, and genomic and anatomic pathology franchises and we continue to look at opportunities that we think are attractive.
Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company, Inc.: Okay. That makes sense. Now just going back on the United. I remember last quarter you talked about possibly not having to incur as much transition expense as you had originally thought. Did I hear you correctly that you still feel comfortable saying that you could come in less than that 200 million.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We feel very comfortable saying that we could come in at less than 200 million and I think if you just look at for the six months of the year with basically the vast majority of all June claims experience having been encountered, I think were about 27.4. So we said all along that we felt that the vast majority of the leakage was going to come in the first 12 to 18 months and to be at 6 months and be at 27.4, we are very, very pleased with that.
Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company, Inc.: Okay, makes sense. And then last question, I will jump back in the queue. I know Ralph had talked a little bit about leakage and things of that nature related to the United volumes. I am curious, have you had any discussions with United about strategies that you could employ to maybe pull that volume over quicker or in a sort of rejuvenated way that maybe, the success that you had earlier this year obviously was surprisingly was great. But I am just wondering is there anything that you feel like you could do better out in the field that maybe you've talked to United about driving those volumes over?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: We obviously have talked to United about the opportunity to... about what we see as the opportunity to get additional volumes and obviously for competitive reasons, I am not going to talk about specifics, one thing that I think clearly assists us in gaining additional volume is just the use of electronic communication devices and making it more convenient for physicians to order and receive test results. So that's something that we are... that's a lab core initiative but that's something that we absolutely are going to be out there doing to show physicians the convenience of our web based products, the convenience of our standalone product to assist them in ordering their tests, getting their results back, dropping them right into their EMRs or practice systems and making the lab experience easier and more customer friendly.
Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks Dave.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: your next question comes from the line Bill Bonello as a follow-up question from Wachovia. Please proceed.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities, LLC: Hi. I just wanted to make sure for modeling purposes to clarify on your comments about contracting. Does the fact that you've negotiated most of your big national and regional contracts already? Does that mean that the... whatever price impact there would have been was pretty mush reflected in this quarter's results or are there any contracts where you've negotiated a price hit that you know that it's there but it hasn't taken a effect yet?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Based on what we have concluded the negotiations of I would say you've pretty much seen the price impact in this quarter.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities, LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up from Ricky Goldwasser from UBS. Please proceed.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities, LLC: Hi. Just one small question. Regarding the cost savings of $25 million in '07, is that all in the fourth quarter or does that $25 million include already what you've seen in the third quarter, and if so how much have you realized in the third quarter?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's 10 in the third and 15 in the fourth, Ricky, assuming that we don't do anything else. And I guess also not including any impact of the Louisville lab downsizing.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities, LLC: Right. So then the $50 million in '08, is that just based on that $50 million run rate?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Securities, LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Tom Gallucci from Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch & Company, Inc.: Thanks. Just a quick follow up to, I think it was just Kemp's question. A second ago when you do have those multi-year deals, I understand the hit now is in the numbers because they've been enacted. But when you're got a multi-year deal, what sort of rates do you have each successive year, is it flat, is it an increase, is it a decrease, so how do you think about that for longer term is again we're thinking about sort of the modeling in the long run?
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think about it as... it's a very important contracting point for us to receive price increases over the term of contracts because the reality is that our labor expense, our rental expense, our auto and gas expense, all of our expenses continue to increase and so getting top line price increases is a very fundamental part of our contract negotiations.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in the queue. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. David King, Chief Executive Officer, please proceed.
David P. King - President and Chief Executive Officer: Again thank you very much for listening to our call this morning and we hope you have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.
