===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. First Quarter 2025 Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question and answer portion. At that time, if you would like to ask a question, you may press star one. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. This morning, we are joined by our CEO, Philippe Krakowsky, and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website interpublic.com. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern Time. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties and the cautionary statement that are included in our earnings release and the slide presentation. These are further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Philippe Krakowsky.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Jerry. And thank you all for joining us. This morning, I'll begin with a high-level view of the quarter and progress on our transformation program, after which Ellen will add detail on our performance. I'll then conclude with an update on the tone of the business as well as on the status of our acquisition by Omnicom. Turning to Q1 results. And starting with revenue, our organic revenue decrease was 3.6%, which is consistent with the outlook and phasing we shared with you earlier this year. Our revenue change was largely due to the impact of certain account activity over the previous twelve-month period, which we've discussed with you on prior calls. As expected, those headwinds intensified sequentially from last year's fourth quarter, due to the timing of trailing wins and losses. Our three largest losses weighed on growth by 4.5% to 5%, impacting results across a number of geographic regions and disciplines, notably the US, Europe, and Asia Pac, and our IAC and MD&E segments. Trailing account losses were partially offset by sound underlying performance with notably strong growth once again by IPG Media brands, Deutsche, and Golan, and regionally by growth in LATAM and our other markets group. By client sector, we had very strong growth with our tech and telecom clients, as well as solid increases in food and beverage and financial services. Turning to expenses and profitability in the quarter, our adjusted EBITDA was $186.5 million with a margin of 9.3%. That result reflects continued operating by our teams and a strong start to the strategic restructuring program that we described in our February call. Adjusted EBITDA excludes charges for restructuring the quarter, which as you've seen were $203 million, of which slightly more than half is non-cash. We also adjust for deal expenses related to the combination with Omnicom, which were $4.8 million in the first quarter and which appear in our SG&A expense. The quarter marked meaningful progress towards the objectives of the transformational restructuring of our business, by both enhancing our offerings and driving significant structural expense savings. Operating expenses in the quarter compared to a year ago clearly track to the strategic evolution of our model, with operating leverage in some areas alongside continued investments in technology to enable key platform services and solutions. As we outlined earlier this year, we're moving at pace to greater functional centralization, increasing offshoring and near-shoring of centers of excellence, and an enterprise-wide focus on tech-driven platform benefits and key client-facing areas such as production and analytics as well as corporate functions, including finance and HR management. With the implementation of these changes well underway, we've identified further opportunities for transformation and structural redesign. With that increased scope, we currently expect the charges for restructuring this calendar year will be in the range of $300 million to $350 million, a significant portion of which will remain non-cash. That will in turn yield run-rate annualized expense savings of a similar magnitude as the eventual charge. Very important to note that we continue to see almost no overlap between these actions as standalone IPG and the $750 million of identified cost synergies that will result from the merger of our company into Omnicom. So the benefit of these increased structural cost savings should accrue to the newly merged entity in 2026 and beyond. Our diluted EPS in the quarter was a loss of $0.23 as reported due to the restructuring investment, while our adjusted diluted EPS was $0.33. Another important development during the quarter was that we were able to reinitiate share repurchases. Following the pause that had been required in connection with the early stages of the acquisition. Subsequent to our special meeting of shareholders on March 18th, at which we received support for the transaction, from over 99% of shares voted, we were able to reenter the market for 3.4 million shares over the balance of the quarter returning $90 million to shareholders. Turning to our outlook, we know that macro developments and their potential ramifications have moved front and center for all of us. The impact of this uncertainty is not yet clear and the implications vary widely for our clients across industries and geographies. Our posture as always has been to stay close to our clients especially in periods of heightened uncertainty. As of now, marketers appear to be in a phase of scenario planning assessing the implications of possible changes to the flows of global commerce. And as they sort these developments, we know that we're all addressing these things and these changes that are taking place at speed. As we engage with clients and considering the decisions they may need to make when it comes to channel choices, investment levels, and the best mix of marketing disciplines required to deliver business outcomes we will begin to get greater clarity on the impact of the macro on our sector. And we will, of course, update you on that evolving landscape. Today, we can report that performance in Q1 has been fully consistent with what we'd expected that we've not seen a marked change in client activity, and that we therefore remain on track with the full-year performance targets for revenue and margin that we shared with you a few months ago. An organic decrease of 1% to 2% in net revenue due to trailing account headwinds and adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.6%. Should there be a slowdown, we've shown that we're capable of navigating challenging circumstances. We continue to provide services that marketers require in order to deliver sales and business outcomes regardless of where we are in the economic cycle. We also know that if the macro ultimately weighs on broader consumer sentiment, and economic activity, with a resulting impact on our revenue we've consistently proven the benefits of our flexible cost model. We've also demonstrated our resilience in that we've rebounded strongly as we emerge from such cycles. We're entering this dynamic period with our program of strategic transformation and cost reduction well underway. With strong underlying financial resources and both should further solidify our position at a time of growing uncertainty. I'll come back with an update on the status of the acquisition by Omnicom, the compelling growth benefits of the new company, and the resulting value creation we see in the combination. But at this point, I'll turn things over to Ellen for a more in-depth view of our results.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. I hope that everyone is well. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides accompanying our webcast. Beginning on Slide 2 of the presentation, our organic decrease in net revenue in the quarter was 3.6%, which was in line with our expected performance for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $186.5 million and margin on net revenue was 9.3%. It's worth noting that Q1 is our smallest seasonal quarter for revenue. While our operating expenses are recognized more numerically across the year. Adjustments exclude charges for restructuring of $203.3 million, amortization of acquired intangibles, of $20.4 million, and $4.8 million of deal expenses in SG&A related to our acquisition by Omnicom. A reported loss per diluted share in the quarter was $0.23 while earnings were $0.33 per diluted share as adjusted. Below the line, we have adjusted for non-operating losses from the disposition of non-strategic businesses. We repurchased 3.4 million shares returning $90 million. We concluded the quarter in a strong financial position with $1.9 billion of cash on the balance sheet and with only 1.84 times gross financial debt to EBITDA as defined in our credit facility. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail, in the slides that follow. Turning to fourth-quarter revenue on Slide 4. Our net revenue in the quarter was $2 billion, a decrease of 8.5% from a year ago. Compared to Q1 2024, the impact of the change in exchange rates was negative 1.2%. The impact of our net divestitures mainly RGA and Hughes, was negative 3.7%. Our organic net revenue decrease was 3.6%. Further down the slide, we break out segment net revenue performance in the quarter. Our Media, Data, and Engagement Solutions segment grew 2.2% organically. Strong growth at IPG Mediagrams and growth at Acxiom was offset by continued decreases at MRM. The organic decrease at our integrated advertising and creativity-led solutions segment was 10.3%. That performance largely reflects the decision of a single client in the healthcare sector and to a lesser degree, generally soft performance across our creativity-led agencies. We continue to have strong growth at Deutsche. At our specialized communication and experiential solutions segment, our organic decrease was 2.4%. Modest growth in public relations, led by Golan's performance was offset by decreases at our experiential offerings. Moving on to Slide 5, our net revenue changed by region in the quarter. In the U.S, which was 68% of our first-quarter net revenue, decreased organically by 4% reflecting the impact of certain accounts lost in late 2023 and during 2024, that weighed on growth broadly across our domestic operations. IPG Media Brands continue to post strong growth in the quarter. International markets were 32% of our net revenue in the quarter, and decreased 2.6% organically. In the UK, which represented 8% of our net revenue in the quarter, the organic decrease was 6.1%. Chiefly due to soft results across some of our advertising and experiential offerings. Continental Europe is 8% of our net revenue in the quarter, and decreased 40 basis points organically. Which was against 8.9% growth a year ago. Trailing net losses weighed on performance in the quarter across several national markets. In Asia Pac, which was 6% of net revenue in the quarter, our organic decrease was 9%. The loss of certain global accounts led our results across the region. In LATAM, which was 4% of net revenue in the quarter, we grew 3.1% organically by market, our growth was led by Colombia, Chile, and Argentina, while Brazil decreased in the quarter. Our International Markets Group which consists of Canada, the Middle East, and Africa, with 6% of net revenue in Q1. And grew 2.9% organically. Performance was due to strong growth in Canada. Moving on to Slide 6. And operating expenses in the quarter. Our fully adjusted was 9.3%, That's a decrease of only 10 basis points from a year ago notwithstanding lower revenue. Our adjusted EBITDA margin is before expenses for our strategic restructuring, and Omnicom deal costs and SG&A. Our charge for restructuring was approximately $203 million of which $109 million is noncash. In general, expenses in the quarter reflect the continuation of our recent trend. With operating leverage on salaries and related expenses, alongside increased investment in technology. Our ratio of total salaries and related expenses improved 120 basis points to 70.9% of net revenue. It's worth noting that all the expense ratios are against our smaller first-quarter revenue base. Compared to a year ago, have leveraged on base payroll, severance expense, given the broader reset of our expense base, and temporary labor which was partially offset by higher expense for our performance-based incentive compensation program. We ended the quarter with a headcount of approximately 51,550 an organic decrease of 6.5%. Our office and other direct expenses increased as a percent of net revenue by 120 basis points to 16%. Occupancy expense decreased by 10 basis points as a percent of net revenue by all other office and other direct expenses increased by 130 basis points mainly due to higher levels of investment in technologies driving the enhancement of our services and the transformation of our company. Our SG&A expense was 2% of net revenue compared with 1.7% a year ago. With the Omnicom deal cost contributing to the increase in the quarter. Turning to Slide 7, we present detail on adjustments to our reported first-quarter results in order to give you better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left-hand side with our reported results. And steps through to adjusted EBITDA and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles in the second column was $20.4 million. Charges for restructuring were $203.3 million. Deal costs pertaining to the planned acquisition by Omnicom were $4.8 million. Below operating expenses, our net loss due to the sales of non-strategic businesses was $36.4 million. At the foot of this slide, you can see the after-tax impact per diluted share, of each of these adjustments. Which bridges the first-quarter diluted loss per share as reported of $0.23 to adjusted earnings of $0.33 per diluted share. On Slide 8, we turn to our cash flow for the first quarter. Cash used in operations was $37 million compared with $157.4 million a year ago. As a reminder, our operating cash flow is highly seasonal. We typically generate significant cash from working capital in the fourth quarter and use cash in the first quarter. During this year's first quarter, our working capital use was historically low at $86.1 million. It's worth noting that cash from operations before working capital changes was $49.1 million in the quarter. In our investing activities, we used $58.2 million in the quarter for acquisitions and CapEx. Our financing activities in the quarter used $248 million primarily for our common stock dividend and share repurchases. Our net decrease in cash for the quarter was $319.8 million. On Slide 9, is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.9 billion of cash and equivalents. Slide 10 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt and our diversified maturity schedule. Total debt at quarter-end was $3 billion and our next scheduled maturity is not until 2028. In summary, our strong financial discipline continues. And the strength of our balance sheet liquidity means that we remain well-positioned both financially and commercially. And with that, I'll turn it back to Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: As we mentioned, the results we're reporting today are consistent with our forecast coming into the year. Against the net account headwinds driven in large part by three significant losses in 2024, the underlying business is sound, with growth of between 1% and 1.5% on a net basis. Notable strength was evident in our media offering, where we've been building proprietary trading capabilities. Other areas of growth included Deutsche, Golan, our IPG level production unit, and Acxiom. The impact of our large reversal with a healthcare client in the consumer advertising space in 2024, weighed on FCB and IPG Health, which otherwise showed solid top-line performance. In terms of profitability, we continue to demonstrate discipline, as you can see in our margin delivery, adjusted for the cost of the transformation program that we're undertaking. And specific to that program, we made a strong start to the restructuring efforts in both corporate functional areas as well as centers of excellence focused on the delivery of services to clients. The benefits of that program look as if they will exceed our initial forecast with the upside accruing to the newly merged company once our transaction with Omnicom is complete. Then as we said earlier, there's almost no overlap between our efforts and the cost synergies that have been outlined as part of the integration of the two companies. Turning now to specific highlights from the quarter. Operationally, we've entered the year with a kind of consistently strong levels of industry recognition that we're known for and which validate the competitive strength of our offerings. On Fast Company's list of most innovative companies, which was announced during the first quarter, IPG was better represented than any other holding company group. With five of our agencies at the top of this ranking including FCB, Golan, Martin Agency, McCann, and Weber. Just last week, we announced the appointment of a global head of AI commerce to advance our delivery of AGENTIC commerce solutions a new offering that enables clients to grow profitable share across omnichannel media. The remit for this role includes integrating market-wide data signals provided by Intelligence Node the acquisition we announced late last year, into these platforms and deepening our strategic partnerships with key players in the commerce ecosystem to create a more robust and cohesive suite of commerce solutions for our clients. This strategic move underscores our commitment to leveraging AI to enhance commerce and deliver superior results for our clients. The combination with Omnicom and their complementary capabilities like their flywheel platform, will further position us as a leader in innovation that can drive sales and business results for marketers in the commerce space. During the quarter, we also launched AI console, a personal AI agent available to all of our employees. AI console is part of our interact marketing platform that enhances productivity, by enabling users to create custom AI agents for the full range of capabilities we provide for our clients. Such as summarizing media plans, drafting press releases, and generating image mock-ups. To name just a few examples. Beyond the foundational use cases that media brands and Acxiom have pioneered for us, in AI through our Interac software platform. There are now thousands of interpublic practitioners using Interact and soon AI console to leverage AI to improve efficiency and creativity across all areas of our business. Within our MD&E solutions, I mentioned Acxiom. Which saw renewals in the quarter and new business wins with clients in the telco, CPG, financial services, and insurance and healthcare sector. Nielsen and Acxiom also announced a new collaboration whereby Nielsen will sync Acxiom Real ID into their system for cross-platform and data-driven linear media. Acxiom and Snowflake signed an expanded multiyear partnership agreement to power cloud modernization and data collaboration, as well as AI for leading brands. This allows clients to maximize the power of their first-party data in marketing while safeguarding privacy and security. Media Brands, as you've heard, posted strong growth in the quarter. Due to good regional new business across global markets and at all three of our media agency brands. MediaPost also named IPG Media Brands as its media agency of the year. And Media Brands and are finalists for Campaign's Global Agency of the Year Awards. In the IAC segment, we shared previously that as part of its global consolidation review earlier this year, Kimberly Clark expanded its partnership with Interpublic with an integrated holding company solution led by FCB. FCB retained its top position in the one club for creativity's global creative rankings. This was announced early in the quarter. And FCB finished 2024's Agency Network of the Year and FCB New York was again named global agency of the year. In our healthcare space, IPG Health was named network of the year by advertising health and a number of its agencies led across a range of award categories and in the agency of the year distinctions. Forrester released its 2025 evaluation of marketing creative and content services and McCann was recognized in that ranking as a strong performer setting the standard for creative vision with its mission to build enduring platforms through its truth well-told methodology. Among our US-based creative agencies, the Martin agency saw wins in Q1 with Hershey's and Ulta Beauty. And Deutsche earned a spot on Ad Age's prestigious 2025 a list. Within our SC&E segment, Weber Sandwiches recently launched the Weber Advisory, which is an integrated data and technology-enabled corporate advisory powered by our AI and tech platforms. This integrates Acxiom's data spine to transform how organizations use data technology, and AI in their earned, owned, and social media campaigns. IPG at a number of leading social networks, are also collaborating to develop capabilities designed to help marketers identify relevant and engaging creators, and influencers and match them with their specific target audiences. This solution leverages Acxiom's real identity to address the challenges of effective creator identification. By focusing on audience engagement, we're able to improve business outcomes in this high-growth area. At the PRWeek Awards, Weber was named Agency of the Year and Golan won a range of awards, including best promotional event for Grubhub best in arts, entertainment, sports, and media for Verizon, best in employee engagement from McDonald's, and Best Global campaign, again, from McDonald's. In the experiential marketing space, Campaign name Momentum is experiential agency of the year for the second year running. The agency created a heralded ultimate fan experience in the final four with Coca-Cola, Powerade, and GEICO. Octagon continues to excel in sports and entertainment, which is an area that is highly differentiated for interpublic and part of a sector within marketing that continues to grow in importance. The agency recently secured landmark partnerships for Bank of America and the Home Depot with US Soccer, following their inaugural partnerships with FIFA for the 2026 World Cup. These multiyear agreements represent two of the largest long-term investments in US soccer history. Pivoting now and looking forward, we did not see anything in the first quarter or in April that would cause us to reconsider our expectations for the year but we remain focused on delivering against the revenue and margin targets shared with you on our call in February. Strong Q1 growth at a number of our agencies mitigated the impact of the three large 2024 losses that, as we've indicated, will mute organic revenue performance this year. And in terms of profitability and cost management, we had begun to rightsize over the course of 2024 with associated elevated expense and have now made strong progress in the which speeds our progress on strategic centralization and platforming. The macro is increasingly volatile, however, so we are staying very close to our clients as they plan for contingencies in light of the rapid pace of change and resulting uncertainty that we are all seeing. As we've seen in past periods when confronted with challenging economic crosscurrents the impact on our clients can vary widely. Some client industry sectors benefit from greater flexibility in their own operating models or greater access to localized or alternative sourcing or geographic exposure that can be beneficial in relative terms. The consumer sentiment has been resilient to date. Confidence is not at the levels we were seeing at the end as we entered the year. For many marketers, that may require a shift in products and services and the potential for the greater emphasis on value. With our great resources, in terms of talent, technology, and data we are well-positioned to help our clients should they need to act channels and marketing activity. And as clients look to invest in marketing, the directly impact sales, Acxiom is a key factor in how we can help businesses win. With this data foundation, our agencies and clients are operating on infobase the world's largest most secure, and most trusted core identity resource outside the walled gardens. Companies can get a single view of the consumer which in turn leads to increased precision and personalization in all marketing disciplines. Leading to conversion with customers. Some of our competitors are prone to sound by commentary. When it comes to the benefits of their approaches or assets in the data space. Yet, despite what they claim, there is no better data asset than Acxiom. When it comes to delivering precision, transparency, and trust. Acxiom maintains direct integrations with a full range of media publishers, DSPs, SSPs, and marketing technology platforms. Giving it end-to-end connectivity across the entire media and tech ecosystem. We align the cadence of data refresh to the source systems of data that are relevant to a specific client. And marketing situation. Which means we refresh data anywhere from real-time to weekly. Depending on the data type. And use case. And through our proprietary Acxiom assets and our connected tech platform ecosystem, we reach virtually every addressable person and audience. Globally. The noise about reach as a percentage of global population is just that, What's key to sophisticated marketers is calibrating the right message. To the right audience. In the most effective omnichannel environments. Whether that's paid media, the earned world of influencers, retail media networks, or client-owned properties and channels. In partnership with leading social media networks, we help clients identify the brand-safe creators and influencers with the highest relevance and business impact for their growth audiences. So Acxiom's data and tools are real ID identity resolution capabilities. Combined with interpublic agency expertise are what help us deliver measurable ROI. And that's vital in the current environment. Which is why Interpublic continues to be a trusted partner at the heart of the growth agenda for many of the world's most ambitious businesses. In terms of the acquisition by Omnicom, both companies garnered very strong support in our shareholder votes and you know that we've cleared the regulatory bar in five jurisdictions. Across the board, clients continue to share that they're looking forward to the benefits we will be able to deliver to them once our resources geographic strengths, and company cultures come together to create an unmatched portfolio of talent services, and products. Our complementary capabilities will be underpinned by the most advanced sales and marketing platform in the industry. Supercharging our creativity and delivering superior data-driven outcomes for the brands we work with. We remain confident regarding the completion of the deal in the second half of 2025 as well as in the value that the new entity can create for all our stakeholders. With that, I'd like to thank our partners and our people for their continued support and those of you on this call for your time. Let's now open the floor to questions.
Operator: Thank you. Unmute your phone and record your name clearly. If you need to withdraw your question, press star two. Our first question comes from David Karnovsky of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
David Karnovsky: Hi. Thank you. It'd be great if you could dig in a bit more on the types of conversations you're having with clients right now and recognizing that's gonna differ a lot based on, you know, the vertical and geography. And curious how marketers are thinking about deploying media spend. I know you mentioned no marked change in activity, but kind of assuming that's a comment on overall levels, are you seeing any shifts within total outlays? So for instance, are clients, you know, pulling dollars from brand channels, and into performance or, you know, maybe putting greater reliance on principal media buying just given the uncertainty? Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. No. I mean, we haven't seen that change. So I think if you were to strip it back, as you asked the question, the media market has been steady thus far into April, so we're basically not seeing the shift you're talking about. And so kind of existing trends unchanged kind of across all of the channels, whether that's linear, digital, streaming, or otherwise. I think that the conversations with clients go to some of what I tried to outline, you know, in the prepared remarks, which is that everybody is sort of pulling, monitoring for sentiment, I think the consumer's been resilient thus far. Obviously, the rate at which the sort of policy uncertainty it clearly is something that everybody everybody kind of filters through whatever you know, they're thinking about. Right? So if you think about groups with international sourcing sort of client organizations, they're thinking about know, that we've had something happen a few years ago where everybody thought about their supply chain, and you remember from that, the supply chains were resilient for quite some time. Then you think about, you know, specific industry sector I it's what we said, which is that you've got clients thinking about contingencies. You know, we're gonna sort of look bottoms up. I mean, when you think about prior cycles, if the economy slows, you know, from a discipline standpoint, where would we see it? We would see it in projects because they're somewhat more discretionary to your point. We might see it at know, kind of digital spend that that you can action more quickly, but at this point, everybody is very focused and everybody's trying to understand when there'll be some measure of clarity and you know, the changes are fairly significant and they happen on a you know, on a sort of weekly, if not, you know, quicker than that basis. So I can't really give you more than either how we're thinking on the media side, what are we seeing? On the consumer side, what are we seeing specific clients? And their industry, their sector, their business model. And everybody's clearly focused on it, and there are a lot of discussions about what it is that is available to us. Are we seeing significant moves to your point, to different channels or different tactics, disciplines, not at this point.
David Karnovsky: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just can you expand a bit on the SCA and E segment in the quarter? I think Alan noted experiential off. I know events can be choppy. But it's also, you know, we would think one of the more discretionary offerings you have. So just wanted to understand a bit better of the trend in that segment relative to the, you know, prior several quarters.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look. I mean, I think choppy is a good word for it. I mean, everything is clearly choppier. It is the segment in which you would see more project spend. Those are you know, I think we called out for you that you know, PR grew Gong was the key driver of that. And what you then have or three businesses that are you know, not don't have the such scale that you don't have specific client client specific events that would that would kind of drive that contraction. I don't know if Ellen has any.
Ellen Johnson: The only thing I would add to that is their performance was, you know, as we had expected entering the year. So assistance. So there was nothing that changed due to the macro that we're talking about.
David Karnovsky: Excellent, Clari.
Operator: Thank you. Alright. Our next question comes from Jason Bazinet from Citi. You may go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: I just I just had a quick question on working capital. You called out that low capital use in the first quarter. But I was just going back to my model. I haven't seen a number that low in over twenty years. So can you just unpack that a bit? Has anything changed in the way you're running the business? Or does this account loss related? Or what drove such a small number?
Ellen Johnson: You know, first of all, thank you for the question, and thank you for noting the historical low. However, as we say every quarter, working capital is volatile. We're very disciplined on how we manage it. That doesn't change from quarter to quarter from when we onboard a client to the management of payables. Extreme discipline and really consistent processes. It's just volatile. And whether you get paid on the thirtieth or the thirty-first or the first or the second, makes a big difference. This quarter, there was a slight influence from the restructuring. That benefited a little bit, but it still was a low. But I don't think anything structurally changed. I think you will see the volatility.
Jason Bazinet: Okay. Thank you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cameron McVeigh from Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead.
Cameron McVeigh: Hi. Thanks. Just had a couple Hi, Cameron. Yeah. I was curious how you would characterize the pricing environment and how you're thinking about how pricing powers trending in the industry and IPG specifically. And then secondly, you know, just the latest on any potential client conflicts you may you may have seen with the transaction with Omnicom and whether that has impacted the guide or expectations at all. Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: On the latter, I mean, we are now five months in. Right? And I think that we've been clear throughout that the industry's come a long ways relative to you know, the conflict issue, the nature of what we do, you the services we bring kinda were core to how companies do more than, quote, advertising, but ultimately, really how they to market across a range of marketing and sales channels. So at this point, we've not seen anything in that regard. No. It's hard not to then be superstitious and say, hold on a minute. Why'd you ask me that question? But clients as we said throughout, are very supportive. Right? They see that there are gonna be meaningful benefits whether it's in terms of the range and sophistication of offerings, you know, inclusive of media, which maybe goes to the question you asked the first part of your question, The geographic complementarity, just a lot of the things that we've called out about the benefits of bringing of range of capabilities that is both very, very broad and very, very forward-looking and then being able to continue to invest behind those. So, you know, as we said, we stay close to clients independent of the macro. But so far, all the signals there are positive. And then on your pricing question, I think we've been answering versions of that question for some time as an industry, right, where there was the kind of, hey, to what extent is procurement a part of the conversations? To what extent do you have to demonstrate to clients that they're getting better, but they're also getting better with the benefits of efficiencies. So I don't I don't know that we're seeing anything, and I'll happily know, ask Ellen to jump in on this. But I don't think we're seeing anything that is sort of out of line with a sort of fairly long-standing trend line for the industry.
Ellen Johnson: No. I completely agree. It's been competitive and it remains competitive, but that's just part of the business.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. You may go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thank you, Michael. Good morning, Todd. I have a question for you. I asked John this question as well. Given the opportunity to create a bigger and better company, I kinda wonder what's new business activity look like in terms of pitches. I would think as clients await this combination, I would I would hold off, you know, looking looking for your new new partner. So could you talk a bit about the environment you're saying? In your business activity for you all and then for Ellen, on the headcount changes, there any way just to mention how much of that is organic versus tied to dispositions on those assets? Thanks. Alright. I'll let Alan take that one, and then I'll jump back in.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. We've said that the organic change was 6.5%. So that was part of the prepared remarks. And we are very focused as part of our transformation efforts on, you know, many things of and many ways of becoming more efficient. Part of that is a focus on greater centralization. We began that process well over a year ago by implementing common systems and technology. And now we're moving from a much more of a federated approach to a much more centralized operating model for many of our support functions. Including finance, HR, and IT. We're also really at standardizing processes and creating centers of excellence. Which will yield continue to yield greater efficiencies and give us more of an opportunity to focus on right shoring. In addition, on the agency side, we're really focused on driving platform benefits in key client-facing areas, such as production and analytics, And we're streamlining and simplifying certain of our organizational structures really optimizing spans and layers of management. So that's really where you're seeing the organic change coming from.
Philippe Krakowsky: On your question around kinda new business, you know, I think what's interesting is that it's we're new business is definitely the environment is, I'd say, sort of moving along. It's kind of happening at a level that's sort of a mid-range level. I think the macro might play a role as well, and then if you sort of think about when we've gone through more challenging economic cycles. And given that there's a lot of uncertainty out there right now, it does beg the questions about whether or not a marketer wants the incremental sort of challenge of changing partners or assessing partners. And then as I think you've probably heard or read, John and I have spent some time with the intermediaries who clearly run a lot of those processes so that there can be clarity on their part in terms of you know, kind of how we see the world and ultimately the ways in which the combined company will stand out and as we've said, we believe will bring an unmatched set of capabilities and skills. But we've also reiterated that in the interim, and until such time as we get you know, all the way through regulatory, it's business as usual. And so if you are gonna be in market you clearly should consider you know, both companies. Interestingly, I guess I misspoke because as we were here, we just cleared six. So Singapore just gave us the green light. So I would say that that new business activity industry-wide is solid, TBD, whether or not the macro will impact it. And then, you know, clients are pretty thoughtful. They're very sophisticated, and they understand what the benefits will be slash could be when our companies come together and if that informs their decision about how and when to think about you know, who their partners should be, that's clearly a decision that they will make. But we're not seeing dramatic change. Based on that.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Daniel Otsley from Wells Fargo. You may go ahead.
Daniel Otsley: Thank you. A question on margin. How should we think about the margin impact of the restructuring actions you've taken to date we'll see over the remainder of the year? How much of the run rate savings will you capture in this fiscal year? And then as a follow-up, you know, what areas drove the upsides to the restructuring savings target?
Ellen Johnson: So when we announced the transformational efforts or the restructuring, in February, we said the in-year savings would be $250 to $350. We've now increased the amount of the expected charge to $300 to $350. And on a run-rate annualized basis, we're also increasing the benefits we're seeing to at least $300 to $350 which we say will accrue to the newly, larger organization. And there's very little duplication I'll add with the $750 that is related to the Omnicom acquisition. We are just you know, all the areas that I outlined, we're just seeing more opportunities, and we're moving at speed to achieve them. So whether that's the centralization whether they have optimizing spans and layers of management, whether that's streamlining, more opportunities to reduce our real estate footprint as well as rationalizing underutilized assets. So the more we're getting into the transformation efforts, the more opportunity we're finding and we're moving at speed. To capitalize on them.
Philippe Krakowsky: It's there's nothing net new in terms of an area of focus for us. In terms of where we're centralizing, how we're standardizing, kind of where we're thinking about offshoring or what you could refer to as platforming. It's just that as the work is begun, we've just seen we've just seen more opportunity to rethink whether it's structures or really whether it's ways of working.
Daniel Otsley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Roch from Barclays. You may go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes. Good morning, Philippe, Ellen, Jerry. For taking my questions. No strategy, only numbers. So can we have an idea of how much of the $350 million restructuring is cash versus noncash? Looks like it was around fifty-fifty in Q1, but for full year and for next year. First question, then when will this cash restructuring take place? Only in 2025 or some in 2026? Can we have an idea of the phasing? And then an idea of the timing of the benefits between 2025, 2026, and 2027. And then on FX, if the rate or the exchange rate don't change at all for the rest of the year, can we have an idea of the impact Q2, Q3, Q4? Thank you.
Ellen Johnson: Good morning. Start with the FX, which if the rates continue, we're projecting about negative 60 basis points for the full year. As far as the timing of the savings and cash and non-cash, I'll start with cash and non-cash first. I would expect the ratio that you saw in Q1 to continue through the full program where it expecting to complete our program by the end of the year. With the majority of the expense takeout or the charges to be realized in the first half. The savings for the in-year are we believe, as we originally, but with larger savings on a run-rate basis in 2026 and beyond. They are structural savings, so they should be enduring.
Julien Roch: Okay. But but the not gonna get the whole $300 to $350 in 2026. Right? I mean, if you had to venture how much of that we'll gain in 2026 versus later?
Ellen Johnson: So the approximate $250 is what we're saying for 2025, and the $300 to $350 should be in 2026. And recurring beyond. Exactly.
Julien Roch: Okay. So we get the whole benefit in 2026 and then obviously, the same number going forward. Okay. Thank you very much.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Craig Huber of Huber Research Partners. You may go ahead.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you. Hey. Good morning. Thank you. I know we only have a few minutes here. Can you just update us on your AI efforts? How you feeling about that in terms of services enhancements, product enhancements versus cost savings area? Are you seeing those AI cost savings in the quarter we just finished? Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Owen, I think Ellen can speak to, you know, if you think if you're asking on the efficiency side, and then, obviously, I'm happy to talk about how it's integrated or sort of add to what was in the prepared remarks about kind of how it's being integrated on the capabilities and client-facing side.
Ellen Johnson: Yeah. I mean, as we're moving to more common systems, I mean, AI is a component of that. I think you will still see I think it's still early stages. Right? We're baking it into as many places as we can. We've had training across a lot of the corporate groups to really stimulate intellectual curiosity on all the different use cases. We're using it in our shared services centers to automate more processes. But as we continue to standardize and move into right shoring, there'll be more and more AI capabilities baked in. So I'd say we're seeing some but it's still early innings, and there's a lot more to come.
Philippe Krakowsky: And then on the client service capability product side, you know, we've talked about this in the past, and I know you've paid close attention to. In the Axiom business and across media brands, it's the technology, whether it was machine learning or otherwise, is something that's really been core to what we've been doing for a number of years. The impact of Gen AI the rate of adoption across the group has been, you know, I think increasing quite dramatically in the last six to twelve months. I called out something that, you know, I actually just spent some time with some clients on the earned owned social side and how it's really become core to how we're going to market in that whole part of the sector of the business, I think across the consumer ad agencies, whether at an FCB, at a Deutsch, in McCann, you're definitely seeing it being incorporated into a broad range of everything from the way in which we do strategy work and define audience opportunities so that it's really a business conversation with a client all the way through to the kind of smart production and delivery of content. And then, you know, the ability to then track that content and understand how consumers are interacting with that content. Which I think is interesting because it will, you know, increasingly open the opportunity for more accountability and more signal back, and therefore, on the creative sides of the business, I think a revenue model that's more performance-based. I think we're pleased at the degree to which AI is being incorporated to Ellen's point on the processes, how we run the business, but also the delivery of service and product to clients.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you both.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you. I think I understood that to be the last question. So as I said, we appreciate the attention. We look forward to updating you again in a couple of months' time, and you know, a lot can happen in those few months, so everybody here will be very focused on what we laid out, which is just our clients and delivering for them. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. This morning, we are joined by our CEO, Philippe Krakowsky and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market opens at 9:30 Eastern Time. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties and the cautionary statement that are included in our earnings release and the slide presentation. These are further detailed in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Philippe Krakowsky.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning. As usual, I'll start with a high-level view of our results in the quarter and for the full year as well as our operating outlook for the year ahead. Ellen will then add additional detail, and I'll conclude with thoughts on the compelling strategic benefits of our proposed acquisition by Omnicom. Turning to performance and beginning with revenue. Our organic revenue decrease in Q4 was 1.8%, bringing us to full year organic growth of 20 basis points. Our revenue change in the fourth quarter was largely due to the impact of the account activity over the previous 12-month period, which we had discussed with you on prior calls. Those headwinds intensified during the quarter, which was expected, but at a somewhat greater rate than we had anticipated. As a result, the full year fell shy of our forecast. While we saw the impact of those headwinds broadly across a number of disciplines and geographic regions, that was partially offset by notably strong growth in the food and beverage sector, as well as the return to solid growth in technology and telecom. As discussed on our last two calls, the underlying tone of business in the quarter did pick up from earlier in the year. It is also worth noting that we had several headline wins to close the year, including Amgen, Little Caesars and Volvo on the media front as well as Pizza Hut and the Kimberly-Clark creative consolidation, which took place in mid-January. This represents solid new business momentum, but those wins are too recent to have benefited our fourth quarter and wont fully be online until a bit later in the year. Turning to operating expenses and profitability in the quarter. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 24.3%. And with that performance, we delivered against the full year margin target of 16.6% that we had set at the beginning of 2024. That sustained level of profitability reflects strong operating discipline by our teams, notwithstanding a challenging year, while continuing our significant investment in talent and our technology and platform capabilities. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.92 as reported and was $1.11 as adjusted for acquired intangibles amortization, some initial deal expenses related to our planned combination with Omnicom and the nonoperating impact of nonstrategic businesses sold or held for sale. Full year diluted earnings per share was $1.83 as reported and $2.77 as adjusted. That compares to $2.99 in 2023. As a reminder, our EPS in full year '23 included the benefit of $0.17 per share related to the resolution of routine federal income tax audits of previous years. Over the course of the year, total capital returned to shareholders, between dividends and share repurchase, was $727 million. We suspended repurchases in the fourth quarter due to the pendency of the merger and given regulatory limitations, we expect to be back in the market after our shareholder meeting. It is also worth noting that while historically we have raised our dividend per share at this time of year, as we work towards the acquisition by Omnicom, both parties contractually agreed to no increases through the pre-merger period. As you heard last week in John's remarks, the expectation is that the free cash flow of the combined companies will be very substantial, and as such, it expects to increase Omnicom's historical capital allocation for dividends and share repurchases, while also being able to invest meaningfully into the combined business to further enhance its strength in key areas, such as technology and talent. As we look ahead to 2025, of course, one very significant focus is our commitment to bringing the merger to full effectiveness. A number of our competitors are clearly concerned enough about the combination that they have spent a lot of airtime talking about our being distracted. But our frontline talent is fully focused on clients, which is obviously as it should be, and we have a small and clearly defined group here at corporate that will be working on the day-to-day activities required for a successful integration. In the meantime, IPG will, of course, continue to operate independently. So it is appropriate that we continue to share our standalone outlook with you as part of these calls. Entering the new year, we have seen that clients remain focused on the need to drive growth. And that means investing in the ongoing evolution of their businesses, especially around solutions at the intersection of media, creativity, technology and data. Yet global macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty, which we had seen abate in the latter part of 2024 remains; and that is showing up in a somewhat more cautious and deliberative approach to budgeting on clients in certain industry sectors. During this year, we will also continue to navigate the weight of trailing wins and losses on our top line. As we have discussed previously, we are on the wrong side of the outcome in defending a number of very significant media accounts. It is worth reminding everyone that the decisive factor on those largest decisions was Principal Media and specifically the commercial terms enabled by Principal Media at scale. In one other important account shift in the healthcare vertical, where our capabilities have led to market for many years, a competitor was able to leverage its much greater size to win a significant portion of a large creative account that we have been awarded not long prior. Looking at just the three largest of those decisions, together, they will weigh on our growth for this year by 4.5 to 5 percentage points. Factoring in that headwind and with an offset of otherwise sound underlying performance, we are, therefore, targeting an organic decrease for 2025 of 1% to 2%. We estimate that quarterly revenue phasing will be significantly more challenged in the first half of the year with a net impact of wins and losses easing in the year's second half. It is important to highlight that our proposed combination with Omnicom will position us with greatly strengthened solutions for more competitive and better client outcomes. Turning to our outlook on expenses and margin for the year. As most of you know, we have consistently challenged ourselves with respect to our opportunities to evolve the architecture of our company both for client service as well as operating efficiency. You have heard me speak before that the structural changes that we need to make to improve our growth profile, namely investing in higher growth capabilities, increasing the integration of our offerings and constantly simplifying what it means to work with us. This also applies to our ways of working and our organizational structure. With an eye on the rapid evolution of our industry and its impact on our business, over the course of the back half of last year, we undertook a wide-ranging strategic analysis that included multiple avenues to rethinking our operating structure. This strategic review has been focused on maximizing opportunities as an independent IPG, but these efforts will also clearly benefit us when it comes to the combination of our company into Omnicom. Our outlook for 2025, therefore, includes programming of restructuring over the course of the year designed to transform our business, enhance our offerings and drive significant structural expense savings. This is a blueprint for accelerating change that includes speeding our progress on strategic centralization of many corporate functions, greater offshoring and nearshoring in both corporate services and certain areas of client service delivery, with the latter centers of excellence focused on platform benefits in key areas such as production and analytics. We will also continue to improve efficiency in the operational structure at a number of our agencies as well as further improve real estate efficiencies. Specifically, we expect that our program will generate in-year savings of approximately $250 million in 2025. The associated charge should be of an equivalent amount with a significant portion being noncash. We will recognize most of those expenses in the first and second quarters, and we will call those out for you in our P&L, and we plan to provide additional details on this plan with our first quarter report in April. To be clear, though, we believe these actions have very limited overlap with a $750 million of cost synergies anticipated as part of our proposed combination with Omnicom. As you heard in some detail from John last week, those savings are enabled largely by the combination of our two companies and the areas of focus he called out are not those that I just identified. Additionally, as John mentioned on his call, the $750 million of synergies excludes revenue synergies, synergies from automation, and incremental onshoring and offshoring. The restructuring is required given the opportunities for greater efficiency within our company and will allow us to become a part of the new Omnicom in the strongest possible position. In terms of 2025, with these strategic actions on costs, along with our usual strong operating discipline, we are targeting adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.6% under our expected organic revenue decrease of 1% to 2%. As we look ahead, we remain confident in the many fundamental areas of strength within our company and the enormous potential of our planned combination with Omnicom. I will come back with thoughts on the acquisition, but at this point, I would like to turn things over to Ellen for a more in-depth view of our results.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. I hope that everyone is well. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. Beginning on Slide 2 of the presentation, our organic decrease of net revenue in the quarter was 1.8%. That brings our organic revenue growth for the year to 20 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $591.2 million, and margin on net revenue was 24.3%. Adjustments exclude the amortization of acquired intangibles and a $9.3 million of deal expenses and SG&A related to our acquisition by Omnicom. For the full year, our adjusted margin was 16.6%. Our diluted earnings per share in the quarter was $0.92 as reported and $1.11 as adjusted. Below the line, we have adjusted for nonoperating losses from both the disposition of nonstrategic businesses and assets held for sale. Our adjusted diluted EPS was $2.77 for the full year. We concluded the year in a strong financial position with $2.2 billion of cash on the balance sheet and with only 1.7x gross financial debt to EBITDA as defined in our credit facility. Our share repurchases during the year totaled 7.3 million shares, which returned $230 million to our shareholders in 2024. As Philippe noted earlier, we suspended our activity in the fourth quarter due to the planned acquisition by Omnicom. Turning to Slide 3, you will see our P&L for the quarter. I will cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Turning to fourth quarter and full year revenue on Slide 4. Our net revenue in the quarter was $2.43 billion, a decrease of 5.9% from a year ago. Compared to Q4 '23, the impact of the change in exchange rates was negative 50 basis points. The impact of net dispositions and assets held for sale was negative 3.6%. Our organic net revenue decrease was 1.8%, which brings us to organic growth of 20 basis points for the full year. Further down the slide, we break out segment net revenue performance. Our Media Data and Engagement Solutions segment decreased 60 basis points organically. Very strong growth at Acxiom was offset by continued decreases at MRM. Mediabrands decreased slightly in the quarter, less than 1% due to the significant impact of trailing account losses. Organic growth for the full year of this segment was 20 basis points. The organic decrease at our Integrated Advertising & Creativity Led Solutions segment was negative 4.7%. In large measure, performance reflects the decision of a single sizable client in the healthcare sector early in the year. We continue to have strong growth at Deutsche, and we had solid performance in the quarter at McCann, notably in the international markets. For the year, the segment decreased organically by 20 basis points. At our Specialized Communication & Experiential Solutions segment, organic growth was 1.3%. We had growth at Golin, in public relations and at Momentum and Octagon in experiential offerings, which were more than offset by softness elsewhere in the segment. For the year, the SC&E segment grew 1.3% organically. Moving on to Slide 5, our revenue growth by region in the quarter. The U.S., which was 60% of our fourth quarter net revenue, decreased 3.2% organically, reflecting the impact of certain accounts lost in late '23 and during 2024 be weighed on our growth broadly across our domestic operations. International markets were 40% of our net revenue in the quarter and increased 30 basis points organically. In the U.K., 9% of our -- which was 9% of our revenue in the quarter, the organic decrease was 3.3%. Growth at Acxiom and Golin was more than offset by decreases elsewhere in the portfolio. Continental Europe was 10% of our net revenue in the quarter and decreased 3% organically, which was against 11.7% growth a year ago. Declines in regional spending by global clients weighed on performance with the results notably soft in Germany and France. In Asia Pac, which was 8% of net revenue in the quarter, our organic decrease was 7.9%. The loss of certain global accounts weighed on results across the region. In LatAm, which was 6% of net revenue in the quarter, we grew 10.4% organically on top of 15% a year ago. Our strong growth was led by IPG Mediabrands and by market was led by Mexico, Argentina and Colombia. Our other international markets group, which consists of Canada, the Middle East and Africa, was 7% of net revenue in Q4 and grew 12.1% organically. Performance was due to strong growth in the Middle East where business rebounded from the impact of the events the year before. Moving on to Slide 6 and operating expenses in the quarter. Our fully adjusted EBITA margin in the quarter was 24.3%, which is the same level we attained in the fourth quarter of 2023. Our ratio of total salaries and related expenses improved 70 basis points to 58.7% compared with 59.4% in last year's fourth quarter. We have leveraged on base payroll and temporary labor, partially offset by higher expense for performance-based incentive programs due to the timing of accruals over the course of the year and increased severance expense. We ended the year with headcount of 53,300 which reflects an organic decrease of approximately 5% from a year ago and a total decrease of 7%, including our net business dispositions. Our office and other direct expense increased as a percent of net revenue by 20 basis points to 13.8%. Occupancy expense was flat as a percentage of net revenue, while all other office and other direct expense increased by 20 basis points, mainly due to higher levels of investment in technology. Our SG&A expense was 1.8% of net revenue, an increase of 90 basis points from a year ago due to $9.3 million of expenses related to the planned acquisition by Omnicom and strategic investments in senior enterprise talent and platform development. These expense ratios for the full year are available in the presentation appendix and reflect the same drivers that were at work in the fourth quarter. Strong leverage on salaries, offset by greater technology investments and increased strategic hiring in SG&A. Turning to Slide 7, we present detail on adjustments to our reported fourth quarter results in order to give you better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left-hand side with our reported results and steps through to adjusted EBITA and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles in the second column was $20.4 million. The small restructuring reversal was $6.4 million. Deal Costs pertaining to the planned acquisition by Omnicom were $9.3 million. Below operating expenses our net loss due to assets held for sale and the sales of nonstrategic businesses was $57.8 million. At the foot of the slide, you can see the after-tax impact per diluted share of each of these adjustments, which produced fourth quarter diluted EPS as reported at $0.92 to adjusted earnings of $1.11 per diluted share. Slide 8 similarly depicts adjustments for the full year, again, for continuity and comparability, bridging diluted earnings per share as reported of $1.83 to our adjusted $2.77 per share. It is also worth noting that shown on this schedule, our adjusted effective tax rate for the full year was 25.2% which is in line with our expectations. On Slide [9] [ph], we turn to cash flow for the full year. Cash from operations was $1.06 billion and was $1.22 billion before changes in working capital. Our investing activities used $151.1 million, mainly for CapEx of $141.8 million. Our financing activities, used a billion dollars mainly as shown here, for dividends on common stock and the repayment of debt in April and repurchases of our shares. Our net decrease in cash for the year was $198.7 million. Slide 10 is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the year with $2.2 billion of cash and equivalents. Slide 11 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt and our diversified maturity schedule. Total debt at year-end was $3 billion, and our next scheduled maturity is not until 2028. In summary, our strong financial discipline continues and the strength of our balance and liquidity needs that we remain well positioned, both financially and commercially. And with that, I'll turn it back to Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Ellen. As you have heard from us previously, until we have regulatory approvals, and the proposed combination with Omnicom is complete, we continue to be in market as an independent company. So I'll review the particulars of our performance as I would on any other quarterly call. An important announcement during Q4 related to the continued enhancement of Interact, the suite of integrated end-to-end technologies across our portfolio, and that is the latest evolution of our core technology infrastructure and marketing engine. This operating system integrates data flows across the consumer journey, from research and insights to creative ideation, production and commerce as well as powering media activation. Built and developed by our in-house product team, Interact represents many years of investing, refining and unifying core capabilities to ensure we can drive sustainable growth for our clients, whether in marketing or sales channels. And it is a foundational element of our go-to-market strategy, it is being used by a growing number of inter public companies on behalf of their clients. In the quarter, we also announced the planned acquisition of Intelligence Node, a leading e-commerce intelligence platform known for its data accuracy and global reach, specific to retail data. Intelligence Node's technology leverages AI to aggregate and analyze billions of data points across thousands of retail categories in over 30 global markets, delivering dynamic insights into consumer sentiment and a range of product attributes, including pricing, product availability and inventory levels as well as retail media. This move significantly enhances our existing commerce capabilities, providing clients with real-time intelligence to understand shopper trends, optimize performance in digital retail marketplaces and drive sales growth. In terms of operating unit level performance during 2024, IPG Mediabrands posted solid growth, and we saw a number of sizable new business wins to close the year. In the fourth quarter, Amgen and HelloFresh kept Mediabrands as their AOR and Volvo chose Initiative as its global media agency. The network also retained Unilever in LatAm and grew the business in Canada and MENA as part of that client's global media review. Mediahub was named AOR for Little Caesars and earlier this month, Alaska Air tapped UM as its U.S. media partner. Acxiom also posted good growth for the full year and in the quarter, which featured four large new business wins across industry sectors, including technology, financial services, healthcare and the public sector. These new engagements reflect Acxiom's expertise in leveraging first and third-party data to solve complex business challenges and helping clients maximize their own tech investments. We also consolidated all of IPG's Salesforce cloud services under Acxiom, which now offers clients consulting implementation and operational services across the full suite of Salesforce clouds, as part of IPG's centralized platform services. IPG Health continued to be the best-in-class creative network in its space, winning top honors at the MM&M Awards and the London International Awards. The network also expanded partnerships with clients -- certain key clients in the quarter, including AstraZeneca, Merck, Regeneron and Edwards Lifesciences. Our earned media solutions continue to evolve with leading offerings. Weber Shandwick launched a differentiated influencer offering that marries Acxiom data with cultural and commercial impact. And the company has added nearly a dozen new client assignments in the area using this tool and also won the Effie Award for the year's most effective influencer campaign for its work on behalf of Kellanova. During the quarter, Golin committed to being the first fully AI integrated PR agency by the end of this year. And over 80% of Golin's staff are now using AI as part of their daily workflows with more than 100 brands and clients benefiting from Golin's AI-assisted workforce. Our creative agencies continue to deliver powerful ideas that are winning in the marketplace for their clients. We have increasingly seen significant wins when we bring together creative, data and production with audience-led thinking and identity resolution powered by Interact. This includes Kimberly-Clark, which recently expanded its relationship with Interpublic as part of their global consolidation review process, with FCB as a lead agency and support from both MullenLowe and McCann. And this was the second sizable win for us with this integrated team and offering after the Kellanova consolidation last year. Notably, work from FCB for another such client, Budweiser, secured the #1 spot in the USA TODAY Ad Meter ranking for best commercial in this weekend's Super Bowl. Of course, given the requirements of sophisticated modern marketers, we have to not only maintain our commitment to great talent and tech-enabled capabilities but give thoughtful consideration to new structures and ways of working. As mentioned in my opening comments, Q4 saw us finalize plans for the organizational restructuring we will be undertaking this year. This program will include streamlining efficiencies within our agencies, centralization of a number of corporate functions, focus on greater offshoring and nearshoring, accelerating our progress on strategic centers of excellence in areas where platform services could benefit delivery and cost, such as production and analytics, as well as further improving our real estate footprint. These actions are necessary to ensure that a stand-alone IPG is in the strongest possible position despite our top line challenges. While some of the cost savings we generate will be invested in talent and technology capabilities in areas such as AI, identity resolution, content management platforms, commerce and data, the strategic restructuring and transformation will deliver savings in 2025 that position us to maintain margins this year and expand them going forward. These actions are independent of and importantly, complementary to our proposed combination with Omnicom, which will create the industry's most dynamic and well-resourced company. As I called out earlier, we believe there is limited overlap between the impact of these efforts and the synergies identified as a result of the proposed acquisition by Omnicom. Turning now to Slide 12. We outlined the full range of benefits that a combined Omnicom and Interpublic will deliver to our various stakeholders. For our clients and our people, expanded and enhanced products and services will mean significant value. Our combined operations will be positioned to offer clients multiple advantages that are unduplicated and superior to anything currently in market. They include media offerings that leverage an unparalleled scope and quality of investment data and technology. The proposed transaction will also enhance our collective commerce offerings and technology investments, bringing together specialized capabilities on both sides. In addition, our companies have highly complementary geographic footprints and a shared foundation of common values and culture. With respect to technology, the combined company will have exceptional identity resolution and commerce offerings based on a deeper understanding of consumers than any other provider. In terms of GenAI technologies, like some of our competitors at Interpublic, we have moved well beyond testing and are applying LLM and proprietary tools across media, creative, experiential agencies and other areas of our business. Together with Omnicom, we would be able to bring to market the combined resources of both companies, focusing our investment and then amplifying it against the larger platform. For clients, this means a foundation of compelling benefits, creating a seamless ecosystem where data, technology and creativity come together to drive innovation and deliver measurable business growth and outcomes against clearly defined KPIs. That is why we believe the differentiated offerings that will result from the combination will drive exceptional future revenue growth opportunities. I think it needs to be said, because there's been so much that has been said by others, who are not part of the proposed transaction, that our partners have been enthusiastic about our combination with Omnicom. Our client-facing colleagues within Interpublic, from those who create ideas to those who advise clients on their investment decisions to those who innovate with tech and data, they are all looking forward to the wider array of capabilities that we would be able to bring to marketers. Our teams appreciate that nobody in the industry has as comprehensive a solution as we will together with Omnicom. As you would expect, we have also spoken with our top clients. They see the benefits and understand that our partnerships and the value we can deliver for them will be meaningfully enhanced. So while we understand that our competitors are trying to disrupt what we are looking to build, it bears repeating that the integration will remain very focused and not get in the way of the services we deliver to clients every day. You have heard about the financial benefits both when we announced the deal and on Omnicom's call last week, from the revenue and cost synergies to the powerful balance sheet that will support capital return and accelerate innovation, to the accretive nature of the deal, it is a very compelling proposition. In terms of timing, the regulatory process is moving forward. We are progressing in the HSR review. And on February 10, we re-filed our HSR filing to continue that process, which is commonplace for transactions of this type. Foreign filing processes are also well underway and the special shareholder meetings to approve the transaction are scheduled for March 18. We continue to expect to close in the back half of this year. In the interim, as we have outlined for you today, we are taking steps to keep in our public competitively positioned for future success. Our strategic actions will bring us into the combination as the strongest possible company and will continue to build on our ability to deliver integrated client-focused services and solutions, and further align and extend key data and technology capabilities as well as remain true to our long-standing commitment to operational discipline and a strong underlying financial foundation. Thanks for your time today. And at this point, let us open the floor to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan.
David Karnovsky: Maybe just first with - on the underlying conditions, I think you noted improvement through last year, but maybe some incremental caution now due to the macro, especially in certain sectors. I wanted to see if you could expand on this a bit and also touch on tech where I think you said you returned to growth? And then second for Ellen, on the accelerated business transformation, the $250 million of net cost savings, can you help us understand that figure against the flat margin guide? What is actually realized this year versus items like severance that will show up in adjusted EBITA? And then is it reasonable to be extrapolating those savings out to, say, '26 with the implication that you would see a notable step-up in margin assuming steady revenue?
Philippe Krakowsky: On the revenue question, I mean, I think what I would just do is we have tried to give you a clear line of sight to the ups and downs of '25 and the degree to which just a number of those very large losses are weighing on the performance. So if you're looking at 4.5% to 5% of drag clearly, the underlying business is getting us back to the guide, not that we are happy that that has to be the guide. In terms of the fourth quarter, the runoff, certain of the accounts we mentioned was probably greater than expected. So cumulative way in Q4 of, again, just a few trailing losses was about 4% in the quarter. So all of that says to us that there is no new news, it is really timing. And then at a macro level, I think you heard us say towards the back half of the year that it looked as if people were [in the past] and beginning to really get -- with the reality that they needed to just start to make plans and invest in growth. There is one or two client categories or there is just -- you look at the degree to which there is some geopolitical macro that is uncertain. So I think it's just giving people kind of  it is just a slight downshift, it is nothing dramatic.
Ellen Johnson: Good morning, David. Thank you for your question. Regarding the business transformation and how it relates to the restructuring, I would say it is a continuation. All through 2024, we talked about how we were implementing common systems and standardizing our processes, which enables you to create centers of excellence. And a lot of what the restructuring is doing is doing just that, which is allowing us to be more efficient in the ways that we operate and more effective in the way we service our clients. And those are the types of things that we called out in prepared remark. As far as expenses and savings, we said we think the charges in '25 will equate approximately to the savings in the year, with more to come in future years, which would lead to expanded margins going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson: It was notable that you called out Principal Media as a factor for some of the client losses. Can you talk a bit about your ability, if this deal is done, how quickly do you think you could integrate their Principal Media business with your Mediabrands? So that seems like a big opportunity on the top line to maybe fix some of the losses. So if you talk about like your thesis on why it was better to merge than to build at that point for Principal Media?
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I mean I don't think that you would. I wouldnt do, there are so many parts of and so many strategic benefits to the merger. So yes, for us in '24, our media business, which has been a very strong performer for a long time, ran into challenges, and that was an area that we felt was of concern. So to the extent that you got in our perspective, soon to be partner, a great deal of expertise in that regard and then presence because you heard from us that we felt good about the way in which we were able to build the Principal ourselves domestically, kind of in the U.S., the options we were getting from clients, the degree to which we were able to put together a very sophisticated contemporary service offering and products there. I think that marrying that up to connecting it given the fact that Omnicom is sophisticated in that regard that they do this well and they do this globally [Audio Dip] benefit. But I think that there is just so much more about what and how the companies fit together, there is so much as complementary. The opportunity is much greater than, which is not to say that this is not one of the opportunity areas.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Roch with Barclays.
Julien Roch: My first question is in the proxy statement, you presented forecast where you have 110 basis point margin improvement in '26 and 100 basis point in '27, which is well above consensus. So can you confirm the forecast? And do you need more than the $250 million of savings you announced today to get there, i.e., get another round of cost-cutting next year, or with today's announcement, that is how you get to those margin improvement? That's my first question. The second one is, as you said that those savings you have announced today are largely independent from the $750 million. Kind of philosophically, if I take the -- to get the EBITA for the combined group, do I take what you have in the proxy statement forecast and just add $750 million to get combined EBITA? Because some clients are telling me that you will have some cost creep and I shouldnt do it like that. And then the last one, both John and yourself have said that client facing would be absolutely fine, would be better because they have better tools one should combine and that the merger benefit were mostly merging the back office. But if you do that and you do not consolidate any brands, you will end up as a combined company with 8 global media agencies and 8 global creative agencies. Is that the right number?
Philippe Krakowsky: Thats an awful lot to wrap one's head around in the time that we have got. So I guess I will start with the modeling that you would have seen in the filings was [Audio Dip] and clearly, it reflects the work that we shared with you that we are doing now. You have seen us in the past and act programs like this, and you have seen that they lead to tangible success. The degree to which having gone through the exercise that led to the cost synergies around the acquisition, the merger with John and his management team, we do understand these to be -- there is very limited overlap there. And then you start asking questions about running a very sizable enterprise. And so the benefits of all of the things that John called out around these two large companies together, the corporate compensation, the corporate SG&A, clearly our present in market and vendor cost savings, shared services, things of that nature, they are very, very significant. Our people and our clients are responding very, very well because as I have said, and I laid it out, I think, in a fair amount of detail, they see that as our businesses continue to evolve, and the investment that needs to happen in technology, the fit that we have got from a geographic point of view, what Flywheel and Acxiom can do together, the strength that Omnicom has through Credera, on the [indiscernible], there are just many, many things that fit together to the point of, the answer to Michael's question. I think that -- sitting here now and kind of going to a kind of gee, how many brands, what is the optimal organizational structure, I think what I would just point out to you is direction of travel, and you used the word philosophically, we are very aligned with Omnicom in terms of the fact that we have a commitment to strong agency brands. We win with talent by giving them the opportunity to come into the company within the cultures of those brands and then that talent wins for us with clients. Clearly, at the holding company level, we pick the strongest agency providers and put them into the teams that solve for the client. And increasingly, you have heard us talk about how we combine like-for-like to create centers of excellence and how then that ties into the platform services. So I do not know that answering the question about, gee, how many events is the optimal number at this point is super productive. But I think that we will have  we will be able to go to clients and give them options and very strong options in every one of the capability areas that matter. And we have got very complementary capabilities. So again, the revenue "synergy" the revenue opportunity is meaningful, and we will sort out the flying formation, but I do not think we will do it the next 3 minutes on this call. But hopefully, that gives you line of sight. That was a lot of questions in a finite period of time, so I think I covered most of what you asked.
Julien Roch: No, you did that. Sorry for being too ambitious, but thank you for an excellent summary.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Bazinet with Citi.
Jason Bazinet: I just had 1 quick follow-up on the $250 million of savings. Can you just talk a little bit more about the cost to achieve those? I was just a little bit confused when you called out the noncash component of those costs to achieve being significant?
Philippe Krakowsky: I think it is equivalent, as we said, and there will be some real estate, and there will be some degree to which we might also as we rationalize and standardize, to Ellen's point, some of our tech investments, we might be writing off an asset or 2 there, but nothing dramatic.
Jason Bazinet: There is nothing on the stock-based compensation side or anything, no?
Philippe Krakowsky: No.
Operator: Our next question is from Cameron McVeigh with Morgan Stanley.
Cameron McVeigh: Just curious how the healthcare is trending when you exclude the impact of recent account losses? And then secondly, when you think about giving CMO in a pitch, curious how if their priorities have shifted at all recently? And is principal-based media buying, is that the most important capability now to win or retain new business? Or how are you thinking about that?
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. Healthcare, independent of that one sizable swing. We see healthcare as growing this year. And as you know, it is one of our large sort of operating units. It is a modicum of -- I mean, I think everybody, whatever it has been 4, 5, 6 months, so was asking questions around that, and we were clearly giving you line of sight into. We have got every channel covered. We have got very, very deep subject matter expertise. And so if the playing field changes, all of those clients are still going to need to be in market. They are still going to need to be reaching not just consumers, but all of the other participants in the healthcare ecosystem, whether that is caregivers, whether that is doctors, whether that is so on and so forth. And so there will be some share shift in terms of how you reach them and that might have an impact on the media owner side, but we were clear that we did not see that as a meaningful concern sitting where we are. And then on the CMO question, I think that we have called that Principal because we built a media business that was very much about kind of consultative, highly database, sort of helping clients make the smartest possible investment decisions. That piece has come into the equation and for us is something we call out. I think it is important, clearly, but I think that you see the largest opportunities around media because that is where you have the fusion of technology, a lot of data. Clearly, now commerce is a very important part of this, and there is conspicuous strength in commerce on the Omnicom side, and we see a big opportunity connecting Flywheel and Acxiom. And you see some sizable integration opportunities like Kellanova or Kimberly-Clark for us in the last 6 months. So no, I think it is more sophisticated than that. But that clearly has become a part of the decision matrix.
Operator: And our last question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Philippe, I would like to hear a little bit more, if I could, about how 3 sectors are doing, the healthcare, technology and retail/e-commerce, maybe if you could give us how that organic growth reach or lack thereof did in the fourth quarter, maybe touch on your outlook for the new year for each of those?
Philippe Krakowsky: I mean, -- you are touching upon two in which we had these sizable losses, right? So obviously, we have talked a bit about the very big healthcare win that turned into a much smaller healthcare win for us and is impacting our results. The biggest media decision of the year last year was in the retail space. So as I said, I think independent of that one big swing item in health, we have healthcare growing this year, and it touches other parts of our world. You see healthcare clients in the media business. We have got  we have got a sizable healthcare practice on the PR side. Retail is just going to be muddied for us just because it is going to be the one very sizable loss there. And then tech and telco as mentioned, has come back and is now growing for us. So I think that, that probably covers it as best as I can. You are happening to pick two where we have got one very sizable item that's going to distort the result.
Craig Huber: Fair enough. Obviously, they are important sectors for you guys and elsewhere. Ellen, if I could just ask you a nitpick question, the $250 million of in-year 2025 cost savings, what is that on an annual basis as we exit 2024? Is that more like $350 million? How should we think about that, please?
Ellen Johnson: It's clearly going to be high. We do not have a full year of the benefit in 2025. And I would just reemphasize that it is incremental to the synergies that we have called out in relationship to Omnicom. I mean what we are really talking about here, as I mentioned, was creating centers of excellence, which also allows offering in nearshoring and just creating a lot more efficient operating structure, streamlining some of the operations at our agencies. So that should continue to benefit our margins. But again, very separate and apart from the deal synergies that we called out.
Craig Huber: And then, Philippe, if I could just squeeze in one more here before the market opens? I would love to hear from you the tone of business out there, putting aside the various losses that you have talked about here, how do you feel about the tone of business right now, the macro environment versus, say, a year ago right now? I mean what are your feedback from clients on that front?
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, I mean, as we said to you --, if you go all the way back to a year ago, there was a measure of caution and then as we move through 2024 [Indiscernible] meaningfully better, and we felt that people were leaning in towards the latter part of the year. And broadly speaking, I would say that that is still the case, but there are one or two big items that are pending in terms of the macro. But I think as we tried to call out in the remarks, we are seeing clients engaged. We are seeing fair bit of opportunity in terms of new business flow. There is some bigger than not opportunities. So it feels pretty solid, I would say. You are asking me, it's -- last year kind of had enough swing in it quarter-to-quarter. And when you say compared to last year, I do not want to say compared to what point in the year last year.
Craig Huber: Yes, I'm just trying to get a sense from you what you are hearing from your clients versus how they were feeling a year ago and by their spending levels for the upcoming year?
Philippe Krakowsky: Like I said, I mean it does vary sector to sector, you do not necessarily get the same read but it feels like, again, pending 1 or 2 kind of open macro items that are geopolitical, things are progressing. Appreciate the time today, and I look forward to speaking to you all again in April.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group Third Quarter 2024 Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. This morning, we are joined by our CEO, Philippe Krakowsky and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern Time. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties and the cautionary statement that are included in our earnings release and the slide presentation. These are further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Philippe Krakowsky.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Jerry. As usual, I will start the call with a high level view of our results and the business overall. Ellen will then provide additional detail on the quarter and I will conclude with highlights at our agencies and some strategic comments to be followed by your Q&A. To begin, our revenue before billable expenses was unchanged organically from the same period a year ago. In terms of client sectors, the quarter was highlighted by very strong growth in consumer-facing industries like food and beverage and consumer goods, as well as our other category of diversified and public sector clients. From the standpoint of disciplines, we saw solid growth at IPG media brands, Octagon, Acxiom, Deutsche, and our public relations offerings. However, our growth did slow from this year's first half due mainly to the timing of an account loss that we've discussed previously, which weighed on growth in Q3. During the quarter, we also saw meaningful progress in the strategic actions that we had talked about in July to address underperformance at our digital specialist agencies. Reflecting where we are in that process, those assets became classified as held for sale. To note, third quarter performance brings our organic growth over the first nine months to 1%. Regionally in the quarter, the U.S. was flat organically. In our international operations, we were paced by continued strong growth in Latin America, along with modest growth in our other markets group in Continental Europe. Asia PAC and the UK decreased from a year ago. Looking at our operating segments, IPG Media Brands and Acxiom drove growth at our media, data, and engagement solutions segment, but that was tempered by results at MRM. We saw an organic decrease in our integrated advertising and creativity segment with mixed performance by agency, and in our segment of specialized communications and experiential solutions, growth in the quarter was driven by Octagon, Weber-Shandwick, and Golin. From the standpoint of client sector performance, as mentioned, in addition to very significant increases in the food and beverage and consumer goods sector, we had solid growth in our other category and some more modest increases in the healthcare, retail, and financial services sectors. Decreases in the auto and transportation and tech and telecom sectors were due to account losses in late 2023. Turning to expenses and margin, I should first note that our third quarter included non-cash goodwill impairment expense of $232 million, related to our digital specialist agencies, and our progress in the sale process of our R/GA, and Huge. The adjusted operating metrics will cover with you today exclude that non-cash item. As you can see, our teams continue to effectively balance cost discipline with ongoing investment in the evolution of our business. Third quarter adjusted EBITA margin was 17.2%, which matches our strong performance a year ago, and adjusted EBITA was $385.8 million. Compared to the same period last year, we had leverage on base payroll, temporary labor, and incentives. We also continued to invest at higher levels in technology, business transformation, and senior talent, particularly for centralized platform resources, which in turn resulted in increased office and other, as well as SG&A expense. Diluted earnings per share in the quarter was $0.05 as reported and $0.70 as adjusted for the write down of goodwill acquired intangible's amortization, and the impact of net business dispositions and held for sale. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.2 million shares, returning $100 million to shareholders. Turning to our outlook for the remainder of the year, there are several factors in play. Economic and political uncertainty in the U.S. and in many of the largest international markets remains a significant consideration. This is especially relevant, given the relatively high levels of discretionary project spend that characterized Q4 in the holiday season. That said, our recent operating reviews have shown a strong pipeline for Project Work in 2024, excuse me, Project Work in Q4, as well as larger AR assignments that would take effect in the new year. We're focused on capitalizing on those opportunities since we will be facing top line headwinds as we head into 2025 due to the news flow we've seen on some recent large account reviews. All in for the balance of this year, we continue to believe we will deliver organic revenue growth of approximately 1% and at that level of growth, we remain committed to our margin goal for the year of 16.6%. As I just mentioned, we're looking to close the year as strongly as possible. Equally important, we have clear line of sight to the structural and market-facing changes that we need to make to improve our growth profile. Many of you have heard me speak before to the need to change our asset mix, which currently means more heavily to capabilities that have more limited growth rates than the asset mix that one might find in some of our competitors. Also, in media, an area we have always excelled, the recent shift in trading terms that have seen many clients accept and even embrace principal buying has clearly impacted our business. Those are all areas on which we are focused and making progress in transforming the business. Our very strong underlying financial position and our track record of operational delivery give us a solid foundation from which to drive the necessary changes in the composition and capabilities within the portfolio. I'll have more to add on that score a bit later, but for now, I'll turn things over to Ellen for a more detailed view of the quarter.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you, Philippe. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. Beginning with the highlights on Slide 2 of the presentation. Our third quarter revenue before billable expenses or net revenue decreased 2.9%, with organic performance that was flat with a year ago. Our organic net revenue was unchanged in both the U.S. and our international markets. Over the first nine months of the year, our consolidated organic revenue increase was 1%. Third quarter adjusted EBITA was $385.8 million, and our adjusted margin was 17.2%. In the quarter, we recognized a noncash charge in operations of $232.1 million related to both the write-down of goodwill to fair value at the digital specialist agencies and the planned sale of R/GA and Huge. Our diluted earnings per share was $0.05 as reported and $0.70 as adjusted. The adjustments exclude the after-tax impacts of the noncash goodwill impairment charge, the amortization of acquired intangibles, and the non-operating impact of sales of certain nonstrategic businesses and operations held for sale. We repurchased 3.2 million shares during the quarter, returning $100 million to our shareholders and 7.3 million shares in the first nine months, for a total of $230 million year-to-date. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Turning to third quarter revenue in more detail on Slide 4. Our net revenue in the quarter was $2.24 billion. Compared to Q3 2023, the change -- the impact of the change in exchange rates on revenue was negative 50 basis points. The impact of our net acquisitions and divestitures was negative 2.4%, which includes the held-for-sale classification of R/GA and Huge during the quarter. Our organic revenue was unchanged. For the nine months, our organic revenue increase was 1%. In terms of client sectors in the third quarter, performance was mixed with six of our eight client sectors showing growth. Our growth was led by very strong performance in food and beverage, where we had a notable tailwind from account wins and in consumer goods as well as in our other sector of diversified and public sector clients. The healthcare, retail and financial service sectors also grew in the quarter. Going the other way, we saw decreases in auto and transport and tech and telecom due to account losses in 2023. The bottom of this slide is a look at our segments. Our Media Data & Engagement Solutions segment increased 1.2% organically. We again saw solid growth at our media businesses in Acxiom, though that performance was partly offset by decreases at MRM. Our Integrated Advertising & Creativity Led Solutions segment decreased organically by 1.9%. We have very strong growth at Deutsche, but that was more than offset by decreases at IPG Health, McCann Worldgroup and McCann Worldgroup, mainly due to revenue headwinds from trailing account losses. At our Specialized Communications & Experiential Solutions segment, organic growth was 1.2%, led by very strong growth at Octagon and our Experential Group and continued growth in public relations at Weber and Golin. Jack Morton and Momentum decreased in the quarter. Moving on to Slide 5, which is a regional view of our organic net revenue performance. The U.S. was 65% of net revenue in the quarter and was flat organically. We were led by very strong domestic growth at IPG Mediabrands, Octagon, Weber Shandwick, Deutsche and solid growth at Acxiom. That was offset by decreases also in the portfolio, notably at IPG Health, MRM and McCann. International markets were 35% of net revenue in the quarter and were also flat organically across a range of performance by region. The UK was 9% of net revenue in the quarter and decreased 70 basis points organically. Strong growth by Mediabrands was offset by soft performance also in the portfolio. Continental Europe, which represented 8% of net revenue, increased organically by 60 basis points in the quarter. Among our largest national markets on the continent, we saw advances in Spain and France, while Italy and Germany decreased. Asia Pac was 7% of net revenue in the quarter and decreased 7.4% organically. The quarter was marked by decreases across our major markets in the region. LatAm was 5% of net revenue in the quarter, and organic growth was 9.8%. We were led by IPG Mediabrands and McCann, with increases across all major national markets. In our other markets group, which is comprised of Canada, the Middle East and Africa and with 6% of our net revenue in the quarter, we grew 1.5% organically, led by growth in Canada, while the Middle East was flat. Moving on to Slide 6 and operating expenses in the quarter. Our net operating expenses, which excludes billable expenses, the amortization of acquired intangibles and the noncash goodwill impairment, decreased 2.9% from a year ago, which was in line with our reported net revenue decrease. The result was our adjusted EBITA margin was unchanged at 17.2%, which historically is at the top end of the range for the third quarter in our seasonal business. As you can see on this slide, our total Salaries & Related expenses as a percentage of net revenue was decreased by 100 basis points to 65.3% compared with 66.3% a year ago. Underneath that result, we had lower expenses as a percent of net revenue for base payroll, benefits and tax as well as for temporary labor and incentives. Our severance expense in the quarter ticked up 10 basis points to 1.1% of net revenue. Our headcount decreased 3% on an organic basis from a year ago and 4.4% in total. Each of these ratios is presented in the appendix on Slide 31. Also on the slide, our Office & Other Direct expense was 14.6% of net revenue compared with 13.8% a year ago. Underneath that comparison is planned investment in technology and business transformation as we have highlighted previously. Our SG&A expense was 90 basis points to net revenue compared with 70 basis points a year ago. The increase reflects higher levels of strategic investment in senior enterprise leadership and platform development. On Slide 7, we present the detail on adjustments to our reported third quarter results in order to provide better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left-hand side with our reported results and from left to right, steps through to adjusted EBITA and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles was $20.3 million. The noncash impairment of goodwill was $232.1 million. Below operating income, net losses on businesses sold and held for sale was $1.7 million. It's worth noting as well that this slide bridges our effective tax rate in the quarter as reported to the adjusted rate of 26.2%. At the foot of the slide is the bridge of our diluted EPS as reported at $0.05 to adjusted earnings of $0.70. Slide 8 tracks the similar adjustments for the nine-month period. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.66 for the period. On Slide 9, we turn to cash flow in the quarter. Cash from operations was $223.8 million compared with $242.7 million in the third quarter of last year. Operating cash flow before working capital was $374.2 million compared with $365.4 million a year ago. In our investing activities, we have the net $41.4 million, primarily for CAPEX. Our financing activities is $219.3 million, primarily for our regular quarterly dividend and share repurchases in the quarter. Our net decrease in cash for the quarter was $15.3 million. Slide 10 is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.53 billion of cash and equivalents. Slide 11 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt. As you can see on the schedule, total debt at quarter end was $2.9 billion, and our next maturity is not until 2028. In summary, on Slide 12, our strong financial discipline continues, and the strength of our balance sheet and liquidity means that we remain well positioned, both financially as well as commercially. I would like to express my gratitude for the efforts of our people. And with that, I'll turn it back to Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Ellen. As I mentioned on the call with you last quarter, our organizational structure continues to evolve, and we're investing in the stronger growth areas of our business and at the same time, moving rapidly to address underperforming areas of the portfolio. When stepped forward on this front that was announced just last week, with the launch of the next evolution of our marketing intelligence engine, which we're calling Interact. Interact is an end-to-end framework that integrates data flow across the campaign life cycle from brand research, as well as audience insights and audience creation, all the way through to creative ideation, production, commerce, and personalized CRM programs. It also powers media activation and optimization, including earned and owned channels. Fueled by Acxiom's privacy compliant and globally-scaled data about actual people and our real ID identity resolution capabilities, Interact delivers connectivity across our agencies and global reach. It serves as Interpublic's core technology infrastructure, incorporating capabilities and tech from our partnerships with leading players in the AI space, and it connects the entire portfolio so that our agencies can drive better marketing results across media channels and touch points for our clients all in real time. This includes our unified retail media network solution, which is particularly relevant as marketers increasingly look to make informed investment decisions in this very dynamic space. Among the enhancements that we announced last week is a significant increase in speed to market, which will lead to improvements in business performance for our clients, especially in key sales channels. As we've discussed, we'll continue to move to a more holistic solutions driven from the corporate center and to making greater personalization and performance a part of all of our service offerings. Interact is key to that vision, and it ensures that the entire portfolio is connected to the horizontal platform capabilities we've been talking about, that is data production, commerce and media activation. Now our data expertise and technology tools have been core to our media offerings for some time into the very strong performance of our Mediabrands unit. That said, as of a bit over a year ago, we are clearly operating in a competitive environment where macro uncertainty and other economic factors put a much greater premium on cost and efficiency. Given that marketplace evolution, we continue to scale our practice in Principal Media Mining. This represents an incremental option for value creation for prospective clients, which has been a decisive factor in some large pitches. It's also an area of opportunity for growth with our existing client base. Worth noting that when we all talk about "principal media," there's actually a broad range of activity, whether that's deal types, types of products that are available under this umbrella in order to generate volume-based value for marketers. Our principal buying solution is purpose-built for the current media ecosystem, meaning that it's an offering that includes the full range of inventory options that includes Connected TV, social search ads, retail, media and other digital media formats. We put in place the necessary guardrails to exclude low-quality inventory. And it's a bit like the skinny bundle approach taken by certain media owners to get consumers all of the content they need with advantageous pricing. This strategic approach gives us the ability to drive value for clients, while also ensuring we can meet the needs of marketers who operate in highly regulated industries and those that place a higher value on brand safety. Since launching this incremental dimension or practice area, within the media offering, there's been strong interests from existing and prospective clients. We've seen some early wins in new business, and many of our clients have already opted in -- fully opted in to this new trading model going forward as of the new year. As we build scale, we'll also be well positioned to incorporate data and tech components into the value propositions that we placed before marketers. Now we've already discussed the performance of some of our store assets, Media brands and Acxiom, but moving now to operating highlights from the quarter. Acxiom was recognized at the annual MarTech Breakthrough Awards for having the industry's best customer intelligence platform. The award noted our leadership and innovation when it comes to people-based marketing and cited Acxiom's capabilities in integrating high-performance audiences, the most comprehensive data sets, and advanced identity resolution to deliver actionable and impactful insights for omnichannel experiences. In Media brands, this quarter saw the conclusion of the Unilever Global Media review, in which we retained existing assignments in global markets and won several additional new remit, including Canada and North Africa from competitors. New client at Top Media Hub as its AOR, and Mediabrands also expanded its leadership position in health care marketing by launching Mediabrands Health to the new offering that allows health care marketers to tap the full power of our media network as well as capabilities within IPG Health's solved offering and Acxiom Health, Interpublic's category-specific customer intelligence, data spine. At IPG Health, we continue to lead this sector when it comes to recognition of the quality of our work for clients. Two weeks ago, we led all holding companies in trophies at the health care marketing industries premier awards competition, winning 27 medical marketing and media awards across a range of clients, including TiVo, Burn Ingelheim, Pfizer and Jazz Pharmaceuticals as well as categories such as health tech innovation, best purpose-driven campaign and use of influencer marketing. The last of those was fueled by IPG Health recently created influencer ID unit, which provides tailored solutions for health care marketers as they seek to harness the power of influencers in the patient, caregiver and digital opinion leader communities. Among our creative agencies, as mentioned earlier, Deutsche has been a standout this year. Based in Los Angeles, the agency recently completed a rebrand to Deutsche as a follow-on to our disposition of Deutsche New York and Hill Holiday earlier this year. The agency during the quarter also won Behr Paint and launched breakthrough work for long-term clients, Dr. Pepper and Taco Bell. At McCann, the quarter included agency of record wins for Peroni globally, and significant regional assignments on key Ferrero brands, Kinder and Tic Tac. We also learned that the agency's documentary to honor the creator of the Because You're Worth It campaign, produced in partnership with L'Oreal, will be eligible for an Oscar nomination. Still within the IAC segment, we continue to see industry validation of the strength of our creative offerings. The recently released world creative rankings saw FCB New York take the top spot industry-wide, with four other IPG agencies in the top 20. And during the quarter, we were also honored as the 2024 Holding Company of the Year at the New York Festival Awards, where McCann was named Network of the Year. Turning to our SC&E segment, our Sports & Entertainment division, Octagon, posted very strong growth. The agency secured landmark player contract extensions for two clients, making them the highest paid players -- individual players in the NBA and NHL. Octagon also assisted GEICO in securing a new MLB partnership, supported more than 50 talent clients participating at the Olympic Games, as well as a number of brand clients in activating their IOC sponsorships, including AB InBev, Cisco, Delta Airlines, and Toyota. In the earned media space, Weber Shandwick announced new client partnerships with Primark, the Aspen Group, and a leading clinical stage biopharmaceutical company, Bicycle Therapeutics. Golin saw good growth in the quarter across a number of practice groups, including influencer marketing, content creation, and social. Agency continues to invest in talent, bringing on board a new executive to lead global AI learning who will drive the design, development and delivery of multimodal AI training programs for Golin's employees worldwide, as we've mentioned before, an area in which Weber does a lot of training with our client base. Other developments of note in the quarter at IPG level included our announcement of the arrival of a Chief Strategy Officer for Interpublic, exceptional practitioner who understands the current consumer landscape, and the needs of modern marketers and who will help accelerate the rate at which all of our disciplines lean into data, audience-led thinking, and our other central platform resources. We also look forward to welcoming an industry leader shortly, who will helm content production strategy in a public level. As mentioned last quarter, our production teams across the group have the full breadth and range to deliver integrated and efficient solutions for our clients globally. We've unified all aspects of the content supply chain as a function of our agreement with Adobe, announced earlier this year, to use their generative AI technology as the common platform across Interpublic, and that is connected to the Interact marketing engine for data insights and activation. Together, this allows us to enhance the work we're doing with clients on mass personalization and bring the same level of precision and accountability to the creative side of the business that we've been delivering in media and CRM for some time. And by designating an owner and internal champion for production, which is another important platform layer of the business, we ensure that we're driving the best outcomes for our clients, but also maximizing our enterprise investments and partnerships in technology and AI. So along with our Chief Client and Business Officer and now IPG level disciplined leaders in creativity, commerce, and solutions architecture, these two appointments round out a strong senior corporate team that can move us forward as an increasingly integrated whole. As discussed previously, we remain focused on finishing out the year strongly, have a strong pipeline in place of both Q4 activity and longer-term AOR opportunities, and remain focused on achieving our organic growth of approximately 1% and at that level, continue to target adjusted EBITA margin of 16.6%. Now thinking beyond this year to some of the topics mentioned in my earlier remarks, we've begun the process of streamlining the portfolio in 2024 with divestitures from among our independent agencies and the process that we brought you up to speed on with two of our specialized digital agencies, which is moving along. We're also closely looking at strategic options to drive incremental growth through internal combinations that help us to achieve scale or to connect complementary services and we're looking at actions that would further rebalance the asset mix through potential dispositions. We believe there's more to be done when it comes to our operational structure and profitability. That will mean better leveraging our platform services and growing investments at the enterprise level, further refining ways of working and making even more effective use of near and offshoring. We're also assessing structural actions, such as moving to unified back-office and leadership teams in many international markets as well as our use of real estate to both improve collaboration and eliminate unnecessary costs. In terms of additional growth drivers going forward, we've gone into some detail this morning on the status of Principal Media. That's the lever that not only impacts performance and competitive reviews, but will also allow us to offer existing clients a range of new products, and therefore, represents a meaningful opportunity for organic growth within our current roster, with benefits in 2025 and beyond as we scale its development. We achieved consistent strong organic growth for many years through investment in talent and with limited tactical M&A, with the one exception being Acxiom, of course. M&A is an area in which we'll lean in and consider a range of actions that can help us scale capabilities that are key to [indiscernible] also those which can help us accelerate the change in our asset mix and growth profile. Specifically, we see strategic opportunity in specialized data assets in commerce and retail media. Also, companies with retail media technology platforms and reach given that's a sector that's growing quickly and should continue to thrive. Tactical options to enhance the scale of our media offerings, especially in certain international markets are also ones that we're going to take under consideration. Important to note, we've always been disciplined buyers and integrators of businesses, and we believe the type of M&A activity I'm alluding to here is achievable, consistent with our long-standing commitment to strong capital return. Our balance sheet and liquidity provide a strong foundation from which to move forward with this set of transformational actions, which represents significant drivers of value. Thanks for your time today. As always, thanks also need to go to our client partners and our people. And at this point, let's open the floor to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Adrien de Saint Hilaire with Bank of America. You may go ahead.
Adrien de Saint Hilaire: Hello. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the presentation. So, I've got a couple of questions, please. So your guidance for 2024 seems to imply that Q4 will improve a little bit from Q3, notwithstanding the uncertainty that you talked about in the U.S. So just curious if you could double-click a bit on what's driving that exactly, what's the recent tone of conversation with your clients? And then secondly, from what we know today, and I appreciate that we don't always know everything, but how big of a headwind do you think net new business is going to be for 2025 on your organic sales growth? Thanks a lot.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. I think tone of business has been a bit of a journey this year. As you know, we came into the year called out that sort of geopolitical and social uncertainty at the global level. And then I think domestic fiscal policy in the U.S. being pretty much stuck was creating an impact on the operating environment, such that in the prior quarters we were saying to you things don't feel as if they're heading, not dramatically, but not in the right direction. But at this point, we are definitely like the sense that things are improving. And I think clients seem to be looking past all of the -- I think it's becoming -- the global situation is becoming a given. And then fiscal policy, at least in the U.S., is moving, broadly speaking, positive direction. And I think people are assuming that regardless of what does happen, everybody will get through to the other side of the uncertainty caused by the political side of things. And so as we said, activity has been picking up. And we're definitely seeing a lot of opportunities show up both in the project side of things as we look to Q4, but we're seeing a very active pipeline I spoke to and really can't speak. So we've got a number of steps forward now that principal is beginning to be kind of core to or at least integrated into our media offering. So we've got a couple of confirmed wins on the media side that are not yet announced for the client, and therefore, it's not something we can speak to. And then on your broader question, it's hard to forecast a year ahead when you're still in October, and that's on any given year. And this is a year where we've been clear that we've definitely had a couple of headline reversals, whether it was early in the year with a pharma client on the creative side, obviously, an Amazon decision that did not go as we would have liked to see it go. So last quarter, we said we're neutral for new business at that point in time. At this point through the year, we're still neutral, and yet we know that we have these things that will be headwinds. But I don't really think that we can give you kind of a line of sight to what that number is quite yet. I mean, obviously, when we head into 2025, we'll as always be very transparent about the ins and outs of what's going on in the business. But clearly, likely we're looking at headwinds going into next year on the top line.
Adrien de Saint Hilaire: Thank you, Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: No, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. You may go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Hey, thank you. Philippe, you've highlighted economic uncertainty as a consideration in the year-end. At the same time, you're giving good visibility in the year-end project work. Just wanted to see if you could square the two, are marketers just simply moving ahead, regardless of whatever macro concerns are out there? And then on Principal Media Buying, can you just clarify -- you noted a couple of times this would be a benefit, not just in review, but accretive with existing clients. Can you expand a bit on why that is, why is it additive to growth instead of clients just shifting and how they spend with you?
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. On the first question, I would say, as to Adriens question, the tone of the business is improving. And so although the macro uncertainty was maybe an incremental negative to date this year, I think it's just been sort of baked in and people are just getting on with it. And so it does feel as if, notwithstanding that noise, there's more conviction and we saw an improvement in the tone. And then on principal, if I'm going to walk you through a series of sort of steps in the thought process, it's definitely driving more of the decision-making or it's a criteria -- criterion that has moved meaningfully upstream. It used to be you don't do this. Now it's part of the decision matrix for many clients. But what you have to understand is that it's a bundled solution, which is sort of at the intersection of inventory and data and technology, right? So what you're able to do to a client is not to say where does spend go, but how will we take the budget into the marketplace to drive the greatest value for the client, and that can then mean that, as I said, there are sort of product offerings that have not been part of what we've gone to market with, which we can now bundle and take to them. So that's why we see it as a driver of incremental sort of organic, not new business, but true organic opportunity with our existing clients. I think the other thing -- the other implications that it has are you have to be very choiceful and thoughtful in terms of how you go to market and who you go to market with. So I think you pick fewer, bigger, more strategic partnerships on the media owner side. And that creates value that then benefits to your clients, but that we obviously share in as well. And then I think the last observation I would make is that if you sort of go and look at the two sides of the coin, there's been a, call it, sort of an underlying shift in the trading terms on the media side. Our model was very much one predicated on a consultative front end and total agnosticism on media. So in this last 12-ish, call it, 18-month period, as that shift has happened, others have been better positioned. But the other side of that coin is that as a fast follower, I think we've got a lot of upside ahead. One of our senior media folks sort of said, "We've got significant unencumbered billings that we haven't committed into the market with this model, whereas perhaps others who are further along in applying this model have essentially already leaned into it. So there's more greenfield, we think, in terms of kind of what we can do that is good for clients, but also that will benefit us.
David Karnovsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tim Nollen with Macquarie. You may go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Hi, thanks. Philippe I wanted to follow up on your question -- or your comments about some of the, I guess, internal moves. It seems like there's been quite a bit going on already. I wonder if you could give us a bit more in terms of organically, what's the scope of reorganizations and things that you're going to be working through? And then externally, we know that R/GA and Huge are on the block. Are you looking at other potential divestitures, could you give us an update on R/GA and Huge, and what's your kind of appetite for M&A, so kind of altogether internal and external reorganizations? Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, I think we've got a group of assets that have worked very well. You are -- it's a service business, and it's got a lot of scale and complexity to it. So as you're going to make changes, you want to be thoughtful and deliberate about it. I think we've been very direct and upfront with all of you about how we've moved through the thought process and what it has led us to, I think, on Huge and R/GA. We're obviously far enough along there that the noise that you see on the goodwill side, you have a triggering event that says, okay, where and how are we sitting vis-a-vis that goodwill. But I think that we clearly feel that there is line of sight to a conclusion to that process. So it's good ways down the track. And I'll talk sort of knock wood or try not to look at anybody in the room who might be staring daggers at me because you don't want to obviously -- we're all superstitious, but we feel like a lot of work has gone into that, a lot of conversations. We're well down the tracks on that. I think your question on -- we've talked about the fact that we see benefit when we create scale or combined centers of excellence. So I don't think we're going to try to recreate miniature versions of the holding company by putting things that are not alike together but there is still a way to go in terms of sorting through whether or not like any company in our space, we're all carrying legacy and being incumbent upon us to sort of push on whether some of these assets would perform better if they were centralized leadership. Dispositions, I think openness to and we'll look at what makes sense, and there is a bit of addition by subtraction when you've got things that are holding you back, I talked about our growth profile as a function of our asset mix. So I think that's definitely going to be a filter we apply to a lot of the decision-making around here going forward. And then on M&A, I think you've seen some of the benefits that competitors have accrued. We've always been a build it from the talent. It's worked out very, very well for us. But you look at something, whether it's rate of change post-pandemic, whether it's clearly the scale and the opportunity at retail media and commerce activity that is connected to retail media. And now with our platform and with Gen AI, you can really combine, you can push, you can sort of just connect it all. You've got a through line across the group. So I think, as I said, that's another piece of the four or five key priorities that will push harder on in 2025 still.
Tim Nollen: Great, thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. You may go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. Maybe first, just to follow-up on those last statements, Philippe. So you mentioned strong balance sheet and some of the things you're doing to look to improve the portfolio. I think I take that to mean organic -- sorry, inorganic investments. So I just wanted to see if you confirm that you are considering some potential inorganic growth, whether that's to drive principal media buying or retail capability or others. So is that correct, and if so, could you help us frame that maybe within the scope of what your appetite could be, could something be as big as Acxiom once was or a bit more modest? And then, Ellen, just on the guide as we think about the 1% for the year. How do we think about what R/GA and Huge do within that, I think that you removed them from the quarterly organic growth. So I'm guessing they're out for the back half of the year. So is that correct and was there any real change to the underlying guide based on what happened with R/GA and Huge that we can interpret into the rest of the business? Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: I'll let Ellen go first on your question, and I'll sort of pile on my answer to the prior one.
Ellen Johnson: Sure, good morning. Our 1% does for the rest of the year exclude R/GA and Huge. I don't think anything has fundamentally changed to the underlying business that we've guided to you in July. We just became far enough along in the sales process that asset held-for-sale accounting applies. And we've been very consistent with our practice in convention with organic removing it from the beginning of the quarter.
Philippe Krakowsky: It's something we've done throughout. It just so happens that as dispositions go these are probably larger than what you would have seen us doing in the past because prior, it was mostly de minimis cleanup of small international operations. And on your prior question, I think inorganic definitely has a role to play. And I think the places where we are most focused are retail media tech platform assets. Obviously, you look around some of the deals that have been done in the space of late in and around that space, and the multiples are pretty rich. But they're clearly valuable assets. As I said, there's tech that comes with. We're interested in. I also pointed out potentially incremental specialized data assets in and around that space. So I think those rise to kind of meaningful prioritization. Principal, we're in a position to kind of put into effect. We have built it. It is now part of the offering. We'll be, as I said, sort of developing it and enhancing it by adding that data and technology layer to it by rolling it out in more markets. There's a very clear plan to roll it out into six to eight international markets next year. So I don't think inorganic is particularly required there. If something opportunistic comes along that makes sense, as I said, we'll look at it.
Steven Cahall: Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. You may go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Hey, thank you. Good morning Philippe. Question for you Ellen. On the idea of being a fast follower in Principal Media and then the point you made about having an open, unencumbered billings slate ahead of you. Can you talk a bit about what you're finding when you talk to potential clients about your approach versus what competitors have done? And anything you could kind of help us with potentially the pipeline ahead as you go through those discussions? That's one.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. I mean I've tried to really unpack all the component parts for you in the prepared remarks. But I would say to you that sort of adoption as it were. So we had a sense of the overall U.S. Mediabrands client base, where would we be at that point in terms of opt-ins. And you're talking conversations in the 30, 40, 50 conversations that need to take place because, clearly, people need to understand it. And there's a lot of rigor around. As we said, the guardrails, all of everybody clarity as to what everybody is choosing to engage and opting into. So we found that those conversations have -- are tracking ahead of where we thought they would be at this point. As I said to you, we've got kind of line of sight to the six or eight markets ex U.S., where obviously, they're the largest media markets in the world, and so it happens that a number of them are ones where we have a very significant standing and scale, whether that's a couple of the big ones in Latin America, whether that's Australia or others. So in that sense, we feel like we clearly can move quickly and then understand kind of where media owners heads are at, how deals are currently structured, and where walking into the conversations at this point, we can think about them in ways that are kind of additive or whatever the current standard is. We also bring a very sizable data asset to the table and that I think also changes the nature of what you can do in the math a bit. But I mean, I can't really go into it much more than that because it's kind of proprietary enough that this is an awkward setting in which to give you much more than that. But we definitely see that, like I said, there are two sides to the coin and it's not been our friend to date. But at this point, we do see how there's opportunity to -- there's kind of more upside that you might find if this was already a very mature capability. And then -- remind us of the other question.
Michael Nathanson: Well, the other question I had for Ellen is going to be. No, that was it for me to [Multiple Speakers]. Okay. Exactly. I said there will be two and then for Ellen I believe I was going to ask her if you had to reclassify Huge and R/GA for the year, what would your organic growth be, right, so if you give us kind of apples-to-apples back amount for the year, how much better would your organic growth rate be?
Ellen Johnson: We'd have to go back and do that calculation. We've been very transparent up to this point of what the drag has been on R/GA and Huge. When we gave our guidance, as I mentioned in July, we thought it was probable that it would get classified as asset held for sale, but you have to wait for the triggering event. And we've given you a lot of color on what we think about the tone for the rest of the year. So I think I'll leave it at that for now.
Michael Nathanson: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. You may go ahead.
Craig Huber: Thank you. Just two questions. First, I know you touched on this before, but if the 2024 ended today, what would be the headwind of the net losses for the year going into 2025, I mean surely, you have to have a number in your head. I'm wondering if you'd be willing to share, I mean is it like a 3% headwind if the year ended today, so no one knows that you know what the year ended right now, the headwind for organic growth next year is roughly 63 percentage points? That's my first question, please. I just want to get a sense what you're thinking for 2025.
Philippe Krakowsky: That's not how it works. So it's not a question we can answer, right, in the sense that we build a plan that kind of goes from -- as we close the year, all the ins and outs. And so it's not math that we've done, and it's an awkward question because to answer it becomes like, well, what are you -- what's in and what's not. And gee, what do you have baked in for organic growth opportunities now that you can take more diversified product offering to clients on the media side. And then to answer it, when you put a number out there and say, gee, might be less than that number, might be that number. It's a Slippery slope of -- I can't answer the question because it's not how we run the business, and it's not actually, I would assume, how you would expect us -- so as I said, I don't think that we can forecast a year ahead in October, whether it's this year or any year that I can ever remember and been a while that a number of us have been around this joint. So I understand the question. And it's -- and I guess that you're trying to get on that but with what's going on, on the data side, where there's meaningfully more opportunity with these ways of working the platform, on production creates opportunities to -- so I think there'll be more of the true organic self-help push a unified solution that has a tech component to it, but that's a very different answer than you're just sort of going purely on these three losses, which all ring fences X, Y and Z, what does that do? And that's not math that is super constructive in trying to figure out how we get IPG to a better place. So I don't think we have an answer to that.
Craig Huber: Okay. And my second question, if I could, can you just help us understand how your health care area did organically year-over-year and also technology putting aside the Huge and R/GA issues, just what those two sectors did for you guys year-over-year, please?
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. Tech had a Huge and R/GA issue, as we always said, very significant weighting of their client roster. And then we'd also talk about the fact that we had a handful of five of the largest tech companies in the world had kind of hit the brakes pretty hard on their activity. So I think if you take out the losses, there's a midsized sort of a modest loss on the media side going back that I think is in that category. But mostly it was the telco that we called out for you. If you take that all out, that sector clearly has found a floor and is looking as if there will be, as we said, a bit more conviction. We're definitely seeing more conviction at a macro across a whole client base. But I think that sector has gotten to where it's healthier. It's not thriving, growing kind of all caps, but that's in a better place. And then health care is weighted by the one big client that then became a client reconsidering a portion of that. So there was a large client in the health care space, which we, I think, unpacked for you. It was -- it had an impact in first quarter, and it led us to consider our view to the year on the top line. But our health care asset has been a consistent strong performer. And so that's clearly the -- we're going to be sort of cycling out of that in the next couple of quarters.
Craig Huber: Okay, thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: And that was our last question. I'll now turn it back to Philippe for any final thoughts.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Sue. I think the questions kind of get to the core of where our thinking and our focus is, which is essentially realigning the portfolio to where we see opportunities and where we see growth, kind of continued go-forward opportunity on structural actions that mean that from a longer-term probability point of view we're feeling like there's still runway and then positioning to more effectively leverage the differentiated resources again because that's clearly been something that we've been successful at. But and the last, as I said, 12 to 18 months have been more challenging. So stay tuned, and we look forward to talking in February.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group Second Quarter 2024 Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. This morning, we are joined by our CEO, Philippe Krakowsky and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern Time. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties and the cautionary statement that are included in our earnings release and the slide presentation. These are further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Philippe Krakowsky.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Jerry. As usual, I'll begin our call with a high-level view of our results and the business overall. Ellen will then provide additional insights on the quarter and I'll conclude with highlights at our agencies to be followed by your Q&A. This morning, we are reporting a solid second quarter highlighted by moderate acceleration of our growth as well as margin expansion from the same period a year ago. To begin with revenue, second quarter organic growth before billable expenses came in at 1.7% bringing organic growth in the first half to 1.5%. In the quarter, we were paced by growth in Continental Europe, LatAm and the U.K., followed by increases in our other markets group and the U.S. Each of our 3 operating segments grew organically from a year ago. And underneath that, consistent with our performance over some time, we were again led by IPG Health and IPG Mediabrands. We saw strong performance as well at Deutsch LA, Golin and at Acxiom, we saw solid growth in the quarter. Also in keeping with recent quarters, underperformance at our digital specialty agencies weighed on our consolidated growth. That drag was about 1% of organic growth in the second quarter. From the standpoint of client sector performance, growth was driven by health care, food and beverage and consumer goods. Retail was approximately flat and we saw decreases in financial services, tech and telecom and auto and transportation. As we've called out previously, the tech and telecom sector continued to weigh on growth by approximately 1% organically in the quarter. Most of that decrease was due to the loss of a large AOR assignment with a telco client late last year. For the sake of clarity, I would note that excluding double counting, the tech and telco sector and our digital specialist combined weighed on Q2 organic revenue growth by negative 1.7%. Turning to expenses and margin; our teams continue to effectively balance cost discipline with ongoing investment in the evolution of our business. Second quarter adjusted EBITA margin was 14.6%, an improvement of 40 basis points from a year ago. We had strong leverage on base payroll which helped drive 180 basis points of operating leverage on salaries and related expenses compared to a year ago that was partially offset by planned investments in technology, business transformation and senior talent particularly for centralized platform resources which resulted in increased office and other and SG&A expense. Diluted earnings per share in the quarter was $0.57 as reported and $0.61 as adjusted for acquired intangibles amortization and a small impact from net business dispositions. During the quarter, we repurchased 2.2 million shares, returning $68 million to shareholders. On our last call with you, we noted that due to a decision by a major and ongoing health care client in late March related to their global consumer advertising work, the high end of the 1% to 2% growth range, that we had targeted as we entered the year would not be achievable. As the year has progressed, we are seeing modest incremental uncertainty in the macro environment and in domestic consumer sentiment. Our view is, therefore, that we expect to achieve approximately 1% organic growth for the full year. And with that level of growth, we continue to target adjusted 2024 EBITA margin of 16.6%. Looking ahead, we anticipate that the strongest and most consistent growth areas of our business such as our data and tech-driven media offerings, specialist health care marketing expertise, PR and experiential marketing capabilities are positioned to continue their strong performance. The common thread in the growth of our 2 largest businesses, IPG Mediabrands and IPG Health which are also our most successful businesses, has to do with the specialized high-value services that they provide to marketers. These rely on skill sets that are more technical, reach audiences with greater precision and lead directly to outcomes that we can assess and optimize. As you heard from us in the past, these include audience segmentation work, predictive analytics and data-driven decisioning, much of it powered by Acxiom and all of which has been built by in-house engineering talent creating technology solutions that rely on machine learning algorithms and more recently, newer AI capabilities. The developments we're seeing in Generative AI will be equally fundamental to the transformation of a broader set of our offerings. Collaborations with Adobe, Amazon, Blackbird.AI, Getty Images, Google, Microsoft and others have given us secure enterprise access to advanced AI tools and large language models which are increasingly informing every area of our business, including insight generation, creative ideation in production and work in our earn and experiential communications practices, as well as further enhancing our media and precision marketing capabilities. Over the past 12 months, our progress with these emerging technologies has been significant. The ongoing upskilling of our people has been central to this process. We see this as a strategic imperative and have made it the responsibility of every operating leadership team across the company. Generative AI produces foundational capabilities and new canvases for us to work more expansively with our clients. Over time, this offers the promise of reigniting many of our creative offerings as engines of value creation. As you heard last quarter, we recently became the first company to unite all facets of the content supply chain by integrating Adobe's GenStudio AI product into our marketing technology platform, the IPG engine. That engine sits at the enterprise level and is a unified set of standards, practices and a technology layer which in turn is built on consumer insights at scale, fueled by our Acxiom data and identity products. It seamlessly connects media strategies and targeting, including predictive modeling of what we call high-value audiences to creative concepts and messaging across all marketing disciplines. We then move from data all the way through activation by which we mean the production and dissemination of campaigns, whether on marketing technology platforms in earned media or in paid media investments across all formats and channels. Our engine then analyzes the impact of this activity for purposes of attribution and optimization. This allows us to do with our communication strategies, creative assets and all forms of marketing activity what we've been doing in media which is true personalization at scale. This is an end-to-end solution which helps our clients better engage, convert and retain customers through the entire funnel, assessing and understanding the value of their investments across media, marketing and sales channels. In a world in which data-driven audience insights are key to delivering performance for our clients and one in which AI will play an increasingly important role, access to high-quality proprietary data at scale will be essential to success. Acxiom continues to have the industry's top-performing audience data to engage with customers at an individual level without the need for cookies or other proxies. Our tech stack and marketing engine optimized performance using this global data spine, of 2.5 billion real people with Acxiom ID attributes that are meaningfully greater than those available from any other industry data set in which we can match to significantly more global device IDs and our closest competitors. The engine at Acxiom are now core to every significant engagement across the company and help power many of the new business wins I'll cover later in my remarks. Now though, let's turn things over to Ellen for a more detailed view of our quarterly results.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you, Philippe. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. Beginning with the highlights on Slide 2 of the presentation, our second quarter revenue before billable expenses or net revenue was flat from a year ago, with an organic increase of 1.7%. Our organic net revenue increase was 1.3% in the U.S. and was 2.6% in our international markets. Over the first 6 months of the year, our consolidated organic revenue increase was 1.5%. Second quarter adjusted EBITA was $338.9 million, an increase of 2.6% from a year ago and our margin was 14.6% compared with 14.2% a year ago. Our diluted earnings per share was $0.57 as reported and $0.61 as adjusted. The adjustments exclude the after-tax impact of the amortization of acquired intangibles and a non-operating gain from sales of certain small nonstrategic businesses. It is important to note that our EPS in last year's second quarter included the benefit of $0.17 per share related to the settlement of normal course, federal income tax audits. We repurchased 2.2 million shares during the quarter and 4.1 million shares in the first half of the year. Turning to Slide 3; you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Turning to second quarter revenue in more detail on Slide 4; our net revenue in the quarter was $2.33 billion. Compared to Q2 '23, the impact of the change in exchange rates was negative 60 basis points. Our net divestitures were 1.2%. Our organic net revenue was 1.7%. For the 6 months, our organic increase was 1.5%. In terms of client sectors in the second quarter, our growth was led by very strong performance in health care and in the food and beverage sector. Consumer goods and our other category of public sector and diversified industrials also grew in the quarter. Retail was approximately flat. Going the other way, we saw decreases in the financial services, tech and telecom and auto and transportation sectors. Lower revenue in the auto sector was due to a client loss at Mediabrands at the end of last year and lower spend from existing clients. The bottom of the slide is a look at our segments. Our Media Data & Engagement Solutions segment increased organically by 80 basis points. We again saw strong growth in our media businesses, whose out performance was largely offset by decreases at our digital specialist agencies as Philippe noted and by decreased revenue at MRM. Our integrated advertising and creativity-led Solutions segment increased organically by 3%. We were led by strong growth in IPG Health at Deutsch LA. At our Specialized Communications and Experiential Solutions segment, organic growth was 1.3% led by very strong performance at Golin in public relations, while our experiential group decreased in the quarter, largely due to cost cutting by a major client at Jack Morton. Moving on to Slide 5, organic net revenue growth by region. The U.S. was 66% of net revenue in the quarter and grew 1.3% organically. We were led by strong growth at IPG Mediabrands and IPG Health. We also saw notable contributions to growth from Deutsch LA, our PR offerings and Acxiom. That was partially offset by headwinds at our digital specialists, decreased revenue at MRM as a loss of a telecom client at McCann late last year. International markets with 34% of net revenue in the quarter and grew 2.6% organically. The U.K. grew 3.4% organically. We were led by growth at our creative agencies and by growth in Media and Golin in Public Relations. Continental Europe grew 6.3% organically in the quarter, led by strong performance at McCann that included new business wins as well as increases with existing clients. We had growth in each of our largest national markets. Asia Pac decreased 2.4% organically. Strong growth in India, where we are the second largest holding company was paced by Mediabrands and FCB but that was more than offset in the region by decreases in most other national markets. Other -- organic growth in LatAm was 4.1%, led by IPG Mediabrands. We continue to see notably strong growth in Mexico. In our other markets group which is Canada, the Middle East and Africa, we grew 1.5%, led by growth in the Middle East. It is worth noting as well that Israel grew in the quarter. Moving on to Slide 6 and operating expenses in the quarter. Our net operating expenses which exclude billable expenses, the amortization of acquired intangibles and restructuring adjustments decreased 50 basis points from a year ago compared with reported net revenue that was flat of last year. The result was our adjusted EBITA margin expanded to 14.6% from 14.2% a year ago. As you can see on the slide, our ratio of total salaries and related expense as a percentage of net revenue was 66.9% compared with 68.7% a year ago. Underneath that result, we lowered our expense for base payroll, benefits and tax which was 57.8% of net revenue compared to 59.4% a year ago. Our performance-based incentive compensation increased slightly as a percentage of net revenue to 3.5% from 3.4%. Severance expense was 1.5% of net revenue which is somewhat elevated from typical levels and compares with 1.7% of net revenue a year ago. Our actions in the second quarter address areas of the business where performance has lacked. Temporary labor expense was 3% of net revenue compared with 3.2% in Q2 '23. Each of these ratios is presented in the appendix on Slide 31. Also on this slide, our office and other direct expense was 15.4% of net revenue compared with 14.6%. Underneath that comparison is planned investment in technology and business transformation. We continue to leverage our expense for occupancy which decreased 10 basis points from last year. Our SG&A expense was 1.2% of net revenue compared with 60 basis points a year ago. The increase reflects higher levels of strategic investments in senior enterprise leadership and the implementation of centralized platform. On Slide 7, we present the detail on adjustments to our reported second quarter results in order to provide better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left-hand side of the reported results and from left to right, exterior [ph] to adjusted EBITA and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles in the second column was $20.4 million. The other adjustments in the quarter are small and related to previous restructuring and sales of nonstrategic businesses. At the foot of the slide, with the bridge per diluted share between EPS as reported at $0.57 to adjusted earnings of $0.61. Slide 8 depicts our adjustments for the 6 months. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.96 for the period. On Slide 9, we turn to cash flow in the quarter. Cash from operations was $120.7 million compared with $35.2 million in the second quarter of '23. Operating cash flow before working capital was $249.1 million compared with $246 million a year ago. As a reminder, our operating cash flow is highly seasonal and can be volatile by quarter due to changes in working capital. In our investing activities, we used a net $40.4 million, primarily consisting of $34.8 million in CapEx. Our financing activities used $451.2 million. This reflects the maturity of our $250 million senior notes in April which we paid in cash as well as our regular quarterly dividend and share repurchases. Our net decrease in cash for the quarter was $383.6 million. On Slide 10 is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.55 billion of cash and equivalents. Slide 11 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt. As you can see on this schedule, total debt at quarter end was $2.9 billion. Our next maturity is not until 2028. In summary, on Slide 12, our strong financial discipline continues and the strength of our balance sheet and liquidity mean that we really remain well positioned both financially as well as commercially. I would like to express my gratitude for the efforts of our people. And with that, I'll turn it back to Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Ellen. As I mentioned earlier, our organizational structure continued to evolve and we're working at pace to enhance the parts of our business that are growing and also to address underperforming areas of the portfolio. Going forward, we're going to continue to move to more holistic solutions and make greater precision and performance a part of all of our service offerings. Our interactions with major marketers will also increasingly be guided by senior functional and client leaders at the corporate IPG level. This ensures that we're connecting more of the portfolio to horizontal platform capabilities such as data, commerce, media activation and production. The common denominator across our strategic priorities is to broaden the range of business issues that we can help clients address with our best-in-class assets. Our goal is to continue to become a more strategic partner supporting client needs as they seek to derive more value from connecting marketing and technology in order to power their businesses. An example of this is retail media which is one of the prominent growth sectors we've mentioned to you previously. As more retailers build digital media networks and increase their call for standards and as marketers look to increase investment in this dynamic space, we see this as a promising area of growth. IPG's unified retail media network solution which is housed within Mediabrands and grounded in Acxiom data is differentiated in the market because it allows our clients to evaluate their brand's retail media buys across audience, measurement, optimization and business intelligence criteria, so as to determine which retail networks are performing best for their business objectives. This solution played a significant part in our successful defense and expansion of our assignment for Ulta Beauty during the quarter. Ulta Beauty selected a bespoke unit within Mediabrands which includes teams from Mediahub, Kinesso and Acxiom to handle Ulta's media needs in programmatic, addressable and social as well as the marketers retail media unit, UB Media which had formerly been serviced by a competitor. The client specifically noted the combination of a creative and data-driven approach as assets in fostering connections with Ulta Beauty consumers, ensuring consumer engagement and delivering business building results. Another significant win announced earlier this week will see us take on creative, production, shopper and PR earned media responsibility for driving growth for a number of Kellanova's iconic priority brands. This is the result of an integrated offering combining FCB globally, Weber and Momentum supported by MullenLowe and the Martin Agency in key international markets and on certain brand assignments. And as mentioned, our production capability and the IPG engine also played important roles in our proposal to the client. Notable wins in the quarter saw a Generative AI search platform Perplexity, appoint UM as its media agency of record. After Levi's had consolidated its global media account with UM which builds on a 4-year relationship between UM and Levi's in the Americas. UM was also named media AOR by Alliance Pharma. Reckitt capped McCann content studios which is a core component of our production offering as its social and influencer agency of record for its U.K. health brands. And at General Motors, Buick appointed McCann Worldgroup China as its full-service agency. Another of our core multinational clients, Unilever, named Golin its global PR agency of record for laundry detergents. Top American champagne maker, Korbel chose Carmichael Lynch as its media and brand AOR. And Deutsch LA, we mentioned earlier continued to expand both its relationship with Adobe to include social work for Gen AI app Firefly, Acrobat, Photoshop and other brands. Weber Shandwick was selected by 5-Hour Energy as its partner on creative, media relations, social media and influencer strategy and Mazda Canada named FCB/SIX to lead its strategy, creative and tech work for CRM. Of course, even in a world where technology and platform capabilities are so essential. Creativity remains at the heart of what many of our clients need in order to build their brands and business. Integrating ideas into audience-led and accountable solutions is a must that creativity can be a differentiator and our performance of creative competitions continues to indicate we're well placed when it comes to the talent and craft required to make work that makes a difference for ambitious marketers. Just last week, the New York Festivals Advertising Awards named Interpublic as its Holding Company of the Year. This is a competition that recognizes our industry's best and is judged by our peers which makes it an important hallmark for the quality of our work. In May, we were also honored as Creative Holding Company of the Year at The One Show. And at the Cannes Lions Festival of Creativity which is our industry's largest global award show, Interpublic also outperformed our peers, winning 10 of the festival's highest honors, the Grand Prix more than any other company and almost twice as many as the nearest competitor. Notable categories where we won a Grand Prix include gaming, live brand experience, digital craft and data-enhanced creativity. In terms of client sectors, we won Grand Prix in both the health and pharma categories. Also at the festival, FCB was named Regional Network of the Year in North America for the sixth year in a row. IPG Health was named Healthcare Network of the Year for the third consecutive year and Area 23 won Healthcare Agency of the Year for the fourth year in a row. Unique to the public relations arena, Golin and Weber Shandwick, both won multiple Grand Prix. Our success going forward rests on our ability to combine this kind of creative excellence and innovative thinking with our deep data and tech capabilities. And that's the key reason that during the quarter, we announced that we're further unifying our data engineering, martech and ad tech resources under one leadership team. This move fully aligns Acxiom's data, identity resolution and marketing cloud services with the teams responsible for the engineering behind IPG's integrated marketing engine. Within this centralized technology and data stack, we're powering workflow, customer experience, media, commerce and production. And by unifying marketing on one platform, we can drive marketing performance for clients in real time as well as build brands for long-term success. As you know, this combination of data, tech and marketing expertise has been key to our long-term success at IPG Mediabrands. And while our tech-enabled media offerings are consistently ranked as best-in-class by marketers, during the past 12 to 18 months, we have seen a number of clients place a greater premium on efficiency and costs. Given that marketplace evolution, we have pivoted and are now able to deliver value not only with advanced and effective media solutions but also through our growing practice in principal media buying. This new component of our media practice will take time to scale fully but represents an incremental option for media value creation for current and prospective clients as well as the new avenue for growth for what has consistently been our strongest performing business. As mentioned at the outset of my remarks, we continue to see disparate performance across the portfolio due in part to an asset mix that features more concentration in certain traditional practice areas than some of our peers. An area that's become a regular feature of these conversations is the performance of 2 of our specialty digital agencies, R/GA and Huge. Having made adjustments to the workforce at each of those operations and co-located their headquarters within the IPG Innovation dock, we are now formally evaluating strategic alternatives for these premium agency brands. The right partner could help unlock greater value for their clients and people. We'll keep you posted on progress in this process as appropriate. And those teams remain focused on delivering the top-tier service and innovative solutions for their clients that they're known for. As you know, we spent a number of years outperforming the sector when it comes to top line growth and continue to consistently win many of the industry's most competitive pitches. That said, the challenges we're facing at certain of our agencies, coupled with the shift in the media landscape to principal buying have led to recent losses that will weigh on our results, particularly as we head into 2025. We have a solid new business pipeline for the remainder of this year and are finalists in several large ongoing reviews. These opportunities, organic growth in our existing client base and accelerating the development of new capabilities in areas such as retail media and commerce, we'll continue to have our full focus as we look to deliver the best outcome this year and reignite a higher level of growth going forward. In certain high-growth areas where scale would benefit our competitive position and the company's overall growth profile such as commerce, retail, media and business transformation, we will also consider M&A as an avenue to effect a more rapid transformation of our portfolio. As mentioned earlier, for the full year, we expect to achieve organic growth of approximately 1% and at that level, continue to target adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.6%. Additional areas for value creation include our strong balance sheet and liquidity as well as our long-standing and ongoing commitment to capital returns. As always, we thank our partners and our people as well as those of you on this call. And with that, let's open the floor to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Adrien de Saint Hilaire with Bank of America.
Adrien de Saint Hilaire: Philippe, first of all, you talked about 3 factors impacting organic sales growth for the second half. I'm curious how do you think those factors impact 2025 as well? And then the second question I would have is Europe has been outperforming the U.S. at IPG but also at many peers and that also seems to be true across the ad market. From my seat, that seems a bit counterintuitive, given the different GDP growth in Europe versus the U.S.? I'd be curious as to why that is in your opinion?
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. The first question I can unpack only obviously up to a point. So what I think I would call out for you is we've obviously mentioned that with a number of the recent headline decisions, those are clients who remain very important and sizable partners to us. So the focus here is clearly going to be on delivering the best possible service and solutions because unlike other "losses", there's clearly the opportunity to regrow some of those relationships. And the other thing I would point out is I think you're right that at this point, the impact of wins and losses sort of from a net new business perspective, sitting where we are sitting right now, we're essentially neutral. We had a pretty sizable string of wins, say, about a year ago. And so the new business headwind is a question for '25 and yet, we don't have a budget for '25. And it's kind of early to project that far out, given that we've got about half a year to go. And so I think the focus is going to be the new business pipeline growing, new capabilities with existing clients. Obviously, when that large telco loss, it is maybe 70% of what's in that segment down goes away, some recovery in tech would clearly be wind in our sails. And then the strategic assessment of options that we talked about for the digital specialists would also change the math a bit. So I can't really quantify that for you. I can just give you a sense of what the moving parts are. And then I think I'm going to ask Ellen to just sort of step in. Because on the Europe question, you've heard us before, it gets very, very specific with us. It's not a very big region. So it really becomes client specific in a market that can have an impact.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. Yes, Europe is about 9% of our revenue and we did see growth across all major markets, Spain, Germany, France, in particular. We had some nice wins through our creative agencies, particularly McCann. But we also had growth at IPG Health. And really, it was a decent breadth of the portfolio that grew; so both, across clients and client sectors. So it has been a relatively strong region for us.
Operator: The next question is from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan.
David Karnovsky: You spoke earlier to some incremental uncertainty and softening in consumer sentiment. Just wanted to see if you could expand on that a bit, what you're hearing from clients in terms of their level of confidence and investment. And then you also mentioned the capability in principal media as being a factor on your views over the past 18 months. As you're now scaling up your offering there, do you see Mediabrands in a better position at this point to compete for new business?
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, look, I mean I guess I'll take them in order. But -- so on tone of the business, I would broaden the aperture fairly significantly. And I would say to you that given the levels of uncertainty that we are seeing across the world and I'm talking geopolitically, socially. And then the sense that domestically, fiscal policy is kind of stuck in neutral. It stands to reason that the operating environment has become more challenging. And I know that you heard as much from a couple of our competitors, right? I think we're all seeing the same thing. Now if I wanted to give you a bit more texture to that or detailed granularity from the kinds of conversations you're talking about with clients, I don't think it's like a year ago where there was this pervasive, an almost universal feeling that there was a recession right around the corner. But in the time since the last call that we had with all of you, there is a bit more caution. And the way we see it is decisions on reviews, decisions on client spend are either taking a bit longer to be made or sort of delayed with a little bit of a hey, it's indefinite, we'll get back to it. And that's in certain areas of the business or at some marketers. It's not across the board. But to the extent that it's begun to be something that we're factoring into our thinking, we felt that it needed to be called out. Your principal buying question; look, I think it tracks and it's really consistent with discussions that we've had with you and with all of you when we see each other in settings unlike this one, we've completed the foundational work that incremental dimension to our media offering is now up and running. It is early. It will need time to ramp up. We will and are approaching clients and media partners in a way that's measured because as that part of our buying mix increases steadily over time, we're always going to be a client-first organization. So it's essentially a question of which clients want to opt in which clients want to access the market in this mode. Our media business has been really, really successful for a long time without that. So there are plenty of folks in our portfolio who are part of the franchise because they want the effectiveness, the tools, the data powered kind of decisioning and the platform approach to it. But in essence, we're going to be operating with multiple buying models. So we'll definitely bring principal into pitch situations because we've seen circumstances, I'd say going back to -- we mentioned a loss of Mediabrands in automotive last year where, clearly, the nature and the quality of the product was not in question and yet, that -- the premium on efficiency is something that, as the world has become more uncertain and there's been a lot of this pressure on client P&Ls, cost of money, this broader uncertainty. So we definitely think it will be a benefit because we've seen in circumstances where late in a process, that's become a gating item and a decision that obviously didn't go our way.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo.
Steven Cahall: That was a lot of helpful context there at the end around the shift in media buying to the more principal-based model. And how you're looking to reposition that with some of the internal changes you mentioned around centralization as well as inorganic opportunities in places like retail marketing. Could you just expand on how we should think about the time to do things internally, maybe specifically as it relates to the principal-based media buying you were just discussing. And then how significant your inorganic opportunity appetite is. I think your last big deal was Acxiom; that was very transformative.
Philippe Krakowsky: I'm kind of going for folks who've been following us probably if you look at like a 20-year horizon only; but yes.
Steven Cahall: Yes, that's true. So only -- and you've delevered really quickly from that or at least shown that you can delever as needed. So it sounds like you're kind of teeing up potentially some bigger M&A to come. So I just want to make sure I am understanding that correctly and that we're thinking about that correctly. And then, where do you kind of think about the trend for creative and all this. I think some of our concern is that while creative is never going to go away, it's maybe being devalued, whether it's due to retail marketing expansion or whether it's just due to some of the AI capabilities that makes it a little cheaper. It's still a big part of the business. So where do you see the future of the creative part.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure, that's a lot. So on principal, it will take, as I said, sometime, we're very focused on it. We're -- obviously, you have to go into the market, you have to engage with the media owners and secure the inventory in that way. You've got to get clients who opt into the model and understand the benefits. And then, obviously, that volume yields a kind of benefit. So I think that, that will be range and bearing over the course of the next year. And we're going to go -- we're going to move thoughtfully but at pace, as I said, about a few other things. On your M&A question, I think what I would say to you is that I do talk a bit about how our asset mix doesn't tilt as heavily to some of these, at least in terms of scale, the capability sets are there. We show up and win with them. But whether it's that scale is valued by certain kinds of clients because you can sort of show up with something that's a very comprehensive solution and again, efficiency, not even in the media space. But also, clearly, the more sale to win that you have, the better it is. So we are going to look in commerce and retail media in particular. And then I guess the business transformation but I would define it as further down the stack sort of less focused on the comm side and more on engineering and kind of how can you help clients rework processes so that they can be much more digital in the ways that they work, including their marketing. So I think those are areas where we will probably look for inorganic opportunities. And I -- look, you know us very well. We're very thoughtful about how we approach M&A. That's not going to change. We're very balanced in that, as you said, we delevered very quickly. We were very transparent with you about why we were doing it and how we were going to do it given the scale of it. But I think that you could change the growth profile of the business with something out there or maybe one or 2 things that might not be at the scale of what we did with Acxiom. But they're clearly going to be larger than the very modest kinds of deals that we've been known for, for some time. So hopefully, that helps unpack the thinking. And no, you -- I forgot. And then you had the creative question. I guess my observation for you is that creative is still very important and a big idea still matters. If you look at the Kellanova news this week, clearly, a client who we're excited about because they believe that big ideas can have a big impact for them in terms of driving growth and what their mission is coming out of their spin. So I think that creative is important but it is important that you integrate it, that you basically figure out how FCB has done a terrific job for us to plug into the data stack, get more precise about what you do and have that, in essence, incorporated into your strategy and have your strategy be about where business opportunities sit and where business outcomes can be driven. And then you engage all of the deep understanding of brands and the craft around creativity. And then you can actually have pretty good outcomes, right? And so I think there's a way. And then I think the other thing, as I said at the outset also is if you incorporate certain components of what Gen AI tools provide and you can take creativity and bring it to bear in a lot of new ways. You can sort of do ideation faster and get to hypotheses -- good hypotheses, better hypotheses faster. You can democratize creativity and distribute it in ways that reach a lot of your clients. Ancillary audiences or partners that you might not have been able to do in the past; so we're still focused there. We probably, as I said, that's one of those might we have more exposure to traditional relative to some of our peers, yes. And the question is going to be a version of both what I said which is we're going to look at underperformance and think about what needs to be addressed or streamlined but we're also going to keep pushing them to transform.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen: I wonder if you could comment, please, on the news this week that Google is not going to be deprecating cookies. And I'm asking -- I'm interested in IPG's perspective, in particular, because of all the work you do with Acxiom in first-party data and all the good stuff there. So I'm just curious, it seems like this is sort of a positive for the ad industry and that the risk of later disruption seems to have gone away. But for you guys, I wonder, is it positive? Or is it maybe a little less positive than if cookies had been removed and all the great stuff that Acxiom can do with first-party data is maybe not quite as important as it was before. Just don't know how to interpret the news.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, stop, start, stop, start, right? So it is not necessarily unexpected at this point. It's something that they've announced and kind of pulled back on and redefined. And even now, I don't know that we know exactly how it's going to play out. I think you've heard us say for a long time that we feel very comfortable with and prepared for a world where proxies go away. And I think you're right that, that would be a world in which Acxiom would be even more valuable to clients. And so when GDPR rolled out, we lost less than 1% of our data. So I think it speaks to the quality of what's there and then the know-how in the first-party data management space. So we would be more than happy. I think you're right, we would welcome and it would probably be a modest accelerant if that Band-Aid eventually gets fully ripped off. But what the stop-start of it has done is that it's made it really clear to clients that they need to take control of their first-party data and they need to have a lot more kind of agency and autonomy when it comes to that. So in a lot of conversations with clients, including some of the wins that we called out, that complexity and the understanding that we can help them figure out how to build and own their own ID Graph means that we're still seeing the benefit of it and we're still seeing opportunity from it. And I think everybody has gotten used to the lack of clarity about whether or when it's really going to fully happen. You're right. I think if we finally cross that line, it would be a modest incremental upside to us.
Operator: Our next question is from Cameron McVeigh with Morgan Stanley.
Cameron McVeigh: Philippe, you mentioned a bit earlier about personalization at scale with AI. I'm curious if you're currently seeing any impact on creative revenue from AI tools and what the potential opportunity looks like to increase the total volume of creative output? And what success ultimately looks like to you in implementing some of this Gen AI technology?
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. Look, I mean, I think personalization -- mass personalization, personalization at scale done right. The demand for that is going to be significant for some time, right? Because I think we've all gotten used to sort of a world where you say marketers always need more of everything. So I would break down the AI thing maybe into a couple of buckets. I'd say to you that there are parts of our business where AI has been core to what we do for some time, right? And we talk about that, media, data, performance. And so there, it's going to help us keep up with a very, very rapid rate of change and I think further accelerate what are already our most successful businesses. Then areas where platform and tech solutions are required like production in commerce and CRM, I think Gen AI is an incremental opportunity because I can't think of any client who doesn't leave activities that they know need doing undone due to some kind of constraint, right? So either the tech is limited, the output isn't what you want it to be, there are budget limitations, you don't have the right talent. So even as you see like sort of some of the economics of this, you're kind of going, okay, the unit cost of whatever asset we're talking about goes down. But the resources can be reinvested. We've seen this in our media business where tech allowed us to become a higher-value partner to clients, right? And you saw that in the scale of engagement. You saw that in -- because we had highly skilled folks with skill sets that clients couldn't find anywhere else. What we were able to, in essence, command in the way of the labor hours get redistributed and they go upstream. So I think what you're going to sort of see is resources get reinvested, the nature of the work changes, the nature of the talent evolves. And then what folks in our space bring -- and some of our clients who are very, very sophisticated say, we need people with a lot of experience, people who bring terrific judgment and understand how to use all these tools, we need your objectivity. In some cases, I think we also have the ability to sell tools and tech, whether it's the licenses or something SaaS-like there. And then I think the last thing I'd point out is back to the prior question, quality of data at scale is going to be really important. Because once everybody begins to have all of these same tool sets, then how you build and train the models and what you actually are able to give them that is unique data from which to. Because you're going to be bringing a lot of the discipline that you've got in the more quantity areas of the business too, the content creation and the creative part of the business. So again, there's a ways to go but we do see areas -- I mean, right now, we're actually doing a lot of not only insisting that our folks get trained but we're doing a lot of training for our clients and that's become a line of business for us. So I can't tell you with kind of clarity that it's going to be X percent this and it's going to be X percent that but these are all places where we're seeing conversations and opportunities showing up.
Operator: And our last question comes from Julien Roch with Barclays.
Julien Roch: The first one is, can we get organic on a revenue basis rather than a net sales. Publicis gave us both for the first half '24. Second question is, are your production capability unified under one roof like Publicis WP [ph] and now Omnicom and how many employees do you have in production? And then lastly, why move to 1% rather than a range? Q4 is an adjustment quarter. So 1% is surprisingly precise to me. Does 1% actually mean more like 0.7%, 1.3% or is it really 1% on the dot. And before you answer, I'm afraid I have to correct you as patented French wines [ph] now but there is no such thing as American champagne.
Philippe Krakowsky: [Indiscernible] but you know what, it's what we call it here, so I don't know what to tell you. So on production, we have a global integrated production engine. In the last 3, 4 years, it's evolved because production used to be about creativity and it's obviously become far more strategic. And you've heard us talk quite a bit about the way in which we are moving to scaled platform services, data, the engineering talent centralized, media activation, retail, media and commerce. So production has been moving along that track for us for a while. It is very strategic. It has to be very upstream. And the connectivity to what we do with Acxiom, what we do with the Kinesso teams, what we now do with the Adobe Gen AI studio so that we can tag and get the right taxonomy sitting underneath that and go sort of from data all the way through to audiences, all the right formats, to push it out, not just in the ad tech ecosystem but across martech and earned media. And then optimize in flight while it's live. So I called out what we've just -- and a win with Reckitt obviously, it was part of the work that we've just won with Kellanova. So I think there is still going to be the need to -- we still have a few outliers here and there that have built specific production capabilities either with deep digital expertise or with some kind of domain expertise but we're well down the way to having that operate as a unified haul. So that's one question. I'm not sure I understood the first question because I'll take a look at what -- I didn't know that we were putting our organic growth number out in any way that was different than somebody who was also reporting on a net basis. And then what was the middle question? Remind me, I apologize.
Julien Roch: So the last question is why move to 1% rather than the range with Q4 being an adjustment quarter, 1% sounds surprisingly precise. So do you actually mean more like 0.7% to 1.3% when you say 1%? Or is it really 1% precisely?
Philippe Krakowsky: We said approximately. I mean I think we had taken 2% off the table the last conversation which you know we're always very direct. And there's definitely a bit more chop in the water at the moment. It feels like there's a measure of uncertainty that has worked its way back into conversations since 3 months ago. And so when we say approximately 1%, that feels to us like there's still some ranginess to that but it's only the middle of the year. So, it feels to us as if -- we're not being that precise; we're telling you that it's kind of -- it's moved from 1% to 2% to closer to 1%.
Operator: Thank you. And I'll now turn the call back to Philippe for any final thoughts.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Sue. We appreciate the time and the interest. We look forward to updating you again in October. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group First Quarter 2024 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. 
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Jerome Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. This morning, we are joined by our CEO, Philippe Krakowsky and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern time. 
 During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties and the cautionary statement that are included in our earnings release and the slide presentation. These are further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC.  
 We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. 
 At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Philippe Krakowsky. 
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Jerry. As usual, I'll begin our call with a high-level view of our performance in the quarter, and Ellen will then provide additional details. I'll conclude with some highlights at our agencies and key strategic updates to be followed by your Q&A.  
 This morning, we are reporting a solid start to 2024, with Q1 performance fully consistent with the targets for growth and margin that we shared earlier this year. The organic growth of our revenue before billable expenses came in at 1.3%. Regionally, we were paced by strong growth in Europe, followed by growth in LatAm and the U.S. 
 In keeping with our long-term record, we continue to see very strong growth at IPG Mediabrands in Q1, FCB's offering of creativity informed by data insights and precision as well as IPG Health also marked strong quarters of growth and our public relations discipline, specifically Golin, which posted double-digit organic growth was a highlight of the first quarter. 
 From the standpoint of clients, we again had growth in 6 of 8 client sectors worldwide, led by double-digit increases among our health care and food and beverage clients, followed by solid increases across the consumer goods and retail sectors as well as our other sector of public sector and diversified industrials. We also continue to see trends within our portfolio that have been a drag on our growth and that we've identified during recent quarters. Those are the underperformance of our digital specialty agencies and our tech and telecom client sector. 
 As we've indicated previously, heading into 2024, most of the weight from the tech and telecom sector will be due to the loss of a large AOR assignment with a telco client late last year. Outside of that item, same client decreases in the sector have largely stabilized. 
 Turning to expenses and margin. The quarter demonstrates that our teams continue to operate with a high degree of focus, as we keep investing in the growth areas of the business. Our adjusted EBITA margin was 9.4%, which is in line with expectations for our smallest seasonal quarter. That margin result is despite elevated expense for severance in Q1. Those actions should benefit our expenses for the balance of the year. 
 It's worth noting that we had 110 basis points of operating leverage in the first quarter on our expense for base payroll, benefits and tax from a year ago. Our diluted earnings per share in the quarter was $0.29 as reported and $0.36 as adjusted for acquired intangibles amortization and the impact of net business dispositions.  
 During the quarter, we repurchased 1.9 million shares, returning $62 million. You'll recall that in February, our Board authorized another $320 million share repurchase program and increased our common share dividend by 6%. In terms of our outlook, we continue to expect to achieve full year organic growth of 1% to 2%. A recent decision by an important ongoing client will adversely impact the balance of this year and likely make achieving the top end of our target more challenging. 
 Within that range of growth, we continue to expect to deliver adjusted EBITA margin of 16.6% for the full year. As we look ahead, we anticipate that the strongest and most consistent growth areas of our business, such as our data and tech-driven media offerings, specialist health care marketing expertise, PR and experiential marketing capabilities are positioned to continue their strong performance over the long term. 
 Additionally, these higher value offerings, which include opportunities for outcome-based performance compensation, combined with our proven operational discipline will result in sustained long-term margin improvement. As we move ahead, we'll continue to enhance our existing offerings, providing holistic solutions that help marketers successfully deal with a media and marketing environment. 
 It's increasingly complex and dynamic. This entails further embedding precision and performance into our media offering as well as integrating the most contemporary technologies such as generative AI at the core of our marketing services capabilities. 
 I'll come back with more detail on the evolution of our offerings after Ellen has had a chance to walk you through a more detailed view of our results. 
Ellen Johnson: Thank you, Philippe. I hope that everyone is well. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. 
 Beginning with the highlights on Slide 2 of the presentation, our first quarter revenue before billable expenses or net revenue increased 30 basis points from a year ago, with an organic increase of 1.3%. Our organic net revenue increase was 2.1% in the U.S., which was partially offset by an organic decrease in our international markets of 50 basis points. 
 First quarter adjusted EBITA before a small restructuring adjustment was $205.5 million and margin was 9.4%. Diluted earnings per share was $0.29 as reported and $0.36 as adjusted. The adjustments exclude the after-tax impact of the amortization of acquired intangibles and nonoperating losses on the sales of certain small nonstrategic businesses. 
 We repurchased 1.9 million shares during the quarter for $62 million. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. 
 Turning to first quarter revenue in more detail on Slide 4. Our net revenue in the quarter was $2.18 billion, compared to Q1 '23, the impact of the change in exchange rates was a positive 10 basis points. The impact of net dispositions over the past 12 months was negative 1.1%. Our organic increase of net revenue was $27.8 million or 1.3%. 
 At the bottom of this slide, we break out our segment revenue. Our Media, Data and Engagement Solutions segment decreased 50 basis points organically, very strong growth at our media businesses was offset by decreases elsewhere in the segment. 
 As we've noted previously, our digital specialist agencies performance is challenged and the results were significantly on the overall segment growth. And our Integrated Advertising and Creativity-led Solutions segment, organic growth in the quarter was 3.2%.  
 We had very strong growth at FCB and IPG Health. That was partially offset by decreases at certain bar creativity-led integrated agencies, including the loss in the technology and telecom sector that Philippe mentioned previously. At our Specialized Communications and Experiential Solutions segment, organic growth was 1.5%. The segment was paced by double-digit percentage growth at Golin in public relations while Jack Morton decreased from a year ago.  
 Moving on to Slide 5, organic net revenue growth by region. In the U.S., which comprised 68% of our revenue before billable expenses in the quarter, organic growth was 2.1%. We were led by very strong growth in health care and food and beverage, reflecting significant new business wins. That growth was partially offset by decreases in our specialty digital offerings and by a loss in the technology and telecom sector. 
 International markets were 32% of net revenues in the quarter and decreased 50 basis points organically with mixed performance by regions. The U.K. was 8% of net revenue in the quarter and grew 20 basis points organically. We had very strong growth at McCann, FCB and Golin. Those gains were largely offset in the quarter by decreases in the health care sector and in the advanced space. 
 Continental Europe was 8% of net revenue in the quarter and increased 8.9% organically. We saw strong performance with double-digit growth in markets that include Spain, the Netherlands and Italy and modest growth in France and Germany. Asia Pac, which was 7% of net revenue in the quarter, decreased 8.1% organically. 
 Most national markets decreased from a year ago due to reductions in spend from existing clients in the region. Organic growth in India was the exception. LatAm was 4% of net revenue and organic growth was 3% in the quarter. We were led by growth at IPG Mediabrands, which was somewhat offset by softness at our other offerings.  
 Our other markets group, which is Canada, the Middle East and Africa was 5% of net revenue in the quarter. The group decreased 6.5% organically, which comes on top of the 9% increase last year and a 20% increase the year before. Revenue decreased in several national markets in the Middle East, including Israel and Canada. 
 Moving on to Slide 6 and operating expenses in the quarter. Our net operating expenses, which exclude billable expenses, the amortization of acquired intangibles, and the small restructuring adjustment increased only 50 basis points from a year ago, which includes notably higher severance expense. The result was our first quarter margin of 9.4%. 
 As you can see on this slide, our ratio of total salaries and related expense as a percentage of net revenue was 72.1%, compared with 72.5% a year ago. Again, all of these ratios are against our smallest quarterly net revenue base of the year. 
 Underneath that SRS results, we drove leverage on our expense for base payroll, benefits and tax, which decreased 110 basis points as a percentage of net revenue. Our average head count in the quarter decreased 2.1% from the first quarter of last year. Our expense for performance-based incentive compensation increased slightly from a year ago to 2.6% from 2.5% of net revenue. 
 Severance expense was 2.2% of net revenue, an increase of 70 basis points from the first quarter a year ago. We expect to see the benefits of these actions on margins, as we move forward through the year. Our expense for temporary labor was 3.3% of net revenue compared with 3.4% in Q1 '23. Also on this slide, our office and other direct expense ratio was 14.8% in the quarter compared with 15.2% a year ago.  
 Underneath that, our expense ratio on occupancy was flat against last year at 4.4%. Through disciplined cost management, we continue to lever our expense for all other office and other direct, which was 10.4% of net revenue compared with 10.8% a year ago. Our SG&A expense was 1.7% of net revenues compared with the 60 basis points of net revenue a year ago. The change reflects the higher level of the strategic investments in both senior enterprise leadership and information technology. 
 On Slide 7, we present detail on adjustments to our reported first quarter results in order to provide better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left-hand side with our reported results and steps through to adjusted EBITA and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles in the second column was $20.7 million. The restructuring charges were $0.6 million, which represents adjustments in the quarter related to previous actions. 
 Low operating expenses, in column 4, we had a pretax loss in the quarter of $6.8 million in other expenses due to the disposition of a few small nonstrategic businesses. At the foot of the slide, we present the after-tax impact per diluted share of each of these adjustments, which bridges our diluted EPS as reported at $0.29 to adjusted earnings of $0.36 per diluted share. 
 On Slide 8, we turn to our cash flow in the quarter. Cash used in operations was $157.4 million compared with $547.6 million a year ago. As a reminder, our operating cash flow is highly seasonal. We typically generate significant cash from working capital in the fourth quarter and use cash in the first quarter. During this year's first quarter, our working capital use was $340.3 million, which is near the low end of the range, the first quarter uses over a period of at least the past 15 years. 
 It's worth noting that cash generated from operations, before working capital changes, was $182.9 million in the quarter. In our investing activities, we used $50 million in the quarter mainly for CapEx. Our financing activities in the quarter was $227.1 million, primarily for our common stock dividend and share repurchases. Our net decrease in cash for the quarter was $454.5 million. 
 Slide 9 is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.93 billion of cash and equivalents. Slide 10 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt as of March 31. As you can see on the schedule, total debt at quarter end was $3.2 billion. It's worth noting that earlier this month, the $250 million maturity, depicted in the first column, was repaid from cash. With that, our next maturity is not until 2028. 
 In summary, on Slide 11. Our teams are focused on executing at a high level. I would like to express our pride in and gratitude for the efforts of our people. The strength of our balance sheet and liquidity means that we remain well positioned both financially and commercially. 
 And with that, I'll turn it back to Philippe. 
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Ellen. As mentioned, the results we're reporting today are in line with our forecast coming into the year. We continue to see strength at our media offerings in health care and marketing services and at those agencies that are leading in the adoption of audience-led capabilities enabled by our data spine. 
 Broadly speaking, marketer sentiment has begun to improve relative to most of last year and the new business pipeline is more active. We've also entered the year with strong levels of industry recognition on the prestigious Ad Age A-List as well as Fast Company's list of most innovative companies, both of which were announced during the first quarter, IPG was better represented than any other holding company group. 
 We're continuing to live through a period of significant technological disruption, and we're finding that innovation has never been more important. Organizations in every industry and across every geographical region are looking to reinvent themselves in order to adapt to and thrive in this highly competitive environment, and Interpublic remains a trusted partner at the heart of the transformation journeys of many of the world's most ambitious businesses. 
 Of course, that's an ambition that we also share. And in recent years, that has meant developing a strong technology and data foundation with centralized resources and strategic capabilities such as audience definition, identity resolution, commerce and production. Over the course of 2023, we added senior functional leaders at the corporate IPG level to ensure that we're connecting more of the portfolio to these horizontal capabilities in order to make precision and performance a part of all of our services. 
 Last quarter, we spoke to the fact that in our media, data and CRM practices, machine learning, has quite a number of years, been essential to the predictive modeling and analytics work that have led to our long-term success. During Q1, we announced a global partnership with Adobe that will see us become the first company to integrate their GenStudio product, which unites all facets of the content supply chain through the use of generative AI into our marketing technology platform. 
 This will allow us to accelerate the adoption of AI in our creative and content businesses from ideation through production and activation. These emerging technologies provide new canvases for us to work with and engaging consumers at every touch point in their brand journey. And we're, therefore, empowering our teams with AI tools and strategists, and creative people can use to quickly scale insights and ideas. 
 At the enterprise level, all of this is underpinned by a unified operating system, what we call the IPG marketing engine. This builds on segmentation and insights fueled by our Acxiom data and identity products and seamlessly connect media strategies and targeting, including the predictive modeling that I called out earlier of what we call high-value audiences, connect that all the way through to creative concepts and messaging for every marketing discipline. 
 And we can then move all the way through to activation, the production and dissemination of campaigns whether on marketing technology platforms or in media investment across all formats and channels. Our engine can then analyze attribution, optimize next best decisions and assess the effectiveness of campaigns. And this end-to-end solution positions us to help our clients better engage with convert and retain customers through the entire marketing funnel. 
 As you heard from us in the past, we're also using AI as a part of our ongoing internal transformation efforts to improve structure and processes across the company. Now with that as a high-level view, strategically, I guess, I'll turn to just a few specific highlights from the quarter. 
 Within Media Data and Engagement Solutions, we saw very strong growth, as we've mentioned as well as industry recognition for our media and data operations. IPG Mediabrands continues to expand and integrate our unified retail media solution, which is delivering cross retailer audience identification, planning and optimization. It spans a range of retailer platforms and marketing tactics. 
 We're doing this for clients now in much of the Media brands portfolio and in conjunction with leading partners across the retail ecosystem from media networks to aggregators. Another news relating to our partnership with Amazon, we became the first company to integrate Amazon Ads APIs into our proprietary media platform, and our updated reach maps now include Prime video ads so our planning teams can view historical data for Prime video ads alongside those of other deep partners and digital media inventory. 
 In Q1, we also rolled out an Amazon Marketing Cloud suite of analytics solutions that was developed by our platforms and intelligence teams at Kinesso. Our media operations continue to receive the industry's highest honors on the Ad Age's A-List, as I mentioned, IPG Mediabrands was named U.S. Network of the Year, and UM was named Media Agency of the Year. 
 In a world in which audience segmentation and insights are key to delivering performance for our clients, and one in which AI will play an increasingly important role, access to proprietary data at scale will be essential to success. Acxiom continues to have the industry's top-performing audience data to engage with consumers at an individual level without the need for proxies. 
 Our tech stack and marketing engine optimized performance using this data spine, which is anchored by a deep understanding of 2.5 billion real people. The attributes per Acxiom ID are 1/3 greater than those available with any other industry data set, and we can match them to significantly more global device IDs than our closest competitor. We're also able to connect our people data to abundant consumer transaction data and to refresh that at rates equivalent to those of anyone in the sector. 
 Our clients benefit from the trust earned through decades of experience and scaled first-party data management since Acxiom teams work inside of large enterprises, consulting on and writing the software that architects first, second and third-party data for use both in AdTech and MarTech. 
 Turning to our Integrated Advertising & Creativity-Led Solutions segment, as we've mentioned, FCB and IPG Health led sector performance. The leadership team at FCB has focused on bringing both media planning and production closer to its traditional creative work, with planners at FCB using Acxiom data and tools as the foundations for how they interact with both clients and ultimately consumers.  
 This strategy results in creative ideas that are grounded in audience segments and insights and lead to creative work that drives in-market results. During the quarter, FCB won Global Network of the Year at The One Show, an important creative competition. And FCB New York was also named Global Agency of the Year and North American Agency of the Year as part of The One Show.
 IPG Health continued to make strong contributions to our performance. And notably, the company launched a suite of data tools in Europe that enable highly targeted and personalized data-driven marketing to health care professionals, which is a first for this region and particularly important given the regulatory environment there. 
 The agency was named Healthcare Network of the Year on the Ad Age A-List for the second consecutive year. Deutsch LA and the Martin Agency, we're cited among Fast Company's most innovative companies and consistently partner with our media and marketing services companies as part of integrated client delivery teams. And McCann was also featured on the Fast Company list. 
 During the quarter, the agency won AOR responsibilities for PwC and McCann's production and content studios are increasingly doing global work for major clients like Reckitt Benckiser and IKEA. Within our Specialized Communications and Experiential Solutions segment, Weber Shandwick had a solid start to the year, driven by the firm's corporate and public affairs capabilities as well as its wellness practice. 
 And the agency led a pan IPG and IPG DXTRA Health AOR win for Boehringer Ingelheim's mental health franchise, and that includes everything from thought leadership to data and regulatory communications work. Weber was named to Ad Age's A-List and Fast Company's most innovative company list, making it a leader in its field. 
 As I mentioned, Golin saw very strong growth in the quarter, was named PR Week's U.S. Agency of the Year and recently introduced an interesting AI enabled platform that helps its clients detect and combat threats from bots, malicious actors and disinformation, including disinformation generated by AI. 
 In the experiential marketing space, Momentum created an AI-powered art experience in New York for the launch of the new Coca-Cola spiced beverage and continue to build on the AI patents we've mentioned to you previously to deliver improved efficiency and event logistics for its clients. Across IPG, we've long been clear that our commitment to ESG is a key priority and it's core to our culture. 
 During the first quarter, we published our ninth annual ESG report, which combines various reporting frameworks into one comprehensive disclosure and represents our third year in which we've engaged external experts to provide assurances on ESG metrics. We were also recently listed on the CDP supplier engagement leaderboard and recognition of the work we do to engage suppliers on climate change. 
 Looking forward, as mentioned earlier, it bears noting that the tenor of our conversations with clients has been more positive since the start of the year compared to the last 3 quarters of 2023. We continue to expect to achieve full year organic growth of 1% to 2%. But as mentioned earlier, a recent decision by a significant ongoing client will likely make achieving the top end of that target more challenging. And within that range of growth, we continue to expect that we'll deliver adjusted EBITA margin of 16.6% for the full year. 
 As you know, over time, we've consistently demonstrated that we can expand margins with growth. And a number of the areas of strength, which consistently performed very well. We call them out today media, health care, experiential and PR are accretive to our overall profitability as well. Our flexible cost model is an important lever for improving margins and that some of the new offerings that we have that are more precise and accountable will further enhance that opportunity, as they lead to more performance-driven compensation models. 
 Another important area for value creation is our strong balance sheet, will allow us to stay committed to capital returns, as was evident in our recent dividend increase and our continued share repurchases while also positioning us to augment our offerings and our asset mix with M&A with a particular focus on further broadening our commerce and scaled digital transformation capabilities. 
 Across the company, our teams remain highly focused on delivering by continuing to provide these higher order business solutions to clients, which help in turn them to succeed in this digital economy. So thanks again to our partners, to our people for their continued commitment and support as well as those of you on this call for your time. And with that, let's open the floor to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Adrien de Saint Hilaire with Bank of America. 
Adrien de Saint Hilaire: Philippe, Ellen and Jerry for the comprehensive presentation. I've got a few questions, if you don't mind. Philippe, I think in your intro, you said that tech has largely stabilized. Could you see that segment growing in Q2 and later on this year? Or is it too early at this moment to talk about growth for that space?
 Secondly, Philippe, you talked about a more active new business pipeline. There are a couple of like big accounts which are under review right now like Amazon, for example. Can you just tell us how much of your revenue you are actually defending? Or do you expect to defend this year? And then the third one, more for housekeeping, but what was the drag from R/GA and Huge on your organic growth this quarter? And how much should we expect going forward? It's a lot of questions, sorry. 
Philippe Krakowsky: No, please. I don't know that I can help you with the middle question just because, as you know, we don't really speak to the particulars or things that are proprietary relative to our clients. And there is one large review ongoing that you called out, which is very important to us, but there are clearly others where we are theoretically a beneficiary where we're not defending.
 But I really can't speak to that. On the other one, I'm happy to unpack that for you, and I'll probably do it all at one go. So I would say, if you look at the digital specialist agencies, through '23, the drag on a quarter-to-quarter basis to IPG overall was about 1.5% at any given point in time. And that continues to be the case. So we're seeing about a 1.5% drag from them in Q1.
 Tech and telco as a client sector over the course of '23 was probably in the 2% to 2.5% range. And again, it varied quarter-to-quarter. And that has come down to about 1.5% in Q1 of this year and significant, say, somewhere between 60% and 70% of that 1.5% is due to the 1 AOR loss that we called out. So we're clearly seeing progress as it were or at least less damaging to our results.
 And if you sort of take a cross-section, we've always said that the tech and telco space has been a function of large names, not small, medium-sized clients, not kind of the leading edge of digital, was not crypto, et cetera. So if you look at the bellwether, tech and telco clients, the big names. In Q1, those were just a hair below flat. So that's why we say stabilization. 
 Now to my mind, that doesn't say that we can tell you that we're seeing them come back to growth definitively at a moment in time in Q2 or in Q3, but clearly, that's the progress. And so if I take both of those X client overlap because the digital agencies do over-index into that client sector that in Q1, it was just shy of 30 basis points to our growth number. But the tenor of that are sort of the -- when you get to the granularity of that, you're definitely seeing some movement.
 And then I guess the last reminder I would add is just that our full year guidance doesn't factor in a return to growth for either of those agencies or the client sector in order for us to achieve the targets. So if tech improves faster, that would clearly be something that we hadn't baked in and it would be a net positive. 
Operator: Our next question is from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. 
David Karnovsky: Philippe, I know you're generally hesitant to talk about any clients on these calls, but you did call out the impact of a significant client decision to '24 organic growth. So I wanted to see if you could unpack a bit more what happened in this particular instance, given it's not very common to see large accounts shift over short periods? And then it would seem there's an extended offboarding period here. I don't know if you and Ellen can frame how to think about the organic impact in 2024 versus what might show up in the out year. 
 And then just separately, you had fairly direct commentary in the release on the potential for M&A. Can you speak a bit to both commerce and digital transformation, why are these areas where acquisitions are potentially attractive? And how does that fit with the broader portfolio? 
Philippe Krakowsky: On the large client, there's -- we don't speak for our clients. We don't disclose proprietary information. And that's obviously as it should be. So I'm not sure there's much we can add to the news that's out there already.
 I think what I would point out to you is it's a significant and important ongoing relationship with us. So this is a client with whom we continue to do medical communications where public relations work globally. It was a sizable consolidation last year. We were obviously very proud of the talent that helped us win the creative assignment. And the client, as we understand it, and as I said, it's what's in the public domain, they've chosen to evolve their marketing model. They're looking to rapidly drive change within their organization. So that's a decision that we understand.
 And in terms of trying to dimensionalize that for you or the magnitude of that shift, I mean, I think it's fair to say our best estimate is baked into the remarks that we've shared with you in terms of expectations for the full year organic. So barring this news, I think we'd be very comfortable at the upper end of our target growth range. And now we're telling you we think that will be challenging, but we're still in the 1% to 2% band.
 And we're going to be very thoughtful about supporting the client through a transitional period. So I think that you'll see some of that impact or deceleration in the back half of the year for us and then some in the early part of '25, but I can't really unpack it for you more than that.
 And then on M&A, I guess I'd say that we're -- we've got strength in commerce -- some of our CRM agencies, we've got strength in commerce at media brands where we're using Acxiom data, empowering the unified retail media solution. We're seeing that grow well. As I called out, we're seeing adoption across a number of clients, but incremental scale in commerce in the digital transformation area.
 I think, in digital services, an observation, I guess, would be that deep engineering capabilities and scale are growing in importance in those areas. And so when I talk about our asset mix, you've seen where our strong assets that are very future forward have meaningfully benefited the group as a whole. So that's a place where we see the opportunity to both get bigger, be bigger, and it's where there's demand on the client side. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. 
Steven Cahall: Philippe, you talked about strong long-term performance expectations at data and tech and health care and experiential. So I was wondering, first, if you could just talk about how health care is performing year-to-date in line with that comment? I think data and experiential were both kind of flat organically in the first quarter. So should we also think that those will probably accelerate as you move through the year?
 And that's part of what gives you that confidence in the organic guide despite some of that creative work moving off? And then, Ellen, could you just talk to your expectations for working capital in 2024, the last couple of years? Net working capital has been a pretty big drag. So I'm wondering if you have any guidance or expectations for that and for free cash flow to start to improve in 2024. 
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. So on health care, I'd say IPG Health, in all likelihood, largest in the space, recognized as a leader in the space; to your point, accretive to our overall results for some time and very, very broad penetration. We work with pretty much every major pharmaceutical company in the world. There's opportunity there because we've got a range of agencies inside of that group.
 And as long as you are servicing the client in a -- without any sort of direct competition at the drug or therapeutic area level, there's continued opportunity there. And then we also have media competence embedded their data and analytics, which we're obviously looking to connect more closely to those horizontal enterprise-wide capability layers that we've been putting in place. So that represents opportunity.
 So I think that Health performed well, and we continue to see that as something. We also have health care inside of PR. We have it inside of our Media operations as well, large health care clients. I'm not sure I'm tracking to your question around data and experiential flat because we sort of -- they sit in different segments. 
 As we've always said, the Acxiom data and capabilities are very closely embedded to the very strong media performance because it informs the product and the way that we deliver in that space. And then on the sort of experiential side, which is in the smallest of our segment and specialized, we did talk about the fact that we've got a couple of those brands performing well and one of them, which did not have a strong quarter, but I'm not sure that I can get to where you see that as flat or how that is going to inform our view.
 I think we still see those all as areas that are secularly, as it were, stronger and should continue to be accretive to our growth. 
Steven Cahall: Yes. The question was kind of do you expect those to accelerate a bit this year, assuming the creative is probably going to decelerate a little bit. 
Philippe Krakowsky: I mean, look, they have been. And as we said, we see them continuing to. We see PR performing well as well. 
Steven Cahall: Great. And working capital? 
Ellen Johnson: Yes. As far as working capital, it's an area of focus for us. It always is. We're very consistent to our approach, very disciplined starting from when we take on new clients to how we manage payables. As I talk about very frequently, it's volatile. Whether you get paid on the 31st, you get paid on the 1st, it creates volatility, but doesn't really impact the underlying result.
 That said, if you look at our use for the first quarter,  as I mentioned in my remarks, it's probably the lowest in about 15 years. So I do expect this year to be a much more normalized result. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. 
Craig Huber: Two questions, if I could. Can you talk a little bit of updated thoughts on AI and the opportunity on your side for more efficiencies, but also enhanced products and services you guys put out there? And I guess on the same token, do you feel that it might be an added competitive threat out there for third parties entering this space perhaps hurting you? That's my first question. 
 And then my second question is just give us a little bit more meat on the bones about what happened in Asia here. It's obviously a tough quarter, as it's been for the last 5 quarters, a little bit more is going on there. 
Philippe Krakowsky: I guess maybe we'll do the latter first because it's relatively straightforward. You see the size it represents relative to our overall. So in absolute terms, in a small quarter, you're not talking about a huge dollar amount. And it was just small -- there's no one event that took place. It was a lot of smaller cuts with a broad range of clients across the region and the exception being India, where we have significant scale and a lot of very strong agency brands and capabilities. I mean, I'm not sure, Ellen, if there's anything else on Asia that... 
Ellen Johnson: No, I think you've covered it with 7% revenue. 
Philippe Krakowsky: And then the AI question is obviously a very broad one. And on our last call and even in the prepared remarks, we talked a bit about the extent to which it has been part of our business for some time in the places where you have more data, a more precision, the ability to do addressable work, a lot of modeling doing -- being done to identify not only audiences but business opportunity. 
 So it's really baked into what we do in our media business, what we've been doing, obviously, at Acxiom for a long time. And then for some of our larger clients where we do integrated solutions that use the breadth of IPG and our engine. I think the thing that is clearly evolving, and maybe it's just an opportunity to talk a little bit about kind of what we announced with Adobe is how and to what extent do you -- you want the benefit of what the creative parts of the business and ideation brings to the party because clients' brands are so valuable and the way in which they leverage that IP is so important. 
 And yet, any part of what we do, if it's not connected to a larger hole and if it's not increasingly quantifiable, risks being less valuable over time. And so for us, the connectivity that GenStudio gives us -- I was sort of talking about that content supply chain technology. So it integrates Gen AI in a way where literally any piece of content we produce for a client how it's created, where we store it, how teams share it and gets passed back and forth approved, iterated often with the use of AI. All of that happens in one place.
 And then we connect that into what we're doing with Acxiom and Kinesso and what we've been doing with data. So then when you tag it, when you push it out to the segments that you've identified, we have the ability to link up all that information and then we can really understand kind of creative effectiveness in a way that we haven't before, right? How often was the asset used? How do consumers react to it or interact with it?
 So clearly, AI is going to give us this incremental layer in these solutions that we build for clients. And so for more of our creative agencies for the experiential and PR agencies are leaning in. And so what you're trying to do is demonstrate that you can connect the data layer to content. And then iterate and optimize that content and then connect it all the way through to an event to commerce. 
 I think, as with any tech, there is lots of focus. We've talked about how we're beyond the point where we're experimenting with it. We're actually implementing it pretty broadly across the board with lots of clients and also bringing them up to speed on how it gets used. But we're clearly looking at things that could be disruptive. And yet as an industry, we've fared pretty well in the past when there have been disruptive technologies that have come along going back 15 years ago to the advent of the platforms. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Bazinet with Citi. 
Jason Bazinet: I just had a quick question on M&A since you called it out in your prepared remarks. Other than the strategic fit, are there any sort of financial guidelines that are important to you if you do M&A, like additive to organic growth or helpful to margins or accretive to adjusted earnings? 
Philippe Krakowsky: I mean, look, I think we've always been very disciplined in the way that we approach this. And I think that notwithstanding the fact that obviously the -- you need something which strategically is going to, as I said, enhanced capabilities or be complementary to what we do in the areas where we're seeing more demand from clients, but we're always going to be disciplined in keeping some of the parameters you laid out in mind.
 And even the onetime when we did something very, very significant for us, and we've had competitors who -- or kind of much more consistently in market for deals at that scale and that I don't think that's what we're talking about here. You saw us be very thoughtful about -- and disciplined in terms of delevering and in terms of sort of how we incorporated that into the group. So I don't know that I can give you a specific guideline. It's also not going to impact, as I said, our commitment to capital return. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Nollen with Macquarie. 
Tim Nollen: I have actually 3 questions, and curious how it ties into your work specifically [ suite ]. I'm wondering about Google's decision to delay the deprecation of the Chrome cookie, which they announced last night. Just wondering, in general, like what kind of work are you doing with brand advertiser clients to prepare for deprecation of the cookie? And how, if at all, does this delay affect your business? 
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, look, I think to your point, it's not news in that this is something that was announced and that has now been delayed a number of times. I think marketers have been thinking about and asking for advice on how it is that we're going to continue to get the benefits of a certain kind of data.
 And again, I think people have become much more sophisticated over time and understanding that there are also limitations to proxy data or many clients have been much more focused on leveraging their own first-party data and creating their own identity graph and having, I'd say, more control over their own destiny or more autonomy when it comes to operating in this world where you've got all sorts of disparate data sources and obviously, the kinds of changes that were announced yesterday.
 So given the strength of our data capabilities, we've been ready for this for some time. We think it probably represents incremental opportunity. And then it hasn't really changed conversations with marketers because we've been thinking through how it is that you use cohorts, how it is that you find, as I said, ways to leverage your own first-party data or do data sharing, create -- and create sort of second-party data pool with any number of partners.
 So I don't see it as a particularly dramatic development. I don't think our people do. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Cameron McVeigh with Morgan Stanley. 
Cameron McVeigh: Just a couple of quick ones. Curious if you could quantify the very strong growth in media that you saw this quarter? And then secondly, the increase in SG&A due to some senior enterprise leadership investment in IT, just maybe any more color on that and if we should expect increased investment over the year. 
Philippe Krakowsky: See, as I can't help you on the first one because as you know it's not really a -- Ellen can unpack the latter for you in detail. 
Ellen Johnson: Sure. SG&A will be higher going forward, as we are making strategic investments, as Philippe mentioned in his remarks and senior enterprise talent and technology, that should lead to both increased growth and efficiency going forward. These were all considered, as you mentioned in the guidance that we've given. Q1 was slightly higher due to discrete items. But in general, that ratio should be higher this year. 
Philippe Krakowsky: And given the nature of the work that we do, there's definitely an increased need for -- we've always talked about integration of services and open architecture. But now as we're saying, you're talking about the need to centralize some of these horizontal capabilities at scale, a data layer, a production and GenAI sort of driven content layer. 
 Clearly, what Kinesso does for us in terms of activating that data into the media ecosystem. And so it does just shift where the focus is and the fact that you need folks at the center, who can operate things at that scale and get the agencies plugged into that. So it's just going to be a shift inside of our model. To Ellen's point, it's factored into our thinking. 
Operator: And that was our last question. I'll now turn it back to Philippe for any final thoughts. 
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Sue. Thank you all for the time. Obviously, some progress but work in progress. So we look forward to reporting back again next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.  I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. This morning, we are joined by our CEO, Philippe Krakowsky and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern time. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that are included in our earnings release and the slide presentation. These are further detailed in our 10-Q, 10-K and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance.  At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Philippe Krakowsky.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Jerry. Thank you all for joining us this morning. As usual, I'm going to start with a high-level view of our performance in the quarter and for the full year as well as our outlook for the year ahead. Ellen will then provide additional detail and I'll conclude with updates on key developments at the agencies to be followed by Q&A. We're pleased to share our fourth quarter highlighted by our strongest growth of the year, which exceeded expectations during our seasonally largest quarter.  Organic growth in the quarter was 1.7% on top of 3.8% a year ago. Underneath that number, the quarter continued to reflect the cross currency at work in the economy at large and within our portfolio of services and our client roster. Those include the headwinds that we've called out and discussed throughout the year, most notably the austerity among clients in the tech and telecom sector which was evident across our competitive set and the challenges faced by our digital specialist agencies. These factors continue to weigh significantly on our overall growth. In October, we also called out the impact of the tragic developments in the Middle East. First and foremost, it needs to be said that the war and geopolitical turmoil continue to put huge numbers of people in Israel, Gaza and increasingly across the region in harm's way, and that includes many of our colleagues. Understandably, this has also had an impact on economic activity in that part of the world, and therefore, in our results.  Notwithstanding those factors, our growth in Q4 showed acceleration from earlier in the year. New business wins onboarded in steadily greater size. And here, it's also worth noting sustained strong performance in media, which was our growth leader throughout 2023, and stronger growth in the healthcare sector as well. Our U.S. organic revenue performance improved from Q3 into Q4 and the overall sequential improvement was helped also by our European and Latin American markets, and both of those regions compounded strong performance in the fourth quarter a year ago. We saw solid levels of variable year-end client investment or the so-called fourth quarter project spend. Given that the macroeconomic backdrop remains somewhat cautious, this seems to have largely been a function of seasonal activity in the quarter.  Growth in the fourth quarter brings our organic revenue change for the full year 2023 to a decrease of 10 basis points. That follows a strong 7% growth organically in 2022. Looking at sectors, performance was mixed in Q4. six of our eight client sectors saw revenue increases. Growth was led by clients in the healthcare sector, as mentioned earlier, followed by the consumer goods and food and beverage sectors. Auto and transportation was down slightly, though against double-digit growth in Q4 2022. Between budget reductions and loss assignments, our tech and telecom sector weighed on our consolidated organic growth by approximately negative 2.5% in the quarter. Each of our operating segments grew organically during the quarter. In Media, Data & Engagement Solutions. Organic growth was 1.1% led by continuing very strong growth at IPG Mediabrands, decreases at our digital specialists weighed significantly on this segment.  Our Integrated Advertising & Creativity Led Solutions segment grew 2% organically, paced by strong growth at IPG Health and FCB partially offset by some of our more traditional offerings. Our segment of Specialized Communications & Experiential Solutions grew 2.9% organically in the quarter. We saw balanced growth across the full range of disciplines including public relations, experiential and sports marketing. Turning to profitability and expenses in the quarter. Our teams continued to excel operationally. We effectively use the levers of our flexible business model to navigate a complicated economic environment and a challenging year while simultaneously investing in the growth of our most modern and sophisticated capabilities. The result is the strong fourth quarter and full-year margin performance we are reporting today. Adjusted EBITDA margin on net revenue was 24.3% in the quarter an increase of 200 basis points from a year ago.  We drove operating leverage on our expense for base payroll, benefits and tax, our performance-based incentive compensation and our expense for occupancy. With that performance, full-year margin was 16.7%, which delivers against the target we set at the beginning of 2023 and further consolidates significant margin improvement over the recent past. Fourth quarter net income as reported was $463.2 million. Our adjusted EBITDA was $628.5 million, an increase of 11% from a year ago. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $1.21 as reported and $1.18 as adjusted for intangibles, amortization and the nonoperating impact of the disposition of small nonstrategic businesses. Full-year adjusted diluted EPS was $2.99 and as an important reminder, our EPS in the year's second quarter both as reported and adjusted, included the benefit of $0.17 per share related to the resolution of routine federal income tax audits of previous years for which we did not adjust.  During the quarter, our share repurchases totaled $131 million, which brought our share repurchases in 2023 to $350 million. Over the course of the year, total capital returns to shareholders between dividends and share repurchases were $829 million. As you've seen today, given the continued confidence of our Board and our operating strength and financial position as well as our long-term strategic trajectory, we've once again raised IPG's quarterly dividend by 6% to $0.33 per share. This marks our 12th consecutive year of increased dividends, and our Board also authorized an additional $320 million of share repurchase on top of the $80 million remaining on our previous authorization.  Turning our discussion to 2024, we continue to see economic and geopolitical uncertainty inform many of our clients' thinking. Despite signs that the consumer economy is improving, there remains a disparity of views regarding overall macro growth prospects. This is leading to some client conservatism, largely consistent with what we noted over much of the past year. We're seeing a measure of quarter-to-quarter stability in the tech and telco sector, previously discussed budget reductions at our major technology industry clients have been a consequence of broader enterprise cost-cutting programs within those companies. And while it's still not possible to call the timing with a significant upturn in tech spending and marketing activity, we've noted a more recent stabilization in that spend. However, a return to growth for us in this sector has not been factored into our plan for 2024.  With respect to our specialty digital offerings, we've taken several steps to strengthen their performance. This includes new leadership, co-location of global headquarters in a common innovation hub as well as comprehensively lowering and aligning their operating cost base in line with revenue. We continue to focus on a broad range of strategic as well as market-facing solutions over the near term, and that includes M&A to address the need for greater scale and digital transformation. As we look ahead, we remain confident in the fundamental strength of our company. We're focused on building on significant new business success during the past year as well as on our longer-term record of growth. We also anticipate that the strongest and most consistent growth areas of our business, which is our data and tech-driven media offering, healthcare marketing expertise, PR and experiential marketing capabilities will continue to perform well in the year ahead. In addition, our proven operational discipline will stay in effect. The net of these moving parts with certain areas of very strong performance within the portfolio, continued client caution and a focus on addressing challenges in some of our legacy and digital specialists, leads us to an expected organic net revenue growth for 2024 in a range of 1% to 2%. At that level of growth, we expect 2024 full-year adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.6%. This reflects a number of investments including in further development of our contemporary addressable capabilities, which is the data-powered tools that inform and drive integration and decision-making across IPG, Retail Media, Artificial Intelligence as well as building new buying models within media brands. We'll also continue to focus on streamlining operations and processes across the group. We're confident that our investment in growth, combined with continued operational excellence on the part of our teams means that our margins will resume their upward trajectory over the years ahead, consistent with our record in this area. In 2024, delivering on our goals, along with integrating our services in ways that help clients build their business and their brands. will be essential in creating value for all of our stakeholders.  At this point, I'll hand things over to Ellen for a more in-depth view of our results.
Ellen Johnson : Thank you. I hope that everyone is well. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. Beginning on Slide 2 of the presentation. Fourth quarter net revenue increased 1.4% from a year ago with organic growth of 1.7%. That brings our organic revenue decrease for the year to 10 basis points. Our four-year cumulative growth rate is 13.9% which is through the volatility of the COVID period and now, hopefully, the post-COVID period. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $628.5 million, and margin on net revenue was 24.3%.  Our diluted earnings per share in the quarter was $1.21 as reported and $1.18 as adjusted. So, excluding amortization of acquired intangibles, a nonoperating gain from the sale of a few non-strategic businesses. Our adjusted diluted EPS was $2.99 for the full-year, but that includes the benefit of $0.17 per share in the second quarter related to the resolution of routine federal income tax audits of previous years, of which we are not permitted to adjust. We concluded the year in a strong financial position with $2.39 billion of cash on the balance sheet and with 1.8 times gross financial debt to EBITDA as defined in our credit facility. The latter metric includes our double carry of $250 million of gross debt due to having prefunded our upcoming April maturities. We repurchased 4.3 million shares in the fourth quarter bringing our full-year repurchases to 10.4 million shares, which returned a total of $350 million to our shareholders in 2023.  Our Board increased our quarterly dividend by 6% to $0.33 and authorized another $320 million repurchase program in addition to the $80 million remaining under our prior authorization. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Turning to the fourth quarter and continue our revenue on Slide 4. Our net revenue in the quarter was $2.59 billion, an increase of 1.4% from a year ago. Compared to Q4 '22, the impact of the change in exchange rates was positive 50 basis points. Net dispositions were 80 basis points. Our organic net revenue increase was 1.7%, which brings us to a slight organic decrease for the full year of 10 basis points. Further down the slide, we break out our segment net revenue performance.  Our Media Data & Engagement Solutions segment grew 1.1% organically on top of 5.2% in the fourth quarter of 2022. The quarter was driven by strong growth in IPG Mediabrands on top of double-digit growth a year ago. Our challenges are our specialty digital agencies continue to significantly weigh on our overall segment growth. The organic decrease of this segment was 10 basis points for the full year. Organic growth at our Integrated Advertising & Creativity Led Solutions segment was 2%, which is on top of 2.2% a year ago. Our growth in the quarter was led by IPG Health and FCB partially offset by some of our more traditional offerings. For the year, the segment decreased 1.7% organically after 6.2% growth in 2022. At our Specialized Communications & Experiential Solutions segment, organic growth was 2.9% on top of 3.6% a year ago. We had growth across all major segment disciplines: public relations, experiential and sports marketing. For the year, the SC&E segment grew 4.1% organically compounding 8.6% organic growth in 2022. Moving on to Slide 5, our revenue growth by region in the quarter. The U.S., which was 62% of our fourth quarter net revenue grew organically by 10 basis points. We had notably strong growth at IPG Health, IPG Mediabrands and FCB. These increases in others were largely offset by decreases at our digital specialist agencies and by the loss of a client in the telecom sector at McCann. In addition, the impact of macro uncertainty was felt broadly across a more traditional consumer-facing offering.  International markets were 38% of our net revenue in the quarter and increased 4.3% organically, which is on top of 6.1% in the fourth quarter of 2022. In the U.K., which was 8% of our net revenue in the quarter organic growth was 40 basis points. We had very strong growth declines in the automotive and retail sectors. Those increases were largely offset by decreased revenue in the tech and telecom and healthcare sectors. Continental Europe was 10% of our net revenue in the quarter and grew 11.7% organically on top of 5.7% a year ago. We grew across most national markets and had notably strong performances by IPG Mediabrands and McCann. We saw strong growth in consumer, food and beverage and healthcare sectors. In Asia Pac, which is 8% of net revenue, our organic decrease was 1.5%. While we had strong growth in India and Australia, that was more than offset by decreases in Japan and China. In LatAm, we grew 15% organically in the quarter on top of 5.8% a year ago.  Our growth was across all major national markets with notable strength in Mexico, Brazil and Argentina. LatAm was 6% of our net revenue in the quarter. Our other international markets group which consists of Canada, the Middle East and Africa, decreased 1.4% organically against 6.9% growth a year ago. Performance was due to a double-digit decrease in Israel. Other international markets were 6% of our net revenue in the quarter. Moving on to Slide 6 and the operating expenses in the quarter. Our fully adjusted EBITDA margin in the quarter was 24.3% compared to 22.3% in 2022, an increase of 200 basis points. Underneath that improvement, our ratio of total salaries and related expenses as a percentage of net revenue was 59.4% compared with 61% in last year's fourth quarter. We have leverage on our expense for base payroll, benefits and tax and on our expense for performance-based incentive compensation.  We ended the year with a headcount of 57,400 compared with 58,400 a year ago, a decrease of 1.7%. Our office and other direct expense increased as a percent of net revenue by 10 basis points to 13.6%. Occupancy expense decreased as a percent of net revenue by all other office and other direct expense increased mainly due to investments in the branding and positioning of our media offerings and in cloud computing technology. Our SG&A expense was 0.9% of net revenue a decrease of 30 basis points. Turning to Slide 7, we present detail on adjustments to our reported fourth quarter results in order to give you better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left-hand side with our reported results and steps through to adjusted EBITDA and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles in the second column was $20.9 million. The small adjustments to previous restructuring actions was $0.8 million.  Below operating expenses, our net gain from the sales of nonstrategic businesses was $36.8 million and $29.4 million after tax, which is shown in Column 4. At the foot of the slide, you can see the after-tax impact per diluted share of each of these adjustments, which bridges fourth quarter diluted EPS as reported at $1.21 and adjusted earnings of $1.18 per diluted share. Slide 8 similarly depicts adjustments for the full year, again, for continuity and comparability. Our amortization expense was $84 million. Dispositions over the course of the year resulted in the net gain of $16.4 million and $13 million after tax. The result is a full-year adjusted EBITDA of $1.57 billion and adjusted diluted EPS of $2.99, including, again, $0.17 from our tax item earlier in the year. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the full year was 20.6%, so that includes the $64.2 million tax benefit in our second quarter. On Slide 9, we turn to cash flow for the full year. Cash from operations was $554.7 million and was $1.23 billion before the changes in working capital. As we have pointed out in the past, working capital is volatile. Over the last five years, we have generated a total of $738 million from changes in working capital. It's worth highlighting that our operating cash flow also includes a contribution of $46 million to our U.K. pension fund in the fourth quarter in order to derisk and close out our obligations to the fund. We are taking advantage of the interest rate environment to secure buy-in with a third party under terms that are attractive and will both ensure benefits for our planned participants and put the U.K. plan on course for a buyout. The buyout will transfer IPG's obligations and commitments to the third party, thereby eliminating IPG's future risks. We anticipate a required process will be completed in 10 months to 18 months. At that time, we estimate we would incur a noncash charge in the range of $180 million to $200 million net of tax, representing the end of our involvement with the plan. Our investing activities used $85.4 million that mainly reflects CapEx of $179.3 million, offset by cash proceeds of $58.7 million from the sale of nonstrategic businesses, and $35.1 million of net proceeds from investments.  Our financing activities was $634.3 million, which is mainly dividends on our common stock, and repurchases of our shares, partially offset by the $296.3 million, we raised through the issuance of new debt to prefund our upcoming April maturity. Our net decrease in cash for the year was $158 million. Slide 10 is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the year with $2.39 billion of cash and equivalents. Slide 11 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt and our diversified maturity schedule. Total debt at year-end was $3.2 billion including the upcoming $250 million maturity. Thereafter, our next scheduled maturity is not until 2028. In summary, on Slide 12, financial discipline continues. Our balance sheet and liquidity give us a strong foundation to build on for success.  And with that, I'll turn it back to Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Ellen. During the course of 2023, both our industry and our company faced an elevated degree of volatility. And while the top line improved measurably through the fourth quarter, for the year, we did not perform up to our expectations or the standards we set over the long term. We've covered the ins and outs of this performance as it relates to our asset and client mix. To address the needs of modern marketers in recent years, you've seen us create centralized skill sets and resources in areas such as audience definition and identity resolution and more recently, commerce and production.  We're connecting more of our traditional offerings to these capabilities, and in order to activate these services fully across the group. During 2023, we also brought in a number of key functional leaders at the corporate group level. Our strategy, talent and culture continue to drive innovation, creativity and integrated services, which come together in ways that help our clients succeed. Another key to our long-term growth has been our expertise in first-party data management and accountable marketing solutions. These continue to be areas of core relevance to marketers looking to build their brands and simultaneously deliver business outcomes in an increasingly digital economy. More recently, we have focused on 4 strategic areas to further our data and technology strategy. First is a suite of identity resolution tools built by Acxiom to help clients navigate a cookie-less world. Second, our unified retail media network solution and IPG Mediabrands which ensures brands have a holistic view of their performance across the fast-growth ecosystem of retail platforms. This, in turn, integrates with our commerce offerings across the company, which extends to all core marketing functions, whether that's media, creative, experiential or earned impressions in PR. And fourth, our investment in performance marketing at KINESSO moving powerful addressable solutions closer to our end users, which is helping brands follow the movement of customers throughout their purchasing journey and then activate accordingly.  Analytics teams as well as modeling and decisioning tools are core to all these efforts. These are also areas where we continue to make investments in Artificial Intelligence. It's important to note that AI is not new. Machine learning has been an ongoing part of our media and data business for many years. Combined with the latest advances in generative AI, we're now adding the same level of intelligence for the creation of personalized content across the marketing spectrum. We believe our current and prospective investment in AI continues to be at rates commensurate with competitors relative to the scale of our respective organizations. IPG has enterprise-level agreements in place with a range of key AI vendors, including Amazon, Adobe, Microsoft, Google, Getty and OpenAI as well as with innovative and emerging partners in this space. Our programs with these leading technology partners have resulted in products that are already being used by marketers, including Mediabrands where our client-facing brand voice and brand portrait capabilities help us activate campaigns on behalf of clients. IPG Mediabrands also launched a new AI chat assistant to optimize internal workplace productivity and enhance employee work styles through the use of Gen AI. At Huge, clients are using the agency's AI powered culture decoder and creative capital index tools to help clients on their transformation journeys, and R/GA is using Gen AI across practice areas and include creative concepting, research and analytics. Weber Shandwick has a group called the AI accelerator. It's both the team and a product set that help our clients with technical and cultural issues related to generative AI, training marketers on the technology and ensuring that they're using the tools as effectively and ethically as possible.  Across a number of markets, both domestically and internationally. And with clients in a range of industries, we are in market with campaigns that feature thousands of variations of content all made possible by this expanding use of Gen AI and enabling our capabilities with the technology. As I mentioned earlier, we've also enhanced our senior team at IPG to ensure that our centralized resources in key areas like audience and identity, commerce and production are being used across the group, and this includes a Chief Client and Business Officer, who will drive collaboration and integrated service delivery for our clients. Chief Commerce Strategy Officer, who is connecting the existing channel and platform expertise across the portfolio.  The Chief Solutions Architect, who's orchestrating our approach to marketing tech solutions that combine data and platform capabilities with partners such as Adobe and Salesforce. And just this week, we announced that one of the industry's top creative leaders will come across and join the team at IPG to focusing on championing talent and delivering innovative ideas and creative platforms across the company. I'll turn now briefly to the highlights of agency-level performance in Q4. As mentioned, Mediabrands performed well, closing out another very strong year. And a noteworthy development was the announcement at IPG Mediabrands and Amazon Ads had entered into a three-year agreement to help brands reach audiences through Prime Video ads. It's made us the first holding company to partner with Amazon Ads on this exciting new offering, which we believe will be significant in the evolution of the media marketplace.  The recently streamlined and integrated KINESSO offering at a standout quarter and Media Post named Media Agency of the Year for 2023. At UM, we saw a global win with Boeing in partnership with FCB as well as the promotion of two internal leaders to be both the global and U.S. CEO. An initiative was named Media Network of the Year by the Festival of Media over North America and won that same honor for the sixth consecutive year in Latin America. At Acxiom, on the platform side, the company was spotlighted as an identity and onboarding leader in Snowflake marketing data stack report. Acxiom has also launched a new data offering in the healthcare space and the Acxiom Health data set is going to enable our healthcare clients to significantly increase campaign conversions and improve the success of display and video advertising.  As we've mentioned, IPG Health had a strong quarter, leveraging tailwinds from both new business wins and its long-standing leadership in the category in terms of industry recognition, the unit dominated at the Medical Marketing and Media Awards being named Network of the Year for the second consecutive year. FCB's performance was strong as it has been consistently over the course of 2023. Clorox consolidated all of its U.S. creative duties with the agency during Q4. And at year-end, the network continued to garner top industry accolades creatively with Global Network of the Year honors at the one show and similar honors for its North America operations. Our earned and experiential agencies momentum worldwide became the first agency to secure AI patents diffuse machine learning and AI to create smarter and more targeted experiences for consumers and Octagon brought on a range of new clients in the fourth quarter, notably Subway as well as significantly expanding its work with clients such as SNICKERS in the Premier League. Our PR network showed solid growth during the quarter. We saw this across geographies.  The healthcare sector was a strong contributor, driven by a key AOR appointment at Walgreens and new assignment with existing clients, Vertex, Weber one AOR duties for Eventbrite and also created the biggest earned media campaign ever on the part of CeloNova [ph], one of our important clients as part of their college football bowl sponsorship and Golan was appointed to lead Fidelity's U.S. PR efforts including external newsroom operations earned media relations, crisis management as well as content and measurement. On the ESG front, we announced our inclusion in three key corporate ratings. The Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America, the Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index and a best place to work on the disability equality index. We see earning recognition from these leading organizations as further validation of our efforts to create a fair and inclusive culture across the organization.  Now stepping back, I think we know that the world in which we live is increasingly digital, that more than ever, clients need help from us in using audience-led thinking powered by data and AI to solve for a widening set of business problems and opportunities. As always, we're going to continue to invest behind the growth of businesses by developing our own people and continuing to differentiate our offerings. This includes investment in upskilling, training and recruitment, particularly around AI, but also marketing platforms and cloud computing. Our plans also include a disciplined approach to M&A, which will focus on opportunities that are consistent with strategic growth areas, notably increasing our scale and capabilities in digital transformation, and our total commerce offerings. As stated earlier, despite the continued uncertainty we're seeing in some key client sectors, we are targeting growth in 2024 in the range of 1% to 2%. Consistent with that level of growth and the investment needs that we've discussed with you this morning, we foresee adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.6%.  Based on our long-term track record, we're confident that margins will resume their upward trajectory in the year ahead. Of course, another key area of value creation remains a very strong balance sheet and liquidity. And our ongoing commitment to capital returns is evident in the actions announced by our board today, which also speaks to confidence in our strategic trajectory and our future prospects. Now that commitment to capital returns is in addition to meeting the M&A priorities mentioned earlier. I would just like to close by thanking our clients, our people around the world. Of course, those for you on this call for your continued interest and support.  And with that, let's open the floor to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Adrien de Saint Hilaire with Bank of America. You may go ahead.
Adrien de Saint Hilaire : I've got a couple, if you don't mind. First of all, Philippe and Ellen, can you help us with the cadence of growth that you expect for 2024. Some of your competitors have been talking about Q1 being in line with the full year. Some others have talked about the year being more second half weighted. Where do you shake out?  And the second question is what impact from net new business? Are you assuming in the 1% to 2%? Because on the one hand, you've had some decent success, of course, with GEICO, Pfizer, but then you have some other accounts which are under review like Amazon, some others like GM which may be under review. So curious if you've assumed any benefits or any loss or something neutral in there? Thank you, very much.
Philippe Krakowsky: I'll try to do it just unpack and give you the component parts of that 1% to 2%. I think that would sort of be two ways to consider it. Whether you think mix and/or balance of assets in the group, right? So relative size of maybe some of those more traditional assets. We've talked about the impact that the digital agencies, though a small part of revenue we're having to our overall growth. But what we factored into our thinking was strong continued performance from segments of the portfolio that have either more precision or more accountability or technical expertise baked in.  So clearly, media, long leader, accretive top and bottom line, healthcare. And then marketing services like experiential and earn for any number of reasons, I think, are very relevant and making an impact with clients given how hard it is to connect with consumers. We factored in the expectation that tech and telco will continue to pressure growth less so than last year. And that's, as we said, stabilization, broadly speaking, among that client set. But for us, clearly, we're carrying a sizable loss in telco that will be felt through most of the year. On the digital specialists I think the plan has similar expectations. They do lean more heavily into the tech space. But as I also mentioned, I think we're thinking a lot about whether we've got the scale there that we require, specifically around skill sets like digital transformation.  So not likely positive but less of a drag than last year. And then with respect to new business, as you said, we had quite a number of large wins, some of which we began to feel the benefit of in the back half of last year and more so in Q4 regrettably, we then had two sizable losses, different flavors, different reasons behind that. But we're going to basically be carrying the headwinds on both those losses all year this year. So, if we think about new business as we head into the year for the totality of '23, that's taken a lot of the wind out of our sales. So, we figure we're broadly speaking, flat. And those are all the moving parts. I mean I don't know that Ellen if there's anything to add, and we don't usually sort of walk folks through the phasing of the quarter. But hopefully, that is point by point, all of the ways that we got to how we see '24 and what informs that range that we're guiding to.
Operator: Our next question is from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. You may go ahead.
David Karnovsky : Maybe a follow-up on a prior one. Believe you noted stabilization broadly for...
Philippe Krakowsky: There's only been one. You're following up on a prior question, the second question.
David Karnovsky: Well, I follow up on the first part of the prior question. You noted a stabilization broadly for tech and telecom outside of the new business impact. I just wanted to see if you could expand on what you're seeing in the vertical right now? Are there any kind of renewed indications of Project Broker brand spend?  And then on margins, in the past, you've spoken to the company's ability to expand profitability in almost any environment. And I think we can appreciate there are unique factors in '24 like incentives resetting or investment in certain areas. But I wanted to get you to speak a little bit longer term? And would you expect to kind of continue to convert organic growth into margin gains as you have in the past?
Philippe Krakowsky: Absolutely. Well, look, I don't think any of us is -- the way in which we demonstrated in '23 that you can run a business this scale and this complexity and see margin improvement, notwithstanding no growth is not our -- any number of us have talked about it over time. And we've always said that the flexible cost model does give us the ability to do that.  Looking forward, I think that we tried to call out for you where we see the need for and we're pretty specific about areas where there'll be organic investment in the business. And I think that's part of why we're essentially in a sort of flat-ish down 10 basis points in terms of where the margin target is. But nothing has changed that in the underlying with growth we convert to improvement in margin. And then as you know as well, there is the degree to which we're going to continue to think about and look at our own processes and reengineering our business AI will actually play a part in that as well. It's not a '24 event, but the additional dimension to our media offering. So, media buying model that kind of adds the ability to take that principle to generate efficiency because I think we've been a media buyer where value has been about effectiveness. I think there'll be opportunity there. So, I would not conclude that this year is indicative. I think we tried to be as clear as we could in the prepared remarks that we still see upside on the margin.  And then the first part of your question, I don't -- again, I think what we shared in the past is that it did feel to us as if during the fourth quarter, tech and telco was stabilizing. And I would say that that's still the case. It doesn't feel like we are seeing meaningful upside there. And to Adrien's question, we've not factored that into our thinking for '24.
Operator: The next question is from Tim Nollen with Macquarie. You may go ahead.
Tim Nollen : Philippe, I'd just like to ask about some of the reorganizations that you've done, you've had some management turnover you've had some account losses but I'm focused actually on the data and media segment, and you mentioned KINESSO in your prepared remarks. Just wondering if you could help us understand how that data and media organization is more simplified, how it presumably should be better and help clients drive better returns on spending, hopefully win some more business.  And relatedly, I think you mentioned also in your prepared remarks about focusing some M&A activity on scale and digital transformation activities. I wonder if that's a particular call out or just -- and if there's anything more to add to that? Or if this is just kind of a standard thing that you would be investing in?
Philippe Krakowsky: That's both good questions. I mean the KINESSO decision was sort of an evolution. I think you know us and have followed us long enough to know that post-Acxiom, we built engineering capability that allowed the data to be accessed by and put to use, again, by as many of our agencies as possible, concentration still being largely of our media business that then led to the creation of an addressable unit. And what we were observing there was just that there started to be a bit too much complexity. There were just too many places that you had to stop along the way to get that kind of work done. So, we have both recombined and integrated what was matter kind KINESSO reprise all of those units performance, kind of holistic, addressable and then the folks who build the tech that drives that into one unit. We've also aligned that into Mediabrands. And as I mentioned, their performance was actually very strong last year, specifically called it out for the quarter. And it's just meant just a more streamlined way to get all the way through that value chain. And we still have work to do to activate Acxiom across more of the group. So, I think that will also help because it's likely that, that will become the tech node from which we do that for the entirety of IPG.  And the second question you asked, I think, goes to when I look at or when we look at what we've run into with very, very -- with premium digital agencies that are in the portfolio that for many years, we're very, very strong performers is a sense that coming out of pandemic scale in that space matters and you're sort of looking at where some of that business is going and the nature of how a lot of those RFPs come across. And so, I think it's an area we're interested in and would have been interested regardless, but it's definitely an area of particular focus at the moment.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. You may go ahead.
Steven Cahall : So, we've seen one of your peers that media has been strong and accelerating and creative has been softer. I think you've called out some similar trends with creative a bit softer and Mediabrands performing well. I'm just wondering, as you speak to clients, do you think that this change in the way that advertising is evolving means that brands are going to increasingly shift dollars into paid media and take dollars out of creative? Is that a long-term change to the industry? And if so, what does it mean for Interpublic?  And then just to pick up on the margin topic. So, I think it was about eight years ago, every agency had to invest in capabilities like programmatic, and it did take some margin expansion out of the industry kind of until about the COVID era. And I think now we're seeing some of that in both media and AI. So how do you think about this investment cycle in terms of how long it might last before that longer-term margin expansion plan comes back? Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: That's a lot in two very quick questions. So, I guess on the latter, I would say to you that, obviously, if you look at our margins four years ago today -- five years ago today. So, I think that the AI piece, to begin with, it will likely be helpful from a margin perspective. But I think that you have to kind of unpack the spend. There's been a lot of noise around who's spending what or what those commitments are. And I'm not sure that even for the folks who put some numbers out there, it's necessarily been apples-to-apples. But I think from where we sit, the investments across the group that would classify as AI-related are quite significant.  So, if we look at '24, I assume that, that number is $80 million range in berry. And that is tech, software, including licenses and the partnerships, many of which I called out to you. And then development, which can happen in-house and then a great deal of training that is required. And so, AI has been a part of the business for many years, particularly data, on the media, sort of more tech-leaning offerings. So, the spend has been growing over time, and that '24 number I throw out there is not all incremental, right? So, you think about the annual budgets we've got for tech, for development, for training portion of that now, an increased portion of that is going to be directed to AI. And as we rethink core components of our business, Ellen talks a lot about how we are kind of looking for more efficient processes.  We're going to basically, I think, fund that incremental spend internally. So, I don't know that I would conclude that it's going to be a significant drain on our profitability prospects. And I'm thinking about programmatic, did that happen faster. I mean, AI has definitely been part of the business for a while or certain parts of AI. And then the first question, I would say, it's not a trend that we haven't observed for some time. So, I would say that on the creative side of the business, things have become, in many cases, more project driven than a very, very kind of traditional model that would have existed years ago around kind of AOR. And there's still significant value and creativity, but I think you want to focus on where you've got very, very strong players in that space. And I think, as you called out, many of the large holding companies index heavily into some of those traditional assets. And so, in a fragmented media ecosystem, creative ideas matter a lot. I look at the success we're having with FCB, which is a traditional agency, but it's a very forward-thinking management team, and they have figured out a way to plug into the data layer for insights and to get very precise in setting goals for what they're trying to accomplish with their clients, and then it's integrated with other disciplines, in their case, very strong production.  So, if you've got great content and it's part of a bigger system, and then you've got smart delivery, that works pretty well. So, I think these days, clients want both. They're sort of asking for brand and performance which doesn't quite get to the question that you asked for the suggestion, which is, is there a point at which people abandon that because I think that's a dangerous thing as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Roch with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Julien Roch : Just one question. Omnicom's guided to 3.5% to 5% provision is 4% to 5%, you 1% to 2%, so let's call that a 3-point difference. Can you unpack that difference between the digital specialist those tech and telco net account wins and anything else I did not think about? So, you said flat on account wins, but provision and Omnicom will benefit from account wins. So, I don't know, 50 basis point or 100 basis point on that. But what about the drag from digital specialist exposure to tech and anything else I didn't think about? Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: I can't tell you what is in their numbers. And obviously, we're comparing things that are not exactly alike based on the accounting. I think the media buying capability that we're talking about adding mail, so account for some of that delta but if I look at the entirety of '23, I can tell you that tech and telco cost us 2.2% of organic growth and the digital specialist cost us about 1.2%. And if you deduplicate that so that you're not double counting, that cost us 3 percentage points of growth, right? So again, I can't go into what is in their numbers, and I don't think that they're exactly comparable.  I took to the point of the very first question, I wanted to be very sort of direct and transparent and pull apart for you all how we built our view to the year. And then to your question, I think that is it like-for-like? Is a question? We have a terrific media offering, but we were perhaps a different approach and a focus on efficiency means that there's an opportunity there for us because that may be part of the gap. And then hopefully, the numbers I just shared with you fill the rest of the gap.
Operator: And that was our last question. I'll now turn it back to Philippe for any final thoughts.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you. Well, thank you, Sue. Thank you all for your time, and we will stay focused on the work that needs to get done here because to the point of a number of the questions, we definitely have to get back to things that have been the norm for us for a long time. And I think this is going to be a year where we can finish some of the transformations that are required to do that. So, I appreciate the interest and the time.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Third Quarter 2023 Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice-President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. This morning we are joined by our CEO, Philippe Krakowsky, and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern Time. During this call we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties and the cautionary statement that are included in our earnings release and the slide presentation. These are further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Philippe Krakowsky.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Jerry. As usual, this morning I'll begin with a high-level view of the quarter, after which Ellen will provide additional details. I'll conclude with updates on our agencies to be followed by Q&A. Before getting to the business of the call, however, it seems not only appropriate, but necessary to speak to our collective shock and grief in response to the terrorist attacks perpetrated in Israel and their aftermath. Thankfully, our colleagues in Israel are safely accounted for, but many are being called into service. We're also clearly in the midst of humanitarian crisis in the region. So our thoughts go out to all innocent lives that have been impacted by violence and those, who remain in harm's way. Given the scale of our operations in Israel, we'll also spend a bit more time later in the call discussing the implications on IPG's business. Turning to 3Q performance, starting at the top of revenue, results did not measure up to expectations. The organic change of our revenue before billable expenses was a decrease of 40 basis points. For the first nine months of the year, our organic decrease is therefore 80 basis points from a year ago, inconsistent with a trailing three-year growth of 15.7%. The same factors we've discussed as having impacted the first-half of the year continue to weigh on the third quarter. These are in order of magnitude, the decrease in client activity in the tech and telecom client sector, which has been evident across our industry this year, and the underperformance of our digital specialist agencies. Decreases in both of these areas were at about the same scale as we identified in the second quarter and together they weighed on our third quarter growth by approximately 3.2%. As we've spoken to in recent quarters, major marketers in technology sector are consumers of our core services. And as a sector, their budgets this year have seen significant cost cutting in line with the broader austerity efforts at those companies. While it's challenging to call the timing of the upturn in their marketing spend, we do believe that the current pressure on this sector will abate since these market leaders will need to return to growth mode. Another key factor negatively impacting our results is the broad concern about marketers related to macroeconomic conditions, which we've identified on our previous call this year. Economic concerns have translated into what is now an unmistakably more cautious tone in the business. We saw those headwinds take several forms, including pauses in certain planned activities, fewer and generally smaller project opportunities, and a slower than anticipated pace in conversion and onboarding of new business. Notwithstanding these challenges, it's worth noting that we did see progressively better performance from month-to-month during the third quarter with growth in September. We also saw aggregate growth among our top 20 clients in the quarter. We continue to anticipate that the new business that we've won across the first part of this year will be more visible in our results going forward. And as was announced yesterday, we were pleased to see General Mills tap UM as their global media agency of record. UM handle all strategy planning, buying, analytics, performance, and commerce efforts across 36 markets for this important client. It's also worth highlighting that in the quarter we continue to see growth in areas of the business that have been key drivers of success for us over a number of years. Namely our media offerings, which performed very strongly and the healthcare sector. In addition we had solid growth in sports and entertainment marketing, public relations, and our experiential offerings. Six of our eight client sectors grew during quarter, as has been the case in the nine months year-to-date. We were led in the quarter by the strong growth of auto and transportation, followed by our other sector of diversified industrials and public sector clients, the financial services and healthcare sectors. Healthcare grew in the quarter, though not at the more robust levels we'd expected. Food and beverage and consumer goods sectors also increased in Q3. We had a slight decrease in the retail sector. The tech and telecom sector decreased in the high-teens, the percentage basis, and this is not only due to the larger trend in the sector, but also in the significant client loss at McCann. Regionally we saw organic growth in the quarter across the U.K., Europe, Latin America, and our other markets group. The U.S. and Asia Pacific region decreased. Lower revenue in the U.S. was predominantly due to the sector and agency-specific challenges we've called out. If you look at the balance of the year, the geopolitical situation in the Middle East does add a degree of uncertainty to our business. Our operations in Israel include the full range of creative marketing services and media offerings. And they represent approximately 1% of total IPG global revenue. As you'd expect, economic activity in the country is at a standstill, which has already begun to have an impact during what is seasonally the business's largest quarter. The developing geopolitical crisis is of course foremost a human concern and our top priority is to do what we can to support our colleagues in the region. But in the context of this call we did feel it was necessary to point out it will also have some business implications. Turning to segment performance, media, data, and engagement solutions grow organically by 50 basis points in the quarter. We continue to see very strong growth in our media offerings. That was, again, largely offset by challenge results or digital specialty agencies. Our segment of integrated advertising creativity-led solutions decreased 4.1% organically, as the tech and telecom client sector and a more cautious spending climate weighed on our more traditional consumer advertising agencies. SCB's strong performance in the quarter was a notable exception powered by its strategy of incorporating data-informed audience-led thinking into its core creative offering. Our segment of specialized communications and experiential solutions grew by 6.5% organically. The quarter was highlighted by increases in sports and entertainment, experiential and public relations. Turning to an overview of expenses and margin, operating discipline continued to be a strength and was fully in evidence during the quarter. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 17.2%, up from 15.5% a year ago. Across the group, we're effectively managing our flexible operating model, which you can see in our expenses for temporary labor, performance-based incentive compensation, and SG&A. Total headcount decreased by 1.5% from a year ago. Occupancy expense decreased, as well as we continue to benefit from actions taken on the real estate portfolio and other variable expenses such as travel or resources operating leverage. Our diluted earnings per share in the quarter was $0.63 as reported and was $0.70 as adjusted for intangibles, amortization, and other items. During the quarter, we repurchased 2.6 million shares, returning $91 million to shareholders. That brings our share repurchases for the nine months to 6.1 million shares using $219 million. The strength and strategic relevance of our offerings is evident in our new business wins year-to-date and our long-term record of organic growth. That said, we had anticipated that the puts and takes in Q3 would have netted to better revenue performance than reflected in our results today. And I'll do more to unpack that for you in my closing remarks. Turning to our outlook for the remainder of this year, given the trends we've called out for you since the beginning of the year, the fact that macro conditions have become more challenging, as well as the incremental impact of geopolitical uncertainty, we believe organic revenue performance for the fourth quarter will come in at approximately 1% growth. Nonetheless, we remain committed to our margin goal for the year of 16.7%. Our current level of performance is not up to the standards we've set over many years. We'll therefore be looking to close this year as strongly as possible and specifics to identified areas of underperformance, also assess structural internal solutions to improve our growth profile. At this point, I hand the call over to Ellen for a more detailed review of our results.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you, Philippe. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. Beginning with the highlights on slide two of the presentation, our third quarter revenue before billable expenses or net revenue increased 60 basis points from a year ago with an organic decrease of 40 basis points. Our organic decrease was 1.2% in the U.S., while we grew 1.1% organically in our international markets. Over the first nine months of the year our organic revenue decrease was 80 basis points. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $397.2 million, an increase of 11.5% from a year ago and margin was 17.2%. Our diluted earnings per share in the quarter with $0.63 as reported and $0.70 as adjusted. The adjustments exclude the after tax impacts of the amortization of acquired intangibles and non-operating losses on the sales of certain small non-strategic businesses. We repurchased $2.6 million shares during the quarter and $6.1 million shares in the years first nine months. Turning to slide three, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Turning to third quarter revenue in more detail on slide four. Our net revenue in the quarter was $2.31 billion. Compared to Q3 2022, the impact of the change in exchange rates was positive 70 basis points. With the U.S. dollar weaker against the euro, pound in several LatAm currencies, compared to last year. But stronger against most currencies in Asia Pac and the Canadian dollar. Our net acquisitions added 30 basis points. Our organic decrease of revenue before billable expenses was 40 basis points. For the nine months, our organic decrease was 80 basis points. The performance of our segments is at the bottom of this slide. Our media, data, and engagement solutions segment grew organically by 50 basis points. We had very strong global growth at our media businesses. So, that was largely offset by the continued underperformance by our digital specialist agencies. Our integrated advertising and creatively-led solutions segment decreased organically by 4.1%. Lower revenue from clients in the tech and telecom sector and a more challenging macro environment was felt broadly across our more traditional consumer facing agency. At our specialized communications and exponential solutions segment organic growth was 6.5% with growth across our sports and entertainment, public relations and exponential disciplined. Moving on to slide five. An organic net revenue growth by region. In the U.S., which was 65% of our revenue before billable expenses in the quarter, our organic decrease was 1.2%. Against 4.4% growth in last year's third quarter. Decreases among tech and telecom sector clients and a more cautious macroeconomic environment continued to weigh on our performance. Notably, at our digital specialist and at most of our creatively led agencies. We had strong growth at our media offerings followed by increases at our sports and entertainment, exponential and public relations disciplines. International market, which were at 35% of our net revenue grew organically 1.1% in the quarter on top of 7.8% a year ago. The U.K., which is 8% of net revenue in the quarter grew 2.2% organically on top of 4.9% a year ago. Growth was led by IPG Mediabrands, McCann and FCB. Continental Europe, which was 8% of net revenue grew 3.9% organically in the quarter. Compounding last year's 4.7% growth. We were led by growth in Spain and Germany as well as by increases in smaller national markets. Asia Pac was also 8% of net revenue in the quarter. Our organic decrease was 5%, compared to 5.6% growth a year ago, due to decreases in Japan and China. In LatAm, which was 5% of net revenue, our organic growth was 5.7% on top of 19.8% a year ago. With increases across all national markets led by Colombia and Argentina. In our other markets group, which is Canada, the Middle East and Africa, we grew 1.2% on top of 10.6% a year ago. Moving on to slide six, an operating expenses in the quarter. Our net operating expenses which exclude billable expenses, the amortization of acquired intangibles and restructuring adjustments decreased 1.5% from a year ago, compared with the growth in reported net revenue of 60 basis points. The result was adjusted EBITDA margin of 17.2%, an increase of 170 basis points from a year ago. As you can see on this slide, our ratio of total salaries and related expense. As a percentage of net revenue decreased by 110 basis points to 66.3% from 67.4% in last year's third quarter. Compared to last year we delivered on our expense for based payroll benefits and tax. Well, our expense for temporary labor, employee incentive compensation and severance decreased as a percent of net revenue. Each of these ratios is shown in the appendix on slide 31. Head count at quarter end with 57,700. A decrease of 1.5% from a year ago. Also on this slide, our office and other direct expense was 13.8% of net revenue, compared with 14.3% in Q3 22. Underneath that improvement, we continue to leverage our expense for occupancy and all other office and other expense. Our SG&A expense was 70 basis points of net revenue, an improvement of 10 basis points. On slide seven, we present the detail on adjustments to reported third quarter results. In order to provide better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left hand side with reported results. And from left to right, depth through to adjusted EBITDA and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles in the second column with $21 million. The adjustments to previous restructuring actions was a credit of 600,000. Total operating expenses as shown in column four, we had a loss of $12.1 million in other expenses that was due to the disposition of a few small non-strategic businesses. At the foot of this slide, you can see the after tax impact per diluted share of each adjustment, which bridges our diluted EPS as reported at $0.63 to adjusted earnings of $0.70 per diluted share. Slide eight depicts similar adjustments for the nine months. Our diluted earnings per share was $1.64 as reported and $1.81 as adjusted. As a reminder, reported and adjusted EPS for the year-to-date period includes the benefit of $0.17 per share recorded to our tax provision in this year's second quarter. On slide nine, we turn to cash flow in the quarter. Cash from operations was $242.7 million and operating cash flow before working capital was $365.4 million. As a reminder, our operating cash flow is highly seasonal and can be volatile by quarter, due to changes in the working capital component. And our investing activities, we used $48.6 million. Essentially, all of which was towards CapEx in the quarter. Our financing activities used $225.5 million, mainly reflecting capital return to shareholders. Our net decrease in cash for the quarter was $52.7 million. Slide 10 is the current portion of our balance sheet. The end of the quarter with $1.57 billion of cash in equivalence and $102 million in short-term marketable securities to be held to maturity, which is before year end. Slide 11 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt. As you can see on the schedule, total debt at quarter end was $3.2 billion, that includes our $300 million 10-year note, which we issued in June to pre-fund our $250 million maturity in April of next year. Thereafter, our next maturity is not until 2028. In summary, on slide 12, our strong financial discipline continues and the strength of our balance sheet and liquidity mean that we remain well positioned both financially, as well as commercially. And with that I'll turn it back to Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Ellen. Without question, organic revenue performance to-date this year is not consistent with our expectations or our long-term track record. We continue to be in market with relevant and compelling offerings that are helping marketers accelerate growth and deliver business outcomes and that has translated to new business success year-to-date. Now, for many of you who've been with us over a period of years, you know, that we were among the first to embed digital capabilities across media, healthcare, and many of our marketing services, as well as to recognize the importance of integrated services in an increasingly complex consumer ecosystem. Similarly, we were early to understand the growing importance of data resources and first-party data capabilities at scale as key tools to power the success of our clients. Given the very rapid rate of change we're all experiencing, we continue to further evolve our offerings, investing in ways that help brands compete in a dynamic world of new technology platforms and empowered consumers. This work has meant that increasingly large portions of our portfolio are better oriented in particular areas of growth. Consistent with that objective, during the quarter we launched our Unified Retail Media Solution, which is a dedicated business unit within media brands. It helps clients manage their investments across all retail media networks, one of the fastest growing advertising channels. That solution is already helping brands maximize their media investments across all of the retail channels in real time in order to drive next best business outcomes. Earlier this week we also launched Real ID in the cloud, the tool powered by Acxiom and piloted at FCB. It modernizes identity resolution and addresses an industry need for identity tools in a post-cookie world. Built on ethically sourced data that prioritizes consumer privacy, Real ID creates the opportunity for us to do the kind of intelligent, data-driven work that we've been doing in media for some time across all marketing channels and disciplines. Our AI Steering Committee includes leaders from across our network, and it continues its work overseeing strategic partnerships and sharing use cases across the group. As you know, we've been using machine learning and other AI tools in our data and media business for a number of years. With 100s of new AI pilots underway across the company, we're tracking a subset of promising programs with a particular focus on three new areas. First, using AI to generate content, including text, images, audio, and video, in our ideation and creative processes. Second, AI is a tool to uncover in a strategy and insights, as well as business trends that can help our clients and their brands. And finally, piloting the use of intelligent chat bots to automate tasks like program recommendations and other key steps on consumers' e-commerce journeys. Given the impact AI will continue to have on all businesses, including ours, we're fully engaged with leading AI innovators, which is Adobe, Amazon, Google, Microsoft, NVIDIA, and Salesforce. For example, during the quarter, NVIDIA worked with us, specifically within our PR agencies, to incorporate AI enabled processes into earned media and corporate communications workflows. Now just to step back and talk a bit again about our reporting segments in some detail as discussed earlier. Within the MD&E segment, we had very strong growth at our media offerings, but that continued to be largely offset by challenges within the digital specialty agencies. I think notably during the quarter we brought three distinct media brand companies, KINESSO, Matterkind, and Reprise, under the KINESSO banner and brand to create a unified sector-driven performance unit that enhances the effectiveness, efficiency, and simplicity of media activation that is end-to-end across that values chain. And as mentioned earlier, General Mills is another great piece of news at Mediabrands. During the quarter, Acxiom announced that its info-based consumer insights and audiences are now available in cloud data exchanges and received a Salesforce Partner Innovation Award for work it's doing with its Heathrow client. The company also recently launched Acxiom Health, which is its latest vertical offering and provides advertisers with quality audiences that span both consumers and healthcare providers with more effective reach and precision. At Huge, the agency had a number of wins with their new suite of consultative products. Their tailored to specific client business problems, which allows them to deliver strategy through execution very rapidly and effectively. The agency expanded its relationship with Darling Ingredients, which was begun earlier this year, with a significant design and build project. And on the product development side, Huge launched what it calls the AI Opportunity Mapper, which helps clients anticipate big shifts that Gen.AI will have in their specific industry and identify opportunities for growth across near, mid, and long-term horizons. Looking at RGA, the agency announced new business wins in the U.S. from Bloomberg and the BBC and in LatAm from Banco Safra, which is Brazil's premier financial institution. RGA also launched the associates program, a unique approach to fractional hiring that offers flexibility and emphasizes adaptability and creativity. And the agency's work for clients like Procter & Gamble and the Ad Council was recently recognized as a finalist for Fast Company's innovation by design awards. Within the IAC segment, as we mentioned, tech and telco weighed on our more traditional consumer advertising agencies. But FCB was a notable exception to that. The network's playing a key role in our integrated Pfizer team and also expanded relationships with existing clients, which is -- sorry about that with new clients which is Diageo, Danone and Upfield in global markets. IPG's health focus on creativity, technology, and data continue to be key to their clients. And during the quarter, the network launched the industry's first clinical trial diversity offering designed to help pharma and healthcare companies ensure more inclusive treatment innovations. Last month, following competitive pitch process, IKEA chose McCann as its first global brand marketing partner. Domestically, T.J. Maxx hired McCann as its creative AOR and Ricketts Durex brand named MRM and McCann as brand leads in Europe and the U.S. In addition, the network launched McCann Content Studios, its new global hub for social and creative services. MullenLowe retained the DHRA account, which is the arm of the U.S. Department of Defense that's focused on military recruitment across all service branches. This renewal is for five years with an expanded remit that includes advertising, CRM, database management, integrated media, social, digital, and PR. Our SC&E solution segment, as we mentioned, saw growth across all disciplines following a strong new business track record year-to-date in Q3, following one new business including Eve Air Mobility, Tapestry, the luxury brand holding company that owns Coach and Kate Spade, as well as Neutrogena, the Kenvue skincare brand. Momentum grew strongly with core clients including Verizon and Nike and brought on a number of new clients, notably John Deere. Most recently, the company secured three AI patents for the machine learning of experiences, which makes them the first agency to do so in their area of expertise. Octagon signed the ACC of the new client at their industry leading media rights division and the agency won new client brands including Hilton Hotels and PowerAids, as well as working with current clients Budweiser, MasterCard and Unilever to manage activations at major global sporting events. Jack Morton, Vivi, the agency's diversity-driven inclusive marketing practice, posted wins and new work with the NBA and TIAA. There were also additional new client ads with Paramount Plus and Comcast, and a large-scale reinvigoration of ESPN's support center. But [Indiscernible] saw growth in the health sector and in its government and public policy work. On the new business front, notable wins included Dollar Shave Club and a significant new assignment with the CDC. The network also expanded its predictive analytics and intelligence capability with a rollout of a new proprietary solution that measures the impact of earned media. Despite these highlights from across the portfolio, as you can see from our results, the third quarter didn't unfold along the lines we'd envisioned when we spoke with you in July. At that time, we shared our view of the second-half inflection point for stronger growth driven by several factors. One, was accelerating growth of our media business, which did materialize with notably stronger performance in the third quarter than we've seen earlier in the year. We also look forward to a similar trajectory in our healthcare vertical. And while healthcare did grow in the quarter across the category, it was not at the level we'd anticipated. However, with new business coming online stronger in Q4, we do see health returning to its more typical rate of revenue growth. And as I mentioned earlier during Q3, while we saw the impact of new business coming on stream, it was slower to convert than the rate we'd foreseen. Therefore, when we look to the fourth quarter, as mentioned earlier, and this is historically our largest due to seasonal factors, as you all know. We believe organic revenue performance will come in at approximately 1% growth. And also to reiterate, we remain committed to our margin target for the year of 16.7%, 10 basis points ahead of last year. We're going to stay focused on closing the year as strongly as possible. But as I mentioned earlier, we're also specific to areas of underperformance, assessing structural solutions to improve our growth profile. And an important additional area for value creation is our longstanding and continued commitment to capital returns, which has been underscored by the execution of our share repurchase plan and consistent dividend growth over time. These remain important priorities for us going forward. As always, we thank you for your time and attention. And with that, let's open the floor to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Adrien de Saint Hilaire with Bank of America. You may go ahead.
Adrien de Saint Hilaire: Yes, good morning everyone. Thanks for giving me the opportunity. So hello, Philippe, a couple of questions please. So first of all, can you help us quantify the impact of the tailwinds that you alluded to from new account wins, from perhaps recovery in tech into 2024? And then maybe a second question for Ellen. So clearly an amazing job this year in terms of protecting the margin. Is there a risk that as growth resumes next year and as you onboard new clients, we see cost growth effectively exceed revenue growth in 2024? Thank you very much.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. And I will take the one you gave me and then a little bit of the one that you sent to Ellen, if I may. I don't know that we can quantify the tailwinds for 24, because we're not through to the end of the year. So we're clearly from a net new business perspective, as we sit here this year, positive. And there are still a few fairly sizable opportunities out there for us to go get. But we do think that we'll be heading into 24 with the benefits of the wins from this year. And then unfortunately some of the benefits of the fact that there's been a little bit of a slowdown in terms of onboarding them. But I don't think we can give you a quantified number for that quite yet. And then I think that, you know, as I mentioned in passing when you think about third quarter there was an expectation on our part that on just the kind of work that you pick up. Course of business, not the sizeable opportunities out there, that isn't converting at the rate at which we're used to seeing. So that's something we're just going to have to monitor through the end of the year, so that we can then give you line of sight into how we are going into 24. And then I'll hand over to Ellen, but I'll obviously point out that when there's growth, we do grow margins. So as we return to growth, I'm not sure that the cost question should be a concern.
Ellen Johnson: No, just to add to Philippes comments, I mean, we've been very disciplined about not hiring ahead of revenue, as well as being able to really, as you've seen, you know, this year included, really manage a flexible cost structure. So we do see the ability to continue to increase our margins.
Adrien de Saint Hilaire: Thank you both.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from David Karnovsky with JP Morgan. You may go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Thank you. Philippe you noted that IPG would assess Internal Structural Solutions to improve growth. I wanted to see if you could expand on what that means exactly? And then just regarding the commentary you gave on healthcare before and that not performing as expected in Q3, was that largely related to new business or were there other factors? And just like new account wins aside, how do you kind of assess the health of that vertical?
Philippe Krakowsky: I'll take them in reverse order if I may. So health, as you know, a very, very strong performer for us over a long period of time. So I think it was a period in which it was probably 14% or 15% of our overall revenue and it's now likely twice that. And long-term we see it as a sector that still sets up wealth or growth. So that's a strength in terms of our asset and business mix. What it didn't do this quarter is what I was actually just referring to in Adriens question, which is some of the TBG conversion in the non-high profile opportunities was not at the rate at which we expect from them. And yet, as we look at fourth quarter and what has been brought in, we think it will get back to the levels that we see from a strong performer in the group. And in terms of healthcare, anything else, I guess there were one or two, but you know it's a course of business where you have a drug that you know has a lot of expectancy attached to it where there is going to be a meaningful budget where it fails late in an approval process, but that's something we do factor in. We did happen to see one or two of those in the quarter. Now relative to your first question, I do think it bears going into a bit more detail. So how I would frame it up for you is this. The comment is specific to parts of the portfolio that have been underperforming and have been taxing overall performance this year. And if you think about the long-term history of those digital specialty assets, it's one where they've successfully gone through cycles of transformation every four or five years. So as we head into the year to us that meant there was a reason to be supportive as they look to make the necessary adaptation. But sitting where we are now, if you look at the weighting to technology clients that they have, and then the speed of change in the operating environment, this has made it an especially difficult time both for what they do and for them to essentially reboot or reinvest. And then when it comes to tech specifically, I don't know that any of us have seen it retrench to the degree we've experienced or for this prolonged a period of time. So we clearly have to ramp up the urgency on this front and be open to a broader range of solutions. And of course, those are conversations that involve the leaders of those operations as you would expect and that are ongoing. It's not something that we're in a position where I can say to you right now, here's what we're going to do or not. But if you wanted sort of a broad guideline. If you look at our strongest performers across the portfolio, so the framework for what success should look like, and I think that could be helpful, whether it's healthcare or media brands, you have a coordinated approach to how you go to market, you benefit from scale, you're looking for ways to share complementary skillsets and identify very clearly where the centers of excellence sit across multiple units. And I think it's all in the service of making it simpler for clients to engage with us. So I think that those are the guidelines for us. I think we're going to look to define a way forward in terms of putting something into effect with a number of those assets as we head into 24. So, I hope that frames it up for you David, but I mean I can't give you a definitive answer.
David Karnovsky: That's helpful. Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Hey, thanks for all the color earlier on the different segments, headwinds and tailwinds. I was wondering if you could just spend a minute, you know, every agency holding company, kind of, reports differently as you know, so it's hard to compare, but we try anyway. Your IAC segment, which does not include R/GA and Huge, it's down 4.5% year-to-date. You talked about the healthcare business. That's still growing. You mentioned an account loss in McCann in your prepared remarks. Do you think, like is there sort of underlying share erosion happening here or is this just kind of creative, is just a tougher business? I mean, we know it's a tough business, tougher than it used to be. But just any more sort of high level comments on how you're feeling about the assets within that group, because that's obviously not including the digital specialty agencies. And then I guess just a question around, kind of, AI which was maybe everyone's question back in January or February. How much of an investment priority is that for you guys internally? Because protecting margins and margin expansion is something people obviously want and expect from IPG. But I'm sure you're also keeping your eye on the long game here and not wanting to miss anything as it relates to investing in tech and talent on the particularly on the AI front? Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: On your first question, I think that across the industry over the last year or more, in fact, you've seen folks call out that the more "the traditional consumer advertising portion of all of our businesses is under some stress as you put it. So within IAC, you've got our health care business, which we spoke about. You got FCB, which again, I think we did speak to how they've leaned into incorporating data and precision thinking, sort of, an audience-led approach and married it up to a very, very creative offering. And so for us, the rest of what is in that grouping is a McCann, which is on that same path. And then a group of kind of a portfolio of U.S. independent agencies where we do, again, I think, need to look a bit as sort of part of the answer that I shared with David around what does scale look like? How are we clear about centers of excellence? How do we get complementary skill sets working together? And what's a simpler way for clients to engage there and for us just to be kind of have a flying formation for that grouping? So I think IAC definitely needs -- not unique to us, right? As you called it out, that's a part of the business where I think everybody is thinking about what the right way to integrate that. When you take creativity and is part of an integrated offering, it's definitely much more powerful. And then on the AI question, it is an investment priority. It has been for some time, as I said to you, because whether it's inside of Mediabrands or at Acxiom, there's quite a bit we've been doing there and ways in which AI is going to make it possible for us to get more done for clients or work smarter and take a lot of processes we have. So from an efficiency point of view, it's clearly going to be a boon. But we also think it's going to open up opportunities to -- there's so much demand for content at this point, given how many channels there are and how complex the consumer journey is across this incredibly fragmented tech ecosystem that we still see opportunities to also have it be a revenue generator. So as I said, we've got a task force that has a handful of the top leaders from across the group. And that's probably going to then become something that gets leadership at the center here, and we prioritize investment that way.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks a lot.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. You may go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks,. Hey, good morning, Philippe. How are you?
Philippe Krakowsky: All right.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. So this is a long-running Q&A we've been having. I guess when you get
Philippe Krakowsky: I might know what the question is?
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Exactly. When you look at Media, Data & Engagement and backing away R/GA and Huge, just taking it out, we're used to you guys growing top of the leaderboard. And this year is going to struggle, we know that. But I wonder if we look at some of your competitors, those who bought data assets and those that have not, look at what's happening under your hood, what do you think about the strategic pivot that you made? What is slowing down maybe the growth ex those digital specialist assets? And is this something that you think strategically is on the wrong foot or is just execution? Because we see other companies just growing faster. And I know your comps are hard, but I wonder like what do you think about the decisions you made to get here is just basically a tough year that bounces back next year.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I mean, we've got a terrific media offer to your point, and I think that's been clear, both in what we keep saying about the performance there and the new business performance year-to-date if you sort of consider major pitches from GEICO at the early part of the year all the way through General Mills, which was yesterday. That said, I will -- I think you're clear you have a point of view, and it could very well be that we are missing out an additional source of growth there, right? So I think the question's come up before. It's a very valid question. And we clearly have to be open to exploring every avenue for delivering value to our clients. And that includes our trading model, by which I mean how we buy media on their behalf, right? So clients value product and results. We're very strong in that regard. They also value efficiency, and we have to deliver on both sides of that equation on both fronts. So I think that like you said, it's been a conversation we've had on a call like this one and then just when we've met independent of this. And we're looking very hard at our model within the media component of this for that reason because you're right. I mean, there's no upside in leaving growth on the table.
Michael Nathanson: Got it. And then can I ask one to Ellen? Billable expenses. I know there's no media there, given what we know. The growth was pretty strong this quarter. Can you tell us what was that tied to?
Ellen Johnson: Sure. I think it's consistent with the growth you saw in our SC&E segment.
Michael Nathanson: Okay, so netted out some don't, clearly.
Ellen Johnson: Those billable expenses are predominantly associated with that segment, and that segment grew nicely. So...
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Philippe Krakowsky:
.:
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. You may go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Yes, thank you. Good morning. So Philippe, you talked about the 3.2 percentage points growth drag from tech and telco and digital. And I don't think that was too new from Q2 to Q3 because we've talked about that a lot this year. And same with the macro concerns, I just know we've been talking about those this year. So I guess my question is what has changed most from your perspective over the last three months? It seems like the business did deteriorate in some ways versus your prior expectations. I think we're trying to understand what of that is idiosyncratic related to a lot of the agencies you've talked about? And then what might be just more broad-based that can really flow and extend into a great deal of next year? So just love to have some incremental color on what's changed the most more recently. And then, Ellen, you said you're not hiring ahead of revenue. A lot of the labor market stats indicate things are pretty tight, but I've seen a lot of industry trade reports. That there's also a lot of headcount reduction. So when you look at the labor market today, do you think it's a buyer's market for the skills you need? Or is it a seller's market? Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: All right. Let me unpack that because I think most of the pieces are out there to your point. So the tech, telco and the specific entities within our world that, as I said, are taxing our performance is not new news. Over the normal course of business, there's always revenue to be generated. And I think your budget, your existing book and then that TBG and the operators are accountable for both creating those opportunities and converting those opportunities with existing clients, as well as winning ones with new clients. And I think that the incremental drag in Q3 was really there and to a much lesser extent, that some of the larger new business did not ramp at the pace that we anticipated. I'd sort of say that we don't like to see the delta, because we've obviously been on the other side of that for some time. But I don't see that the delta to our key competitors has changed over the course of this year. And so there is some of what's been on this call, which is things we talked about, what I just mentioned to you and then potentially the question Michael asked around media, a client mix question or perhaps to some degree, asset mix positive to us over time. Now clearly, there's one competitor who, credit to them, is benefiting from asset mix. But I don't know that there's anything even outside of those that gets me to a dramatically different perspective.
Ellen Johnson: And then looking at our workforce, if you're looking for broad-based trends based upon your question, if I go back post the pandemic, labor was tight, attrition was high. Those trends have attenuated. But we're not one business, as you know. We are many businesses, and we recruit many different types of talent. So where the skill sets are more scarce, there is that supply and demand mix. But we have a truly great labor force and our talent. And so we are very competitive in that regard. But the broad-based trends that were called out post the pandemic, those have attenuated a bit.
Steven Cahall: Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Tim Nollen with Macquarie. You may go ahead.
Tim Nollen: H, Philippe, Ellen. Thanks very much. Just I wonder if you could give a little bit more explanation around the new business trends. You've said it two or three times on this call that you've seen some, I guess, delays in the conversion and onboarding of some of the wins that you've been talking about for a little while is supposed to come through in the second-half. I mean, maybe this happens sometimes. I just don't really recall that occurrence before. I just wonder if you can explain, is it part of these new clients seeing the slowdowns and worrying about spending in the fourth quarter and just sort of deciding to go slower? Or is it a change in the scope of work that's coming on and just haven't really heard that commentary before. And relatedly, the General Mills win sounds pretty big. I didn't check the numbers. I wonder if you could just help us maybe scope out kind of, of the long list of wins that you've had in the last several months, like which are the biggest ones?
Philippe Krakowsky: I think on the large headline wins, that's the onboarding of those at a modestly lower -- a slower pace is not the key driver. It's what Steven was just asking about around, I think that it's the TBG conversion that I would really point to in Q3. And then in terms of scale, I think we've got quite a few. I mean, so from GEICO at the -- I think General Mills is at the scale of a GEICO. Bristol-Myers Squibb is maybe modestly smaller than that. Constellation Brands is sizable. They do cluster into the media sector. And then Pfizer is very large and is probably different in that clearly, it was integrated across creative, the health and medical communications and expertise in public relations. And some are global one like that or General Mills, whereas a GEICO or a -- I mean, a Constellation Brands, domestic. But I do think that, as I said, it's not the scale. We have one of the larger wins that is onboarding a bit more slowly than anticipated. But broadly speaking, it's TBG conversion.
Tim Nollen: Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: I mean, Ellen can -- at some point, we can break down for you kind of given as she said, it's a lot of businesses inside a business, and a lot of them are project businesses. So where we drive new business is still significantly in the day-to-day converting of work at a much more local level.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jason Bazinet with Citi. You may go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: Just had a quick question on the tech, telco weakness that you called out. When do we begin to lap that? Would you say that's a second quarter event? I think that's a first quarter number. Or is it more Q1 of next year?
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, I mean, I think tech specifically, we would have been largely through it. But as I did call out, we had a significant loss at McCann in the telco space, which is then going to extend that into next year. And then I don't think health falls into the same category. I think health is really just -- we expected more from that sector this quarter than we've seen, but that's not a long-term hedge into next year drag.
Jason Bazinet: Okay, thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Julien Roch with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes, good morning, Philippe. Good morning, Ellen. Thank you for the question. Two, if I may. I was hoping you could give us the number of employees at Huge and R/GA today. And the second question is margin versus growth next year. So previously, it's doing 5% top line growth and only come 4% for the full-year if they make that number in Q4 on flat margin. Is that cost including employees are up 4% to 5%, while you're flat. So as talent and these days investment intake is key to growth in agency land? Could that be an issue for next year?
Philippe Krakowsky: I don't know that we would break out the by unit employee numbers. I think the second question is a good question. And to Ellen's point earlier, I mean, we are running a portfolio of businesses. And as you could see, a number of them, quite a few of them, whether it's media, health, a lot of the experiential PR businesses are performing well for us. And others are going through some challenges. So I don't know that you approach the comp component of it similarly across the board, and we have it for quite a few years. So we've been finding talent in the growth businesses, which means that we're able to compensate them appropriately. And when you look at the model as it is now, you see a number for us which is an all-in number, and it averages out. But what you're seeing in there are a range of outcomes or a range of realities and making sure that we are rewarding and investing the folks who are driving the performance and who are the strong performers shouldn't be an issue. And there's very -- there's clarity across our group and all of our operators in terms of how their incentives are very, very directly aligned to our results and what we're accountable to you all for. People understand where and how they're earning the compensation. So I don't see that as a meaningful concern.
Julien Roch: Okay, thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that was our last question. I'll now turn it back to Philippe for any final thoughts.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Sue. Again, thank you all for the time. And we look forward to sharing better news with you in February.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group Second Quarter 2023 Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. This morning, we are joined by our CEO, Philippe Krakowsky; and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. We will begin our call with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before the market opens at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties and the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation. These are further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Philippe Krakowsky.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you Jerry, good morning. As usual I will begin our call with a high level view of the quarter, Ellen will then provide additional details, and I will conclude with updates on our agencies to be followed by Q&A. Starting at the top with revenue, the organic change of our revenue before billable expenses was a decrease of 1.7% against last years second quarter organic growth of 7.9%. For the first six months of the year our organic decrease was 90 basis points.  During the second quarter we saw the same puts and takes on revenue that we have identified and discussed with you since the beginning of the year. Those factors continue to weigh significantly on our performance in the second quarter. Concurrently we continue to grow in areas of the business that have been key drivers of success for us over a number of years, namely our media offerings in the healthcare sector. We saw solid growth as well in disciplines such as public relations and our experiential offerings.  Consistent with the items we've called out previously, during the quarter, we continued to see reduced spend from clients in the tech and telecom sector as it moves through a challenging period that has included significant cost cutting. Those reductions significantly impacted on our ability to grow in the second quarter and for the first half. Our digital specialist agencies also continued to underperform in the quarter. As we've discussed previously, the transformation of those offerings continues to move forward and we've seen some good wins there recently. Restoring those brands to consistent growth is proving slower than anticipated, however, due largely to continued challenges in the tech sector as well as modestly heightened macro uncertainty.  Taken together, the second quarter impact on our growth due to the second telecom sector and our digital specialists was approximately 3.5%. Along with the strength of our media offerings and the healthcare sector, it's worth highlighting that six of our eight client sectors grew during the quarter and in the six months year-to-date. We also continue to win some of the largest new account opportunities in market so far this year. Our very strong new business momentum encompasses a diverse set of client industries including pharma, financial services, autos and food and beverage. These wins span the full range of marketing disciplines, especially in media as well as global integrated solutions that bring together creative, public relations, experiential and data. As such, they underscore the world we play as a critical partner to the world's most sophisticated and demanding marketers.  To cite an important example, we're proud to have recently significantly expanded our relationship with Pfizer, having been named their lead Global Creative Public Relations and Medical Affairs Partner. Most of the new revenue from our wins has yet to ramp given that the transition periods between announcement and onboarding are the norm in our industry. As these wins come on stream in greater magnitude in the second-half of the year, we expect their impact to be evident in our results.  Looking at client sectors in the second quarter, we were led by strong growth in automotive and financial services followed by growth in food and beverage, healthcare, consumer goods, and our other sector of diversified industrials and public sector clients. Our retail sector decreased modestly against very strong multiyear comparable performance and as discussed tech and telecom was the significant outlier.  Regionally, the U.S. decreased 2.5 organically in the quarter predominantly due to the sector and agency specific challenges that we've called out. Our international markets decreased slightly by 10 basis points organically with mixed performance by region. In terms of our segments, our Media Data and Engagement segment -- solutions segment decreased 1.5% organically in the quarter, where we saw good growth at the media offerings offset by challenged performance in the digital agencies.  Our segment of integrated advertising and Creatively Led Solutions decreased 3.8% organically. This is a place where tech and telecom in a somewhat more cautious spending climate is weighing on several of our more traditional consumer advertising agencies and that's impacting segment performance. Within the specialized communications and experiential solutions segment, we grew 3.7% organically on top of 11.1% growth a year ago. The quarter was highlighted by increases at both our public relations and experiential disciplines.  Turning to expenses and margin in the quarter, our operating discipline continues to be a strength as our management teams demonstrate that we have the talent and tools as well as the flexible business model, the deliverable favorable margin results. Second quarter adjusted EBITA margin was 14.2%, which is ahead of our pre pandemic second quarter 2019 margin. As expected, our Q2 margin was lower than a year ago when additions to headcount had lagged our robust pace of multiyear growth. We are effectively managing our flexible operating model, which is clear in our expense for temporary labor, performance based incentive compensation, and SG&A each was notably lower than a year ago.  Total headcount decreased by 1.2% over the course of the first half of the year. Expense for severance was elevated in the quarter as we continue to both address areas of the business where performance is lagging as well as further accelerate business transformation and integrate delivery of services in our very strong media offering. We'll see the benefit to margin of those actions going forward. Occupancy expense decreased from a year ago as we continued to benefit from actions taken on our real estate portfolio. Diluted earnings per share in the quarter was $0.68 as reported and $0.74 as adjusted for intangible amortization and other items. We want to make sure to call out that our EPS, both as reported and adjusted includes the benefits of $0.17 per share related to the resolution of routine Federal income tax audits previous years. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.3 million shares, returning $50 million to shareholders. That activity brings our repurchases for the six months to 3.5 million shares using $128 million.  Turning to our outlook for the full year and having just completed our usual midyear update with our operators, we're positioned to resume solid organic revenue growth in the range of 3.5% to 4% over the course of the years second-half. As we move ahead, we expect that the benefit of net new business will be increasingly meaningful and the underlying growth from several of our larger businesses will also strengthen. Nonetheless, given our first six months which in Q2 reflect what we believe is modestly heightened macro uncertainty, we are revisiting our full year organic growth expectations to 1% to 2%. At the same time, with strong operating discipline, we remain committed to our margin target for the year of 16.7%, which represents an increase relative to our 2022 full year margin.  The strategic relevance of our offerings is evident in new business performance year-to-date, which as I've mentioned has been exceptional. And while we're disappointed in Q2 organic revenue performance, we will continue addressing certain areas of the business with urgency during the back half of the year. We'll also continue to invest in the multiple growth drivers in the portfolio. Now I'm going to hand things over to Ellen for a more detailed review of results.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you, Philippe. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. Beginning with the highlights on Slide 2 of the presentation, our second quarter revenue before billable expenses or net revenue decreased 2% from a year ago with an organic decrease of 1.7%. Our organic net revenue decrease was 2.5% in the U.S. and was 10 basis points in our international markets. Over the first six months of the year, our organic revenue decrease was 90 basis points.  Second quarter adjusted EBITA before a small restructuring adjustment was 330.2 million and margin was 14.2%. Our diluted earnings per share was $0.68 as reported and $0.74 as adjusted. The adjustments exclude the after tax impacts of the amortization of acquired intangibles, the small adjustment to our previous restructuring actions, and non-operating losses on the sales of certain small non-strategic businesses. It's important to note that our EPS includes the benefit of $0.17 per share related to the settlement of normal course Federal income tax audits. We repurchased 1.3 million shares during the quarter and 3.5 million shares in the first half of the year.  Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Here I would just point out that our interest expense and interest income were both elevated compared to a year ago, due to higher prevailing market interest rates and the prefunding of our upcoming April 2024 maturity with the issuance in June of our 300 million 10-year note.  Turning to the second quarter revenue in more detail on Slide 4. Our net revenue in the quarter was 2.33 billion. Compared to Q2 2022, the impact of the change in exchange rates was negative 1% with the dollar stronger against currency in nearly all international markets with a notable exception being the Euro. Net acquisitions added 70 basis points. Our organic decrease of revenue before billable expenses was 1.7%. For the six months, our organic decrease was 90 basis points.  The bottom of the slide is a look at statistics. Our Media, Data, and Engagement Solutions segment decreased 1.5% organically. Good growth at our media businesses was more than offset by the performance of our digital specialist agencies, as Philippe has noted. Our integrated advertising and Creatively Led Solution segment decreased organically by 3.8%. Lower revenue from clients in the tech and telecom sector and a somewhat slower macroeconomic environment was felt broadly across the more traditional agencies. IPG Health was relatively flat in the quarter due to the timing of various campaigns ahead of what we believe will be a strong second-half. At our specialized communication and exponential solution segments, organic growth was 3.7% with growth across our public relations and exponential disciplines.  Moving on to Slide 5 and organic net revenue growth by region. In the U.S. which was 66% of our net revenues before billable expenses in the quarter, our organic decrease was 2.5% against 8.3% growth a year ago. Decreases in tech and telecom and at our digital specialists outweighed growth at our media, public relations and exponential offerings. International markets were 34% of net revenue in the quarter and decreased by 10 basis points organically against 7.1% growth last year. The UK grew 1.7% organically on top of 4.4% growth a year ago. We were led by broad based growth across our media, public relations, creative, and exponential offerings.  Concurrently Europe decreased 4.3% organically in the quarter compared with an 8.3% increase a year ago. Lower revenue was mainly a result of decreases in Germany due to a lower client spend and a client loss in the market. In AsiaPac we decreased 2.2% organically compared with growth of 4.8% a year ago. Increases in India and China were more than offset by decreases in Japan and other national markets. Our organic growth in LatAm was 6.3% on top of 8.8% in Q2 2022 with increases across nearly all of our national markets. In our other markets group, which is Canada, the Middle East, and Africa, we grew 1.6% on top of 11% a year ago with notably strong growth continuing in the Middle East.  Moving on to Slide 6 and operating expenses in the quarter. Our net operating expenses, which exclude billable expenses, the amortization of acquired intangibles and the restructuring adjustments decreased 30 basis points from a year ago compared with reported net revenue decrease of 2%. The result was our adjusted EBITA margin of 14.2%. As expected our margin decreased from a year ago when our organic growth was very strong at 7.9% and hiring lags and severance was lower as well. It is worth noting however that at 14.2% our second quarter margin is well above the comparable pre pandemic quarter of 2019.  As you can see on this slide, our ratio of total salaries and related expense as a percentage of net revenue was 68.7% compared with 66.9% a year ago. Underneath that results, we delivered on our expense for base payroll, benefits and tax, which was 59.4% of net revenue compared to 56.5% a year ago. Our performance based incentive compensation decreased as a percent of net revenue from 4.5% to 3.4% consistent with our revised outlook for the year. Severance expense was 1.7% in net revenue, which is somewhat elevated from typical levels in comparison to only 50 basis points a year ago. Our actions in the second quarter, reflect steps to recalibrate the more traditional areas of the business, where performance is lagging, as well as to accelerate business transformation in our high performing media vertical. We expect that we will increasingly see the benefits to margin of these severance actions as we move forward through the year.  Temporary labor expense was 3.2% of net revenue, compared with 4.4% in Q2 2022, which is consistent with its role as a variable and flexible expense when revenue growth slows. Each of these ratios is in the appendix on Slide 31. Also on the slide, our office and other direct expense was 14.6% of net revenue, compared with 14.7% in Q2 2022. Underneath that improvement we continue to leverage our expense for occupancy, which was 4.6% of net revenue compared with 4.8% a year ago. All other office and other direct expense was 10% of net revenue, compared with 9.9% in Q2 2022, which primarily reflects higher new business expense. Our SG&A expense was 60 basis points of net revenue.  On Slide 7, we presented detail on adjustments to our reported second quarter results in order to provide better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left hand side with our reported results and from left to right steps through adjusted EBITA and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles in the second column was 21.2 million. The restructuring adjustment was a credit of 1.7 million. The low operating expenses as shown in column four, we had a loss of 4.1 million in other expenses due to the disposition of a few small, non-strategic businesses.  At the foot of this slide, you can see the after tax impact per diluted share of each adjustment, which bridges our diluted EPS as reported at $0.68 to adjusted earnings of $0.74 per diluted share. It is important to note that our tax provision in the quarter includes a benefit of 64.2 million related to the settlement of U.S. Federal income tax audits for the years 2017 through 2018 which is primarily non-cash. That is $0.17 per share. We are technically not permitted to adjust for it, but it is a large discrete item that impacts comparability, which is really why we want you to make sure we called it out for you.  Slide 8 depicts similar adjustments for the six months. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.11 for the period. This also includes the same $0.17 per share benefits in our tax provisions. On Slide 9 we turn to cash flow in the quarter. Cash used in operations was 35.2 million, which was due to working capital use of 281.2 million. Operating cash flow before working capital was 246 million. As a reminder, our operating cash flow is highly seasonal, and could be volatile by quarter which changes in the working capital components. The magnitude of our receivables and payables means that the timing of collections and payments within any single quarter can significantly affect the working capital results. In our investing activities, we used 121 million. We invested a portion of the proceeds of our note issuance in short-term treasury securities, maturing before year-end. CAPEX in the quarter was 46.4 million. Our financing activities reflect debt issuance proceeds of 296.3 million. We paid 119.4 million in dividends and returned 50.2 million in share repurchases. Net cash from financing was 109.8 million. Our net decrease in cash for the quarter is 50.4 million.  Slide 10 is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with 1.63 billion of cash and equivalents. We added 103 million in short-term marketable securities to be held to maturity, which as I mentioned is before year-end. Slide 11 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt. As you can see on this schedule, total debt at quarter end was 3.2 billion, that includes the new 300 million 10-year note, which pre-funds are 250 million maturity in April 2024. Thereafter, our next maturity is not until 2028.  In summary, on Slide 12, our strong financial discipline continues and the strength of our balance sheet and liquidity means that we remain well positioned both financially as well as commercially. I would like to express my gratitude for the efforts of our people and with that, I'll turn it back to Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Ellen. Clearly, organic revenue performance to date this year is not consistent with our expectations for our long-term track record. That said, we continue to successfully be in market with relevant and compelling offerings that help marketers enhance their brands, grow share, and deliver business outcomes. Since the start of the year, IPG has consistently led the way in new business and this positive momentum should provide strong tailwinds as we move into the back half of this year, and even more so in 2024.  As mentioned earlier, Pfizer [ph] rewarded global creative and marketing communications responsibilities to an integrated IPG team, marking the conclusion of the largest and one of the most competitive reviews of the year. Also during the quarter initiative was named U.S. Media AOR for Constellation Brands, UM was appointed Global Media AOR for upfield, the global leader in plant based foods, and Media Brands was awarded the U.S. Media Account for Bristol Myers Squibb. This followed the Q1 headline win of GEICO, which also awarded sports marketing work to Octagon. Along with the first quarter Skoda win in June Intuit QuickBooks selected FCB as its creative AOR. And McCann Worldgroup won the highly competitive Air India review.  During the quarter, IPG also received numerous accolades including being named most effective holding company at the U.S. Effie awards. At the Cannes Lions Festival our agencies had remarkable success during many of the festivals top honors, including one of only four Titanium Lions, and five category Grand Prix. McCann Worldgroup had a particularly strong showing as their work for longtime client MasterCard won nine Lions, including the festivals top honor, the Titanium where it's Where to Settle campaign, a digital tool that aggregates employment and real estate data, as well as spending insights to help Ukrainian refugees make new lives in Poland.  From Microsoft McCann created the ADLaM project and digitized a popular West African language spoken by over 60 million people, which previously had no written alphabet. [Indiscernible] seven Lions including two Grand Prix. Other significant honors include IPG Health's performance as healthcare network of the year, an area 23 earning the prestigious title of Cannes Healthcare Agency of the Year, both of which reflects our continued excellence in the healthcare space. The festival also named FCB, its North American network of the year for the fifth consecutive year, which demonstrates the consistent outstanding work done by that agency for leading brands in this important region.  Looking ahead clear that artificial intelligence which already plays a role in our data and for media performance businesses, will begin to have an impact on our industry as a catalyst for creativity. Technology provides new canvases for brands to work with and we're seeing the advent of AI tools that strategists and creative people can use to quickly generate and scale ideas. Given that every competitor will have access to these same kinds of tool stands to reason that great creative ideas will remain essential for brands to stand out and win in the marketplace.  During the quarter, we announced a partnership with a leading quantum computing developer to build new software tools that solve complex data intensive problems. The partnership combines quantum cloud services, with proprietary data drawn from IPG agencies, clients, and media partners. Together, we're helping clients identify high value audiences and deliver more tailored messages at the right time in the right setting. This is one of many such partnerships, as we engage with leading AI innovators, including Amazon, Microsoft, Google, Salesforce, Adobe, and Nvidia we have established a matrix deployment strategy that benefits all of our clients.  On the important subject of retail, during the quarter we continue to strengthen IPGs commerce offering with a launch of our creative Commerce Labs, which are finding new revenue streams for marketers to reach cross channel collaboration in partnering with key commerce providers. You will have also seen earlier this week that we launched a unified retail media solution within media brands. This is a dedicated business unit. It helps brands manage and optimize performance across retail media networks, which as we know is one of the fastest growing advertising channels. This platform identifies which retail networks are performing best for our clients and can allocate spend to maximize sales and profitability. Brands can augment existing audience data via proprietary axiom datasets and our solution automatically aggregates this cross network data using AI, power planning, and activation. This offering will allow our clients to solve an important pain point in the growing retail media space, which is the lack of standard measurement just to make informed investment decisions.  Turning to segment performance, we saw strong growth in our media offerings within the MD&A Group. As I mentioned earlier, those assets continued to win major client assignments, Initiative was just ranked number one by [indiscernible] for new business over the past three-year period, and the UM was named campaigns media agency global network of the year.  Moving to our digital specialists at RGA we saw progress in new business, including a significant AOR win with Intuit TurboTax in the U.S, announced just last week. Our GA was also selected as Mexico's largest sporting goods retailer Innova Sport for its digital commerce work. Huge launched and deployed a proprietary AI powered engine to inform creative platforms online to drive business growth, and during the quarter Huges new product size and consulting offering helped to secure business transformation assignments from driven brands, just the largest automotive services company in North America.  During the quarter Acxiom announced its win of one of the largest auto groups in the U.S. to implement a customer data platform across their networks and dealerships. The company also continued to renew with many of their premier clients in the financial services, insurance, and telecom sectors. These renewals and new wins highlight the value of Acxioms customer intelligence cloud offerings, which include the management of brands first party data to improve customer acquisition, retention, and growth.  At our integrated aid advertising and creative lead solutions segment FCB was named the number one global network and FCB the number one agency in the world by the One Club. The FCB New York also won a sports Emmy for Outstanding Digital Innovation for the AI driven creative work McEnroe versus McEnroe for Michelob Ultra. Campaign named McCann Worldgroup, the best network in the Europe for the fourth time and MRM was named large agency of the year, Effie ANAs 2023 B2B Awards. The Global 2022 Effie Effectiveness Index ranked McCann as the most effective agency network in Europe, and the number two most effective network globally. And MullenLowe was named U.S. agency of the year at The One Show.  Turning to the Specialized Communications and Experiential Solutions Group, we saw strong balanced growth in the segment with Golin performing particularly well. Weber Shandwick showed continued solid growth in Q2, proven by the healthcare sector, and with the most awarded PR agency network income. Our experiential assets also posted solid performance. Highlights at Octagon included the agencies work with Cisco to negotiate the company sponsorship for the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup, as well as activation of global sponsorships for Budweiser and Unilever in New Zealand at the World Cup. Strong growth at momentum was driven by clients in the retail, finance, and food and beverage sectors, as well as the continued integration of technology into live activations.  Looking ahead, as mentioned earlier, we are revising our full year organic growth expectation to 1% to 2% while remaining committed to our margin target for the year of 16.7%, which is ahead of last year's results. We view our very strong new business tailwinds coupled with growth in our existing client base, notably in media and healthcare as key drivers of our outlook for the balance of the year with also benefits in 2024. Another factor will be our long standing open architecture model, based on collaboration by design in a foundational data and technology infrastructure, through which we integrate our services from agencies across segments in the solutions we deliver for clients. This approach continues to be core to our offerings.  Another ongoing commitment that's been a hallmark of our culture is our work in ESG and D&I [ph] to remain vital in a talent business. Our flexible cost model is an important lever not only for improving margins in times of growth, but also to consolidate those gains as we've demonstrated this quarter. In additional areas for value creation, as Ellen called out include our strong balance sheet and liquidity. IPGs ongoing commitment to capital returns has been underscored by consistent dividend growth and the execution on our share repurchase program. As always, we thank our partners and our people, as well as those of you on this call for your support and with that, let's open the floor to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Philippe, could you talk a little bit more about the X sector office that is impacting IPGs organic growth, we obviously heard for a while from you about some of the specialty agencies at IPG, but it feels like it's broader than that and so I am just curious if you could maybe talk a little bit about where that pullback is occurring, if it's in media, project work, I know it's all kind of client specific, but just help us try to think about how much of this is sort of idiosyncratic to certain clients or part of a broader theme because it would certainly seem logical that tech technology companies are going to be growing their investment over time but it'd be helpful to try to think through how much of this is sort of idio versus structural? And then I was just curious, what are your focus areas with AI at IPG, in a year or two what would you like to see the company doing or not doing, what our clients are asking you about as you think about this technology opportunity and obviously, the risk around it as well? Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. On the first question, Ben, I mean, I can speak to it without obviously going to the level of a specific client, given how we want to be thoughtful. But what we have seen is that the sector is under a lot of stress. If you think about it, it was probably 15% of net revenue for us a year ago in this quarter, it's down to about 12, right. And I don't think that we're going to be able to call the turn, although in the long run I think it is still an industry that's going to return to being a strong growth driver for us. What we've seen is that given the stress that that sector is feeling and obviously see it, we're talking about a relatively small group of large companies, right.  We're not talking about long tail or VC backed or smaller companies, we're talking about a relatively small group of large companies. And as the decisions that they are having to make around cutting costs and obviously, resizing their employee base, etc. we have definitely seen it in cuts, I would say in project based businesses, definitely. And, our two digital agencies that as we've pointed out, are in turnaround mode, over indexed to those are important clients for them. And then I think we've seen the kind of curtailing activities in some of the more traditional areas of the business. So you would sort of think maybe the consumer ad agencies for us, which I think also does dovetail with a broader trend that we've seen, which is that whether it's the turnaround there or the slightly more uncertain macro, is something that we are feeling more in certain areas of the business than others. So the really strong performers in the engines of our growth are not being impacted. And yet other parts of the portfolio are. So hopefully that helps on the tech, part of the question.  In terms of AI, it's a very, very broad question, right. And so, we're operationalizing AI across the group in a number of ways and actually have been for some time, right. So predictive AI, in precision and data, heavy parts of the business. So whether that's media brands, performance media, Acxiom, that's something that's been part of the model for some time. I think that in commerce we're starting to use it so you're seeing personalization at scale of content informed by it, you're seeing user support and product recommendations, so chat bots and creating instances in which you're using reviews and a lot of the information that a client has, that is their own information as the training set with which to inform an AI which can then be put to use with a production platform or that can feed into some creative campaign.  It's funny, we won a Lion at Cannes for a really interesting piece of work that we did with a with a very large baked goods company in Latin America, to actually generate a lot of a lot of branding work for very long tail of vendors that were important to them. I think what you're going to see with us is we're definitely leaning now into what are the applications and how are we going to be addressing this, on the content creation side of things, and in the strategic side of when and how we do content creation. And what you'll see is the kinds of programs that I'm talking about, that we've been working on for some time, and now partnerships with some scale experts in the AI space. I think I noted a number of them where we're thinking about how do we incorporate that into everything about kind of how we are going to market with clients. So in essence, our production capabilities, so the infrastructure piece of what we do, what we do that's more advanced, which again I also spoke to in the prepared remarks when it comes to the work that's predictive and machine learning informed around data, media, performance media. So I think we're going to be incorporating it in, sort of baking it into more and more of the tool sets that our folks have.  And I think the last thing I would point out to you is that, I mentioned earlier that if everybody has the same tools, then the human plus AI combination and the creativity you can unlock there will still be important to our clients. The other place that I think we are focused is that it will, if you have a very strong data asset as we do I think that working with clients and their first party data, are Acxiom data to create unique and proprietary training sets so that they can have AI's that are proprietary to them and solve specific models around marketing and business problems and growth. That's another area that we see as quite promising. 
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you. 
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Karnovsky with J.P. Morgan. You may go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Alright, thanks. Philippe, I just wanted to follow up on your prior response. I think you noted macro uncertainty, more broadly the impact to your traditional agencies. Can you walk through a bit what you're hearing from clients, what's maybe changed exactly, I think prior, it seemed like marketers were stressing flexibility, but we're staying invested, so just wondering, has there been some mentality shifts?
Philippe Krakowsky: I mean, if I kind of try to strip it down for you and kind of literally almost go from the top, I'd say, as we said the puts and takes have not changed from what we've shared with you since the beginning of the year. So in that sense, I don't think there is new news. The differences are clearly pressure on tech and telco is not abating. And as we said, you've got this modestly more uncertain macro. So that is leading to delays in clients, Ben. And that's, as I said, impacting some of our businesses more than others. I think that the other thing about the uncertainty around the macro is in our long tail of smaller clients, we're seeing some small cost cuts. So there's a degree to which thats adding up to something that, again, is having is having an impact. And so those are really the factors that led us to looking at where we are at this point in the year and revising the revenue guidance. But I think I would point out that our outlook for the year at this point is not contingent on a recovery in the rate of revenue change on those two factors. So we're not saying it's delayed some things which, for us, were important. And as we pointed out, cumulatively cost us about 3.5 percentage points of organic growth.  Going the other way, you're seeing the client losses that we called out. So we came into the year with a net negative new business position. So that was a headwind and that has actually shown up in both the first and the second quarter for us. By April, that was something that we share with you that we have neutralized. Now we've turned it into a strong tailwind. So it's the client conversations, it's incremental, it's marginal, it isn't like something dramatically different has happened, but where it's impacting us, happen to be areas where we've got two agencies in turnaround mode to the extent that this is causing delays. We therefore are looking at two things that are there for still not helping us. And then tech and telco again, big category for us in the long-term. We still think it'll be a good category to be meaningfully represented in but they are as I called, as I said, they are meaningful outlier when it comes to the sectors for us client wise.
David Karnovsky: Okay, and then two of your peers this week noted kind of a pause in business transformation work. Wondering if that's something you're seeing, is that tech specific and then how do you do digital transformation over the long term, is this an area that can be done an outsize tailwind for the agencies or should we put it in the context that maybe the prior couple of years might have disproportionately benefited from the pandemic acceleration?
Philippe Krakowsky: Maybe one of our peers has a meaningfully larger presence there and so I think that their line of sight to it is something that everybody will probably learn something from. You have heard from us clearly that when we work with clients and we show up with data tech and media offering we end up in some really interesting conversations that are about solving higher order business problems. And that that part of our space or that part of the opportunity set that we're getting are looking at our new business performance, that part looks like it's still quite active. Commerce is a place where we're still in build mode to a greater degree. So we probably see less of that. I think there's a more to go, RafterOne, we've got Commerce lead as we've talked, we're thinking about how we take a commerce approach actually, those Commerce Labs are around really enhancing all the creative work we do to make it more addressable and more shoppable. So I'd say marginally, but, I think that what we heard earlier this week probably has a little more breadth to it in terms of what they're seeing. 
David Karnovsky: Thank you. 
Philippe Krakowsky: No worries. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Tim Nollen with Macquarie, you may go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Great, thanks for taking my question. Philippe, I wonder if you could help explain something you said and also on the common promises [ph] this week, which is that media is very strong, even while creative is weak. I assume your work with data and everything Acxiom does would help with your successes there. But I just wonder why clients are putting a lot of money in the media, but not so much creative?
Philippe Krakowsky: I'm not sure that that's necessarily something that is all that new. I mean, I think that if you think about sort of the trajectory, industry trajectory, at least, I can speak for hours. So lean in there and what we've built there, and the nature of what we're able to do with clients, as a result, has been accretive to us growth wise and in terms of margin for a number of years. And it's been a big engine for us, over a number of years of very strong growth performance. So I think that that's just a continuation of a trend, I think it goes to what you can do when with data audience led approach is something that's very precise and very accountable. You are impacting business outcomes, you are solving for a set of problems that are maybe broader than what we used to be able to be brought in to do. I think that, that probably again feels as if given the uncertainty, but given also just the scale of it, it's something that you continue to do as a marketer. And regardless of whatever volatility there may be at the macro level.
Tim Nollen: Okay, thanks. Could I supplement sales [ph], as well, which is that it's great to see the operating income come in pretty strong despite a softer top line. The salaries line, however, was up almost a couple 100 basis points. I wonder if you could give us a bit more color on why that rose so much and if that's going to level off from here? Thanks.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. Thanks for the question. Overall, I mean, I would point to as you mentioned, the very strong margin performance and our flexible cost structure, working as it should. You saw temporary labor flex down significantly, as well as performance based incentive comp. You also saw a severance elevated, not only in the quarter in the first half, and we expect to see, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks those benefits in the second half. Overall, as we reiterated our margin expectations for the year, you should see leverage across the different categories.
Tim Nollen: Great. Okay. Thanks. 
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. You may go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. Maybe first just pick back up on tech and telecom softness. Could you maybe help us differentiate a little bit between tech and telecom, I think of those sectors with pretty different kind of long-term growth rates. If I'm picking up what you're saying correctly, this sounds like it's a bit more tech and telecom but maybe that's incorrect. So just maybe love some clarity on the differentiation between those two and is it also correct to think about this as really a U.S. industry vertical phenomenon since I think you tend to talk about your industry verticals on a global basis, just trying to understand that? And then maybe to pick back up a little bit on Tim's question about media, so I think your media discipline growth did get worse sequentially, you were down about 1% in Q1, down about 1.5% in Q2. Often we think about this as kind of a canary in the coal mine for where ad spending is going. So could you talk a little bit of just about the trends you're seeing in media and do you think that portends any greater slowdown in broader client activity? Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. On the former again, understanding that clients business and confidentiality around client business is what it is. Yeah, I think your read on is that more a tech than a telco set of comments? Yes, it is. And it is the case that we talk about sectors globally. But when you think about our revenue mix all in being two thirds U.S. it would have -- there would have to be a pretty significant outlier for it not to also apply domestically. So we're definitely seeing it. I mean, you see the disproportionate drag on performance that U.S. growth or lack thereof had on us. So yes, more tech, and yes, very much something we're feeling domestically.  On the second question, I don't think that I would read that as you have. The segment was created, because we have like entities there -- the digital component of what they do, but the impact of those digital specialists is was leading to what you're seeing as deceleration. And, as we've called out, media is very strong for us, has been and given performance year-to-date in terms of securing new assignments will continue to be. So I don't think I would extrapolate that last piece. 
Steven Cahall: Great. Thank you. 
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. You may go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. Two for Philippe, one for Ellen. To beat the dead horse a little bit more let's focus on tech weakness again. If you were to go under the hood, I'm sure you've done, when do you think kind of the normalization of spend from those large tech domestic companies will start to normalize, so, put yourself in our shoes under the hood, when did it ease? Second question would be now that we see another one of your peers showing the size of their principal media buying business, I guess last quarter, do you think that is a structural disadvantage that you guys are not in that business, any update on the latest thinking on that following my question last quarter? And then Ellen, just surprised that you guys raised debt this soon at the rates, the balance sheet is pristine, how did you debate whether just paying off the debt when it came due next year, versus raising debt when the rate is not high, but you could have waited a bit, so walk me through that thinking? Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: Alright. I will let Ellen start. 
Ellen Johnson: Sure. So we have as we do from time to time, hedge interest rates. So the coupon that you're seeing on that debt is the face value or what we issued at but we had previously hedged, largely the treasury component of that. So the rates that we're actually paying are better. And when we looked at it from that perspective, and looked at the opportunity to take it off the table, and then where interest rates are had the opportunity to invest, as we talked about in the securities we had, it was a good economic decision.
Philippe Krakowsky: Two answers, Michael. So as I said, I don't know that we can call the turn on you on tech. And as I also said, our outlook at this point is not contingent on recovery in kind of the rate of revenue change that we're seeing in that space, and that was also having an impact, as we said on our two digital agencies that are in turnaround mode. So, not necessarily something that you can sit here. Where we are we talked to those clients often, we engage with those clients. It's not that they're not active as marketers, and yet they clearly are meaningfully more cautious as marketers, they're often letting folks go who are budget owners, whose projects then might sit somewhere or not get actioned at all. And given the cost cutting that they're taking, nobody is exempt in that part of the economy. But again, think about all the other things we talked about, they're going to enable everything that happens with AI. They continue to undergird pretty significant part of the ad ecosystem and in another year or two, we're going to be up to 80% of media being bought programmatically. So, there's no sense that it won't turn, it is just they're clearly going through something that is more protracted than any of us thought.  On your media question, I thought about it some because you'd asked the last time and I thought Michael will either connect at some point or it'll come up here. So, media has been a very strong performer for us and continues to be a strong performer for us. So our model works well. And the question you're asking is, is there something missing, a dimension missing, can it work better? So we are looking at that. And, even Ellen called out severance, we're looking at how we can reengineer processes there and align or further integrate offerings. But if the objective is to deliver value to clients, and we've demonstrated we can do that, and the way that we've done that is by powering it with data, making it about precision, and therefore to my mind, value as greater marketing effectiveness.  So for clients whose focus is on other KPIs, which might be efficiency, might be we'll call it efficiency. We're looking at ways to evolve our offering to meet those needs. Because what's most important to us is we got to meet the needs of as many clients as possible. And if what value means is something that is changing or evolving or a pendulum is swinging on that, we clearly want to be positioned to do that. So the analytical focus that happens in your space on this issue, we understand. For us, it's going to be are we solving for client needs, can we show up in ways that regardless of their definition of value we are a great partner for them. If I were doing the math the way that you guys do, the thing that I still think will matter the most is profit growth in the businesses that we are, our competitors are operating in this space and then cash flow. And I hope that that is at least directionally helpful thinking but we're definitely looking at it and being pretty thoughtful.
Michael Nathanson: Thank you for that.
Philippe Krakowsky: No, no worries.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Julien Roch with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes. Good morning Philippe. Good morning Ellen. And good morning Jerry. One short term question, one long term question. On the short-term after being done 1% in the first half in terms of organic, you need to be at 3% in the second half to reach the bottom line of your guidance and 1% and 5% to reach the topline of 5%. So can you break this 4 to 6 percentage point improvement between lapping the -- R/GA issues and account wins and three anything else I forgot, that's a short question? And then on AI, longer term question. To put it in terms of simple numbers, if you have a creative budget of 100 you make 50 margin, 85 Of course, thanks to AI till that cost goes to 60 you keep your 50 margin so revenue is 75. I believe advertisers will reinvest. But given that they will invest in creative in which case its kind of neutral or in media which actually would be negative because the media tech was media spend is kind of only 5% to 10%?
Philippe Krakowsky: I'll take them in order, because the latter is probably a doctoral dissertation. So, as I said, we are no longer expecting the turnaround as you put it, right. So our outlook as it stands now does not factor in either significant recovery in tech and telco and clearly, the timeline on the digital specialty agencies, given this greater uncertainty is pushed. So how the year lays out for us in terms of, to your point doing 3.5 plus, in the back half, 3.5 to 4 is the drag from tech telco and digital becomes given so it's not going to receive it mid-year, it will likely be with us for most of the year. The negative net new business position that we had coming into 2023 impacted the first half, will not impact beyond that and has now been turned around and is now a strong positive. So if you look at the second half, and then in the first half, we had, strength of media and healthcare. So if you look at the second half, the growth is roughly 50% from net new business that comes on stream and 50% from stronger underlying performance at those two large entities. And our new business all those wins bring a significant plus up, but we have not assumed all of it at one go. We have assumed essentially that full run rate for all of those is not in effect until close to the end of the year, which is why we pointed out that clearly it'll have a benefit for us in 2024. So there's a very significant full run rate number, but we're not forecasting that full run rate until late in the year.  And then on media and healthcare, I think our view reflects, Ellen talked about timing on work and campaigns. And then on the media side, I would say business mix and seasonality. So hopefully that helps you understand how we are seeing what that 3.5 to 4 for the back half looks like. On the AI question, which as I said, I think merits a lot of conversation. And you know, it is getting a lot of thought, it is early days in the application of it on the creative and content creation side of things. I do think that when you begin to see what's possible, given the volume of content that can be created, then it isn't necessarily the case that one is going to replace the other, it's that you're going to be supplementing because you're going to be creating much more and much more complex sort of ecosystems of content.  And then the other thing that we've seen in the businesses where we've already applied machine learning in AI, such as data and media, is that as you're able to bring solutions that are informed by this to clients, the nature of the opportunity with them evolves. And so you're brought in to do different things. So you can take some of that young digital talent and upskill it or you can have them focus on areas of client business and strategic problems that are more strategic, that are higher value. So I don't know that it will be as you know, as clear as what you laid out there. I think, we've been all along the efficiency piece of this will be important, the new ways of being compensated will be important. But for at least the foreseeable future, we're figuring out what it means relative to the very sort of direct, for instance, that you put out there. But instead it's a concern or at least an issue that we're all thinking to address. I don't have an answer for you sitting here right now.
Julien Roch: Okay, very good. Thank you and thank you for overrunning the opening bell.
Philippe Krakowsky: No, those are important questions. We appreciate them. Thank you for the time. We look forward to updating you on progress in October and we'll get to it.
Operator: And that was our last question. I will turn it back to Philippe for any final thoughts. And this concludes todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 19:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. This morning, we are joined by our CEO, Philippe Krakowsky; and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. We will begin our call with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties and the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation. These are further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Philippe Krakowsky.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Jerry, and good morning. As usual, I'll begin our call with an overview of our performance in the quarter. Ellen will then provide additional details, and I'll conclude with updates on highlights at our agencies to be followed by your Q&A. Let's start at the top with revenue. The organic change of our revenue before billable expenses was a decrease of 20 basis points against last year's very strong first quarter organic growth of 11.5%. That performance is consistent with our internal forecast, not only for IPG as a whole, but across our operating segments and at the individual agency level. Back in February, we called out for you the puts and takes specific to our diverse portfolio of services and within client sectors, which would be impacting our results during the first half of this year. So it's fair to say the year is tracking as we expected. In keeping with our typical calendar, we recently refreshed our outlook with our operators, and we remain comfortable at the midpoint of the growth range we shared with you on our February call, which is 2% to 4% organic revenue growth for the full year. Specifically, during the first quarter, the services and sectors that have led our substantial multiyear growth notably Media and Healthcare, continue to perform strongly. Our experiential and public relations businesses also continued their growth into the new year. It's also worth calling out that we've continued to win some of the largest competitive new account opportunities in markets so far this year. These wins encompass a diverse set of client sectors, including financial services, pharma and autos. And as they come on stream, they'll build on the large client win in the retail sector, which closed out last year. Taken together, and given the advanced client briefs increasingly in play, new account activity further demonstrates our role in the business transformation agendas of the world's most sophisticated marketers. As we've called out in recent conversations with you, the performance of our digital specialist agencies continued to weigh on growth in the first quarter. Transformation underway at those businesses does continue to progress, and we will begin to cycle their revenue decreases in our third quarter. You'll also recall that in our most recent call, we underscored the evolving impact of a more challenging environment specific to the technology sector, which is one of our largest client sectors. We've all seen it in the headlines, most prominently with respect to employment in technology that austerity and cost focus did continue to weigh on our revenue results in the first quarter. Notwithstanding that impact and a macro that, since the beginning of Q4 of last year, has been somewhat more cautious, it's notable that 6 of our 8 client sectors grew in the quarter on top of very strong performance a year ago. We were led by growth in our other sector of diversified industrials and government clients with growth in consumer goods, financial services, autos, healthcare and food and beverage. As discussed, our tech and telecom sector decreased in the quarter, as did to a much lesser degree, retail. Both were comping against double-digit gains a year ago. Regionally, the U.S. decreased 90 basis points organically in the quarter. And this is largely the result of agency- and sector-specific challenges that we've just called out and came against 12% growth in Q1 of 2022. Our international markets grew 1.2% organically on top of 10% growth a year ago. In terms of our segments, each was cycling double-digit growth a year ago. Our Media, Data & Engagement Solutions segment decreased 70 basis points organically in the quarter, strong growth in our Media offerings was offset by the underperformance at the digital specialty agencies. Our segment of Integrated Advertising & Creativity Led Solutions decreased 90 basis points organically. And there, we were again outpaced -- paced by growth at IPG Health while the decreases in the tech and telco sector weighed on overall segment performance. In Specialized Communications & Experiential Solutions, we grew 3.3% organically, highlighted by increases across our experiential and public relations offerings. As we navigate the near term, our team has demonstrated over a period of many years that we have the financial and management talent; [tools] and business model to successfully manage margin in a range of business environments. Q1 adjusted EBITA margin was 9.7% in our smallest seasonal quarter. And that result compares favorably to our pre-pandemic first quarter 2019 margin of approximately 5%, which means we're seeing both structural efficiencies and meaningful leverage on our growth over the last several years. As expected, margin decreased from a year ago when expenses for travel and entertainment were still unusually low due to the impact of the pandemic as well as additions to headcount, which had lagged the robust growth environment. We are effectively managing our flexible operating model. This is clear in our expense for temporary labor, performance-based incentive compensation and SG&A. Each was notably lower than a year ago. Our expense for severance was also elevated in this year's first quarter, and we'll begin to see the benefit to margin of those actions going forward. Further, we continue to see the impact from actions that we've taken over the last few years on our real estate portfolio, where we've reduced occupied square footage by approximately 30%. As with the top line target, we remain committed to our margin target for the year of 16.7%. Diluted earnings per share in the quarter was $0.33 as reported and was $0.38 as adjusted for intangibles and amortization and other items. During the quarter, we repurchased 2.2 million shares using $78 million. In February, our Board authorized another $350 million share repurchase program and increased our common share dividend by 7%. Our ability to create marketing and media solutions that bring together creativity, technology and data at scale is responsive to the evolving needs of marketers for more advanced and integrated services. We're consistently bringing together our differentiated resources to deliver precise, accountable and audience-led thinking and solutions. The current macro may be creating a moment in which, for certain clients, efficiency is prevailing at the expense of increasing effectiveness in order to power business growth. But in the mid and longer term, we remain confident that the fundamental drivers of value for our clients, employees, shareholders and the communities in which we operate, remains strong at Interpublic. At this point, it seems appropriate to hand the call over to Ellen for a more detailed review of our results.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. I hope that everyone is well. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. Beginning with the highlights on Slide 2 of the presentation, our first quarter revenue, before billable expenses or net revenue, decreased 2.3% from a year ago, with an organic decrease of 20 basis points. Our organic net revenue decrease was 90 basis points in the U.S. which was partially offset by organic growth in our international markets of 1.2%. First quarter adjusted EBITA, before a small restructuring adjustment, was $210.8 million, and margin was 9.7%. Diluted earnings per share was $0.33 as reported and $0.38 as adjusted. The adjustments exclude the after-tax impact of the amortization of acquired intangibles, the small adjustment to our previous restructuring actions and nonoperating losses on the sales of certain small nonstrategic businesses. We repurchased 2.2 million shares during the quarter for $78 million. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow up. Turning to the first quarter revenue in more detail on Slide 4. Our net revenue in the quarter was $2.18 billion. Compared to Q1 '22, the impact of the change in exchange rates was negative 2.3%, with the dollar stronger against currency in nearly all of our international markets. Net acquisitions added 20 basis points. Our organic decrease of revenue before billable expenses, was $4 million or 20 basis points. At the bottom of this slide, we break out segment revenue. Our Media, Data & Engagement Solutions segment decreased 70 basis points organically against double-digit growth a year ago. Strong growth at our Media businesses was offset by decreases elsewhere in the segment. As we have previously noted, our digital specialist agencies are in the process of transforming their business models, and their performance weighed significantly on the overall segment growth at approximately the same level as in Q4. Our Integrated Advertising & Creativity Led Solutions segment decreased organically by 90 basis points against double-digit growth a year ago. Growth at IPG Health was offset by decreases at certain of our other creatively led integrated agencies. At our Specialized Communication & Experiential Solutions segment, organic growth was 3.3%. We grew across public relations and experiential offerings on top of double-digit growth in the first quarter of last year. Moving on to Slide 5, our organic net revenue growth by region. In the U.S., which comprised 68% of our revenue before billable expenses in the quarter, our organic decrease was 90 basis points against 12.2% growth a year ago. Our growth at Mediabrands, IPG Health and our public relations agencies was offset by decreases in our specialty digital offerings and at certain of our other agencies, mainly as a result of declines in the tech sector. International markets were 32% of our net revenue in the quarter, an increase of 1.2% organically on top of 10.2% growth last year. The UK increased 2.9% organically. We were led by strong increases at our median experiential offerings and at McCann. Continental Europe decreased 4% organically in the quarter, both in Spain and Portugal, was more than offset by decreases in Germany and France. Asia Pac decreased 2.6% organically. Japan, China and India were all lower, but Australia and New Zealand increased. Our organic growth in LatAm was 3.9% and was led by strong growth in Media, we saw increases across all of our national markets. Our Other Markets group, which is Canada and Middle East and Africa, grew 9.3% on top of 19.9% a year ago, with notably strong growth continuing in the Middle East. Moving on to Slide 6 and operating expenses in the quarter. Our net operating expenses, which exclude billable expenses, the amortization of acquired intangibles, and the restructuring adjustment, increased only 60 basis points from a year ago. The result was our margin of adjusted EBITA, was 9.7%. As expected, our margin decreased from 12.3% a year ago, when headcount and T&E expenses were lower due to the pandemic. That 9.7% result represents a significant increase from the pre-pandemic first quarter of 2019 when margins were approximately 5%. As you can see on this slide, our ratio of total salaries and related expense as a percentage of net revenue was 72.5% compared with 70.2% a year ago. Again, all of these ratios are against a smallest quarterly net revenue base of the year. Underneath that SRS results, we delivered on our expense for base payroll, benefits and tax due to hiring over the course of the past year. Our average head count increased 3.8% from the first quarter of last year to support our organic growth of 4.3% over the trailing 12-month period. Our expense for performance-based incentive compensation decreased from a year ago from 4% to 2.5% of net revenue. The decrease reflects our slower start to the year. Severance expense was 1.5% of net revenue compared with 50 basis points a year ago. As we continue to evolve the portfolio and transform our businesses, we expect severance will remain elevated in our second quarter and that we will increasingly see the benefits of these actions on margins as we move forward through the year. Temporary labor expense was 3.4% of net revenue compared with 4.8% in Q1 '22, which is consistent with its role as a variable and a flexible expense when revenue slows. Each of these ratios is in the appendix on Slide 22. Also on this slide, our office and other direct expense was 15.2% of net revenue compared with 14.5% in Q1 '22. Underneath that, we continue to leverage our expense for occupancy, which was 4.9% of net revenue compared with 5.1% a year ago. All other office and other direct expense was 10.3% of net revenue compared with 9.4% in Q1 '22, which reflects the return of certain variable expenses, most notably higher T&E and meetings compared to a year ago. Our SG&A expense was 60 basis points of net revenue, a decrease of 30 basis points from a year ago. On Slide 7, we present details on adjustments to our reported first quarter results in order to provide better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left-hand side with our reported results and steps through to adjusted EBITA and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles, in the second column, was $20.9 million. The restructuring charges were $1.6 million, which were small adjustments in the quarter related to previous restructuring actions. Below operating expenses in column 4, we had a pretax loss in the quarter of $4.2 million in other expenses due to the dispositions with a few small nonstrategic businesses. At the foot of this slide, we present the after-tax impact per diluted share of each of these adjustments, which bridges our diluted EPS, as reported, at $0.33 to adjusted earnings of $0.38 per diluted share. On Slide 8, we turn to cash flow in the quarter. Cash used in operations was $547.6 million compared with $633.6 million a year ago. As a reminder, our operating cash flow is highly seasonal. We typically generate significant cash from working capital in the fourth quarter and use cash in the first quarter. During this year's first quarter, our working capital use was $695 million, and that follows our fourth quarter of last year when we generated $851 million from working capital. The net of the 2 is $156 million of cash generated from working capital, which is squarely in the range of our recent history. It's worth noting that cash from operations and for working capital changes was $148 million in the quarter. In our investing activities, we used $34.7 million in the quarter, mainly for CapEx. Our financing activities in the quarter used $274.3 million, primarily for our common stock dividend, share repurchases and taxes withheld in our performance-based incentive compensation. Our net decrease in cash for the quarter was $866.3 million, which is comparable to the first quarter a year ago. Slide 9 is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.68 billion of cash and equivalents. Slide 10 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt. As you can see on the schedule, total debt at quarter end was $2.9 billion. Our next maturity is April 2024 for only $250 million. Thereafter, our next maturity is not until 2028. In summary, on Slide 11, our teams are focused on executing at a high level. And importantly, we're on track to deliver on our expectations for the year. I would like to express our pride in and gratitude for the efforts of our people. The strength of our balance sheet and liquidity mean that we remain well positioned, both financially and commercially. And with that, I'll turn it back to Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Ellen. The results we're reporting today, as you heard, are in line with what we forecast coming into the year for the first quarter and consistent with the phasing of our full-year plans. That said, our top line performance in the quarter is not in keeping with our long-term track record or the growth we're collectively striving to achieve. As mentioned earlier, during the quarter, we won several of the highest profile and largest reviews in the industry, and these wins encompass a diverse set of client sectors and demonstrate our key role in the business transformation journey of marketers in a number of sectors across the economy. They will also increasingly benefit our growth as we move further into the year. We continue to invest in our emerging technology capabilities as well as expertise across the group and with external partners, with a focus on areas including Web 3.0 and artificial intelligence. We also recently launched a pilot program during the quarter with [D-Wave], quantum computing pioneer, to build advertising optimization equations based on our existing data sets, focusing first on an engagement with one of our top 20 clients. When it comes to AI and machine learning, IPG has been investing in this area for some time, Reprise media and network that specializes in search marketing and retail media marketplaces, onboarded a Chief AI Officer over 2 years ago, just as MRM was adding a Global Head of AI and Behavioral Sciences. Acxiom has also been a long-time user of AI in their data analytics practice to improve how companies reach consumers. All three of these entities fit on our AI Steering Committee, which recently launched a number of incubators and labs that leverage our enterprise agreements with a range of large technology partners. Turning to specific highlights from the quarter at the agency level. At our Media, Data & Engagement Solutions segment, we continue to see strong growth in industry recognition for our media operations. Notably, IPG Media brands was named the New Media AOR and Marketing Transformation Partner for GEICO in a highly competitive industry-wide review. Initiative continued outstanding performance was recognized by both Adweek, which named it Global Media Agency of the Year and Ad Age, where Initiative was A-List Media Agency of the Year. At UM, the network welcomed the new global CEO and won multiple honors at the Campaign's Global Agency of the Year Awards. Our Mediahub agency, now a part of Mediabrands, was named Media AOR for home appliances brand Bosch in Australia and New Zealand. It extended its relationship with Royal Caribbean and Celebrity Cruises in the UK and Europe. And Mediahub was also named Global Media Agency of Record by Esprit. Matterkind's Outcome Navigator, our proprietary suite of connected solutions for digital media that guarantees outcomes for marketers, was named a winner at the 2023 BIG Innovation Awards, presented by the Business Intelligence Group. And Reprise Media, which I mentioned earlier, has been shortlisted in the running to be Campaign's Global Performance Agency of the Year. Acxiom continues to lean into its strategic partnerships, integrating its ethical data and identity products in the cloud solutions, including data clean rooms powered by Snowflake, which allow customers to securely share data sets with partners and platforms to identify high-value audiences and consumers. Since the start of the year, Acxiom has been among Salesforce's fastest-growing full-stack marketing partners. And we further expanded the list of leading ad tech platforms, where marketers can find and activate Acxiom data. During the quarter, we saw our new Salesforce asset RafterOne [acquire] new assignments from Motorola in partnership with MRM. Huge has begun to go to market under its new positioning as a consultative creative growth accelerator. The agency recently launched in Australia and was also recognized by Business Insider as a thought leader in the area of AI. At R/GA, we announced significant C-suite changes. Globally, new business wins included Metagenics and KFC. R/GA has also brought generative AI into its creative work processes on clients like Verizon, Opendoor and Nike and released an AI ethics handbook with this client in assessing how they will incorporate the technology into their marketing programs. Campaign also named R/GA a Digital Innovation Agency of the Year in the UK. In our Integrated Advertising & Creativity Led Solutions segment, IPG Health led performance. During the quarter, we saw wins with a number of clients in the growing therapeutic areas of oncology, endocrine, metabolic and cardiovascular disease. The company also made significant leadership appointments, named a Chief Medical Officer and a Chief Strategy Officer, who will both facilitate even greater interconnectivity across the network in the service of our health and pharma clients. On prior calls and conversations with you, we've mentioned that our Media and Health offerings leverage IPG's data spine and our open architecture model. This quarter, IPG Health launched a healthcare-first connected data intelligence platform in the U.S., integrating tools from Acxiom, IPG's marketing intelligence engine and Mediabrands into their offering. And IPG Health was also named Healthcare Network of the Year by Ad Age, marking the first time a healthcare network has been named to the prestigious A-list. At McCann, wins in the first quarter included premium mattress brand, Beautyrest at McCann, Detroit and continued growth at McCann Paris' Luxury Practice, which recently added the Valentino brand. At FCB, the highlight in the quarter came when the network was appointed global agency of record for Skoda, including one of the biggest pitches in Europe. The World Advertising Research Center also named FCB New York as the industry's #1 most awarded creative Agency for effectiveness. And FCB's contract for change work of the Chicago office, I believe for [Michelob ULTRA], was the world's most awarded communications campaign for effectiveness. MullenLowe in the UK was named Agency of Record for Manpower. And more recently, the agency was selected by the U.S. Golf Association to help grow and brand the sport. Reflecting an increase in the number of global in-person events as well as the need for companies to seek out strategic communications advice during periods of economic uncertainty and societal change, our Specialized Communications & Experiential Solutions segment saw good growth during the quarter. Octagon onboarded new brand and talent clients as well as negotiating a historic long-term partnership agreement for Stephen Curry with Under Armour. Additionally, along with the Mediabrands team, Octagon was tapped to serve as the strategic lead for GEICO's more than 100 sports marketing partnerships with leagues and teams. Weber Shandwick had a solid start to the year with its multi-stakeholder approach. The firm's corporate and public affairs capabilities drove growth, [added] the health and wellness sectors. Agency's one new client partner, Case International Harvester, the global agricultural company, and expanded assignments with several large clients, including Mars. [Golin] saw strong growth in the quarter, driven by the UK and North America, but it saw sector strength in consumer marketing and healthcare. A key executive hire included a new health equity lead, who will help integrate the agency's public health, social purpose and sustainability teams. Jack Morton continues to see new client wins with clients like Nike, [Riot Games] and Novartis and notable activations in the quarter, including large-scale client events at March Madness and MLB's opening day. Similarly, Momentum posted growth in the quarter as an innovative in the way brands connect with consumers, notably through the use of immersive technologies, including the integration of augmented and mixed reality with live broadcast. This approach helped them win new clients like Purina and General Mills. At the holding company level, we've long been clear that for IPG, our commitment to ESG is a priority with 5 key strategic pillars, including D&I, climate action, human capital, data ethics & privacy and responsible media and content. With growing demand for climate action among consumers and the need for all companies to adapt to changing regulations particularly in the data space, ESG is a crucial topic not just for us but for our clients. On our call in February, we indicated to you that we we're entering the year in a net new business negative position. In the intervening period, we've successfully neutralized that deficit, and the benefits of those wins will begin to come on stream in the second half of the year. Despite macro uncertainty that's largely consistent with what we saw in Q4, the tone of the business remains solid. We should meaningfully cycle issues at certain of our agencies beginning in the third quarter. Industry new business activity in areas where we're strong, notably media, is picking up and should present further upside opportunities for us. As indicated earlier, we remain comfortable with our growth outlook for the year, along with our expectation for margin expansion. Over time, we've consistently demonstrated that we can expand margins. Our flexible cost model is an important lever, not only for improving margins in times of growth, but also to consolidate those gains in the face of downturns in the business environment. Another key area for value creation remains our strong balance sheet and liquidity. And our ongoing commitment to capital returns has been clearly underscored by both our recent dividend increase as well as share repurchases. The teams remain highly focused on delivering on our targets by continuing to provide higher-order business solutions to clients to help them drive growth in the digital economy. We thank our partners and our people for their our continued support as well as those of you on this call for your time and interest. And with that, let's open the floor to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Steve Cahall with Wells Fargo.
Steve Cahall: So Philippe, it sounds like the U.S. trend should see sequential improvement throughout the year. I think your last quarter of cycling off a big loss, and I think you'll now be cycling on to some wins. So first off, is that right as we kind of think about the trend to organic growth as we move through the year? And then in the release, you mentioned some of the weakness in the tech sector. I imagine what's gone on recently in the financial sector probably hasn't helped. So in your mind, is there any new negatives in your technology exposure? Or are the expectations for that vertical kind of unchanged from where you were when you started the year? And then I have a follow-up for Ellen.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. I think what we're seeing is consistent with what we shared with you back in February, right? So I think within tech and telco, it comes down to individual decision-making by actually a fairly tight number of clients or a handful of clients that's specific to either facts and circumstances in their business or clearly, the degree to which that sector is being impacted. And then in terms of how we are thinking about and kind of how the year phases, it's definitely the case that we think that the bulk of what we've indicated to you, so both the sector and tech and telco, I think, is probably about a 2% drag on organic growth at the worldwide level in Q1. So whether it's that or whether it's what's happening within those two kind of leading edge digital agencies in the portfolio that, that will cycle off starting the beginning of Q3.
Steve Cahall: Great. And then, Ellen, I think salaries were up more than 2 percentage points as a percentage of revenue in the quarter. Office [indirect] was up a little bit as well. Maybe how are you thinking about the ability to pass through some of the cost or wage inflation through organic growth? Is there any upside to EBITA margin guidance? And is there any more restructuring we should expect this year?
Ellen Johnson: Maybe I'll start with your last question first. No, we do not plan on any more restructuring and then working backwards in inflation. So the vast majority of our clients and -- contracts do have clauses that allow us to come to the table and have discussions with our clients. But it's not [automatic], and it's a discussion. And our main objective with our clients, in addition to make sure that we get fairly paid for our services, is really to grow our share a lot with them. So it's a conversation but as we've said previously, it hasn't been a large part of our growth to date or in our forecast. Really, it's more organic growth with existing clients and our net new business wins. With our -- we're very comfortable with our margin targets for the year. If you look at it, when you look at base salaries, you're comparing it to a year ago, when growth was so strong and our headcount was lagging that growth. You'll also see higher return-to-office expenses in our numbers this year with T&E and meetings. But that said, you see us using our variable cost structure and flexing it. You see temp help down, performance-based comp is also lower. So we remain very confident in our margin target for the year.
Operator: Our next question is from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan.
David Karnovsky: So we wanted to see if you could dig in a bit on the digital specialist agencies, R/GA and Huge. We've seen some articles in the trade is about ongoing restructurings there. So wondering where you think you are in terms of getting these agencies to where they need to be? And would you expect them, in the longer term, to return to being growth engines for the company or have some of what were very unique capabilities a few years ago, just kind of been adapted by our other networks?
Philippe Krakowsky: That's a fair question. I think it's clearly in the nature of their offerings, where you have a lot more innovation hanging, sort of taking place. And so I think that whether it is -- it's funny because if you really think about it, we're really seeing the macro in very specific in few and specific places. So we've seen it impact tech. And then clearly, these are agencies that are probably -- have greater exposure to that sector than other parts of the portfolio. But I think what you've got there is you've got 2 entities with premium positioning. The field has become somewhat more crowded. And then the timing in terms of when they were hitting a cycle at which there needed to be a reinvention, happens to be as we're going through this period where there is some uncertainty. So the thinking is to get them more focused. As I mentioned, you did see news of a leadership change at R/GA. Huge is further along in terms of what the next value proposition is going to be for them. And essentially, it's going to market with more of a consultative model, where it's less people and hours and more of a product and solutions approach. So that's in market now. And then, I don't think that it's an issue that's sort of intrinsic to this space. So we do expect them to get back to being growth drivers for us. I think, to be a growth leader, you increasingly -- no matter where you sit in the portfolio, you have to be linked into the data stack into what we're doing around precision and accountability. But both of them, I think, have that predisposition, given the nature of what they do. As we've been clear as well, I think that some of those losses, again, where we saw that impact us or begin to impact us, we see that falling off as we start the second half of the year.
David Karnovsky: Okay. And then for Ellen, you had a decent-sized reduction in net interest expense for the quarter. I just wanted to see if there's any guidance you can give on how that might progress for the year?
Ellen Johnson: Sure. Interest income was higher, but that's really due to the rising interest environments that we're in and the amount of return we're able to earn on our cash balances, which we actively manage. So really, it's a factor of where interest rates go, but there is nothing that I would highlight other than that.
Operator: The next question is from Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen: Can you hear me okay?
Philippe Krakowsky: Yes.
Tim Nollen: Philippe, I hope you don't mind if I push one more time on the tech and the Huge, R/GA question. I just want to see how much the two are related. I went back to my notes from last quarter, and I think you said that those 2 agencies, Huge and R/GA, were 1.6% drag on Q4 organic growth. And I think I heard you say just now that the tech and telco sectors were a 2% drag worldwide in Q1. I just want to make sure I understand how much is tech and telco and Huge, R/GA related. Or are they...
Philippe Krakowsky: When we say tech and telco, we're talking about the client sector. So that 2% does impact other parts of the portfolio. And that is the organic -- the drag to organic growth is that client sector. If we were to quantify the digital specialists and their impact on Q1 to us, I think either in the U.S. or globally, that was very marginally north of 1%. And there's some overlap there. So both of those combined probably cost us a hair under 3% of organic revenue. Hopefully, that helps.
Tim Nollen: That's great. I wasn't even hoping -- I wasn't even thinking to get that kind of a number from you, so that's great to hear. So separate, but related issues. Could I ask another question on margins? You beat our estimate on operating margin, I think, probably ahead of what you were kind of pointing people towards. Was that some real estate savings from the Q4 events that are already working through? And I think you also mentioned on the last call, you still expect to be net hiring in 2023. I wonder if that is still the case? So how do we think about that?
Philippe Krakowsky: I'll start, and then I'll pass it over to Ellen. I think what you do see is you see where we've been taking a very large business over time. We've been evolving it. We do have disparate results across the portfolio. And so yes, we're definitely hiring because within the number, you've got the business [as will] segment. We talked about the growth we're seeing, strong growth with Media brands, with media and data-informed solutions at healthcare, so you're seeing that. And then obviously, you're seeing the places in the business that we've called out for you, where we've got some challenges and some, which are probably anywhere in between those.  And in terms of margins, I'll just start by talking about the fact that we've been clear with you all about the degree to which the model does flex. And the fact that we're very focused on and very disciplined about all of the levers and all the component parts, that help us ensure that we're on top of that. And I think I'll ask Ellen to then just fill in the specific pieces underneath that.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. I would just point out that we have extended our margin 260 basis points over the last several years. So we really have a good sense on how to do this. You did see that severance was elevated in the quarter. And as Philippe pointed out, we are hiring where we have growth, but we're also adjusting the business in places that we do both for either rightsizing or upscaling talent. We expect that will continue in Q2, but we'll see the savings from that as we move forward through the year. As you mentioned, we are seeing the savings from the real estate actions as well, as well as using temp help as we should as a lever. So I think all of those things together keep us -- make us feel good about our margin targets for the year and our ability to expand them, going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson: I have a two-parter. First, Ellen. What is in your billable expenses? And why was it such a variability between net and gross revenues? And can you remind me if you take a principal position in media buying? [indiscernible] on answer, I have one for Philippe.
Ellen Johnson: So our -- is truly pass-through expense. And the reason we do net accounting is because there is not a margin in those billable expenses. So it just varies, based upon how our clients are spending, and that's the variability.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. So there's not a media buying position in there. And Philippe, I think, in the past, you guys have not been pretty clear, right? So given that others are now doing it, it looks like with some success, why maintain that posture when it seems like it's now more standard?
Philippe Krakowsky: It's interesting because in my comments, I talked about the degree to which we might be at a moment in time when efficiency is perhaps trumping effectiveness and there had really been a focus and it has clearly worked in our favor for a number of years now to solutions, where that data layer and the ability to be really, really precise and be smarter in terms of how you put that investment to work. It's clearly a fair question, and it's something that we will look at because we want to be able to operate in as many modes as possible in order, to your point, to take advantage of whatever at a secular level the marketplace tells us is working, right? So our model has worked well for us, to your point. Something seems to be out there that indicates that you want to be looking at different modalities, and that's something that we're leaning into.
Operator: The next question is from Lina Ghayor with BNP Paribas.
Lina Ghayor: Ellen, Philippe. I hope you are well. I have three questions on my side. The first one is, can you give us an update on the momentum for Acxiom? The second one is around your investments in headcount for this quarter? And how do you think about staff cost for the rest of the year, notably in the bonus pool front? And lastly, and marginally, how would you qualify your clients' marketing EBITA at the moment? Are there some delays, phasing, calculation, cushion or optimism? But any color would be appreciated.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. I'm not sure in what order. So perhaps I'll start with the first and the last and then pass the question in the middle to Ellen. Acxiom is growing. Acxiom is, I think, different than the data asset that exists within one of our competitors because at least my understanding is that there's a media component to that. Whereas for us, Acxiom is a first-party data management business and -- where we plug it into -- and it works closely with others of our agency businesses. We then see more attractive growth within those businesses. So to the extent that Media is our strongest performer, and one can assume that it's growing well ahead of the overall number for us. We're seeing Acxiom fuel strong results. It's core business, where it sells these very large software engagements to handle first-party data for clients, those are multiyear contracts, those take a while to sell in. And that is, to our mind, always going to be a business that has probably mid to slightly below mid-single-digit growth. That's really not the purpose of it. It is the engine on which we drive a lot of the others. And then in terms of your question about clients, I think it's quite consistent with what we shared with you the last time we spoke. So I think that at the time, we did say that there was a sense at that point, a palpable sense that there had been more of a caution or that clients were looking for a level of flexibility and contingency planning. But I don't think that there's really been a change since that time as we go into this point in the year. And I think the thing that I would also sort of point out, if you try to dimensionalize the macro, is we take you through the client sectors. You can assume that those are probably in the order of the growth at which they're coming in, and we said 6 of the 8 sectors were growing. And I guess if you wanted sort of further quantification, you've got three of them at the top end that are growing north of 5% and 3 that are growing 3% to 5%. And so the tech and telco is clearly the drain on us, but I don't think we're seeing a macro that is dramatically different than what we shared with you when we last spoke.
Ellen Johnson: And going to staff cost ratios, we're starting the year in our seasonally smallest quarter. So staff cost ratios in this quarter are typically high. It is something we have a track record of managing very effectively. We never get ahead of revenue growth in our hiring. And as you've seen, we use temporary labor as a good lever in that as well. And then I've also pointed out that severance is high and will be in this first half of the year, and we do expect to see savings from that in the back half of the year as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Roch with Barclays.
Julien Roch: Philippe, Ellen, two questions. The first one is Q1 was light, but you said it's absolutely fine. It's all in line with our phasing because, one, we're going to cycle out Huge and R/GA. And you were kind enough to tell you that the drug was 1% in Q1. And two, you said that you won quite a few things that will contribute more and more throughout the year. So is it possible to have a number, like for Huge in R/GA, on the new business contribution for the full year, so we can work out the phasing? That's my first question. And then the second one, lots and lots of comments on AI in many industries, generative AI that is. If you had to kind of say, what would be the potential biggest positive for Interpublic coming from generative AI? And also, what could be the biggest potential negative?
Philippe Krakowsky: I don't think we're unique on the latter question. So obviously, when you think about a lot of the modeling work and the analytics work that is taking place in our Data business, in our Media business, as we mentioned on the prepared remarks, increasingly, where our Health business is also incorporating that, we've been using machine learning for some time there. And so I think there continue to be opportunities there. I think that the commerce space for us is still opportunity. There's a great deal that we can do there. And you saw us, towards the end of the year last year, make an acquisition in that space. You saw us add a leader for that space at the holding company level. So I think that in a number of areas, it's going to enhance the nature of the services that we provide to clients. And then that I think the question or the challenge is how do you incorporate it into your processes and then how do you enhance what you're doing on the creative side of things by perhaps reinvesting some of the dollars it frees up because it will, doubtless, make it possible to do some of the things that we're doing inside of the creative agencies differently, faster, perhaps more efficiently. And then on the new business question, that would be a tough one because as I said, the real opportunities in the places where we're seeing new business come up is either in media, in large integrated opportunities, where data and media are important components of our offering. But I don't think that we are going to start breaking down the new business at the agency level because I'd rather people spend time actually with clients and focused on growth than sort of that level of performance kind of granularity, back to you guys. But it's not -- the falloff there, the fact that it ends up and we begin to cycle off of that in the third quarter, what is cycling on, we've had wins in integrated consumer advertising, work in financial services, in auto and then we've had wins in media, also in financial services and in pharma. But what's coming in and what's going out isn't necessarily the same.
Julien Roch: Sorry, maybe I wasn't clear. I was asking for an indication at the overall company level, maybe I wasn't clear.
Philippe Krakowsky: I mean as I said, we went into the year net new business with a headwind. And at this point, we have managed to retire that. And all -- and the wins will start coming on stream shortly but definitively and stronger in the back half.
Operator: And our last question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Cameron McVeigh: This is Cameron McVeigh on for Ben. A couple. Just on your recent appointment of your Chief Commerce Strategy Officer, I was wondering if you could talk a bit about the retail media opportunity and how your clients are approaching that? And then secondly, on the M&A environment, curious if your appetite has changed for M&A at all, if there's any specific type of strategic acquisitions you guys are focused on in the near term?
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. Retail Media, definitely a high-growth medium. I think it has any number of benefits, whether it's that it's closer to where purchases are being made or that it gives our clients a different tool so that they're not as reliant on either the advertising technology ecosystem or so that they're getting a different first-party data set with which to enhance their own first-party data. So we continue to see that as an area that has a lot of growth to it. And as I mentioned, we've got a retail media marketplace business inside of Mediabrands at Reprise, but we are also doing quite a bit of the work that surrounds retail media at a number of our agencies like at MRM, obviously, RafterOne, which was the acquisition. And I think it is a place where we continue to look. So whether it's performance media, whether it's commerce, retail media, those are clearly places where we will continue to look at and for M&A. And then the individual we brought across from Accenture has been spending a lot of time on the ground with operators and thinking about how to align or connect the various component parts we've got across the holding company. We've got shopper marketing businesses. Shoppable commerce happens in the PR space. Clearly, media is a part of it. So that's definitely a place where we believe there's a lot of opportunity.
Operator: Thank you. And that was our last question. I'll now turn it back to Philippe for any final thoughts.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, again, thank you. We appreciate the time. I think I'd say that while results in Q1 are consistent with, as we said to you, our internal forecast and we believe ourselves to be on track, I'll just repeat something I said a bit earlier, they're not consistent with our long-term track record of growth or what we're expecting ourselves. So that's clearly the focus here. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-09 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. This morning, we are joined by our CEO, Philippe Krakowsky and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. We will begin our call with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern time. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. We will also refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties and the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Philippe Krakowsky.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning. As usual, I'll start with a high-level view of our performance in the quarter and the full year and our outlook for the year ahead. Ellen will then provide additional detail, and I'll conclude with updates on key developments at our agencies to be followed by Q&A. We're pleased to share another year of strong performance. Before turning to the numbers, I'd like to once again thank our more than 58,000 colleagues around the world whose dedication to our clients and one another are exceptional, along with our expertise spanning creative marketing services, technology and data management, that's what continues to be at the heart of our performance. Turning to our results. For the full year, organic growth was 7%. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 16.6%, both are at the levels we shared with you in our last update in October. It's worth noting that a year ago at this time, we looked ahead to full year 5% organic growth on top of very challenging multiyear comps and performance throughout the year drove consistent increases to that 7%. We grew in every world region and broadly across client sectors. Our three year organic growth stack, therefore, stands at 14%. The level of performance that speaks to the strength and relevance of our offerings, particularly in services and sectors demanding precision and accountability. In our fourth quarter, organic net revenue growth was 3.8%, which brings three year growth performance to 9.7%. That means that, as expected, growth slowed in the fourth quarter consistent with global macroeconomic and geopolitical crosswinds, which we're all aware of. Notwithstanding slowdowns across the global economy and with that, a broadly more cautious marketing and media environment, our growth continued in every world region during the fourth quarter. Overall, U.S. organic growth was 2.4% despite dilution from certain units in the portfolio on top of a very strong 12.1% a year ago. Organic growth in our international markets was 6.1% on top of 11% a year ago. By sector, growth in the fourth quarter was led by our clients in the auto and transportation sector, followed by the retail, our other sector of industrial and government and health care. Going the other way, second telco, which for us is our second largest client sector began to show the impact of - but I guess we could refer a sector-specific issues, which we're forecasting will continue to present headwinds for us for at least the first half of 2023. Also in Q4, we felt the largest quarterly impact of the late 2021 loss of a large food and beverage client which will finish running off at the end of Q1 this year. Each of our operating segments grew organically in the quarter. In Media, Data & Engagement Solutions organic growth was 5%, led by double-digit growth at IPG Mediabrands. Increases at our digital specialists, which we've called out previously, weighed significantly on segment and group-wide growth in the quarter and the year. Our Integrated Advertising & Creativity Led Solution segment grew 2.6%, paced again by IPG Health, which posted high single-digit growth performance. Our segment of Specialized Communications & Experiential Solutions grew 3.5% organically with leadership from the full range of our experiential and sports marketing offerings. Turning to profitability and expenses in the quarter. Our teams continued their outstanding execution, effectively navigating today's complicated economic environment. This, in turn, led to the strong fourth quarter margin performance we're reporting today. We've been able to deliver this result while continuing to invest in our offerings and to take significant real estate actions in the quarter that will further our structural operating efficiencies going forward. Fourth quarter net income was $297.2 million as reported. Our adjusted EBITDA was $568.4 million, which is before a noncash charge in the quarter for those real estate actions. Adjusted EBITDA margin in the quarter was 22.3%, and that brings full year adjusted EBITDA to $1.57 billion and margin on net revenue of 16.6%. I think it's worth reflecting that at that margin level, we've successfully consolidated 260 basis points of margin improvement over the last three years, along with that very strong three year growth stat that I mentioned earlier. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.76 as reported and was $1.02 as adjusted for the real estate restructuring charge, intangible amortization and the disposition of small nonstrategic businesses. In sum, our fourth quarter completes a year of strong financial performance across the key performance metrics of growth, adjusted EBITDA and earnings per share. During the quarter, we also closed on the acquisition of RafterOne, a leading e-commerce implementation partner, which brings additional scale and capability to our offerings in an area of growth and strategic importance. Over the course of 2022, we also returned capital to shareholders in the amount of $777 million between dividends and share repurchases. Given the continuing strength of our operating results and confidence in our strategic trajectory, our Board has once again raised IPG's quarterly dividend by 7% to $0.31 per share. This marks our 11th consecutive year of higher dividends, which, as you know, continued uninterrupted through the pandemic. Our Board also authorized an additional $350 million share repurchase program on top of the $80 million remaining in our previous authorization. Turning to discussion to 2023 and our outlook for the year. There remains a meaningful degree of macroeconomic uncertainty. Visibility, therefore, is somewhat challenged. I think it's fair to say that clients are approaching 2023 with equal parts conviction in the need to be in the market, as well as an increased level of conservatism. That's not to say that they are any less focused on the need to drive for growth into the new year or to invest in the transformation of their business. It's just that we're seeing budgeting decisions made with more deliberation. And it's also fair to say that there's significant variability within our client portfolio from client to client. We're confident that the strongest growth areas of our business such as consultative media services, health care marketing, experiential marketing, commerce as well as data management and data sales will continue to perform strongly despite the broader economic situation. We're also confident in our operational rigor and flexible cost model. Our actions in the fourth quarter to further reduce our occupied real estate footprint by nearly 7% demonstrates our consistent and ongoing focus on identifying and acting on opportunities to rethink our business model and improve efficiency. So bridging all of these moving parts together, we expect organic net revenue growth for 2023 of 2% to 4% on top of those industry-leading multiyear comparators and further expansion of our adjusted EBITDA margins to 16.7% for the full year. Our priorities for the year remain consistent. First, to build on IPG's strategic differentiation, which for us means to focus on the people, talent and capabilities that enable us to solve a broader set of business problems, and which further our evolution into a higher-value solutions provider, as well as strong execution when it comes to integrating our agency's expertise through open architecture solutions. Second, to combine those client focused offerings with operational excellence, which is always important, but never more so than in an uncertain economic climate. Delivering on these goals and our new financial targets, as well as our long-standing commitment to return of capital should lead to another year of value creation for all of our stakeholders. At this point, I'm going to hand things over to Ellen for a more in-depth view of our results.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. I hope everyone is well. I would like to join Philippe and thank our people for their terrific accomplishments. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. Beginning on slide two of the presentation. Fourth quarter net revenue was essentially flat from a year ago, with organic growth of 3.8%. That brings organic growth for the year to 7% and our three year growth to 14%. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter before a net restructuring charge was $568.4 million and margin on net revenue was 22.3%. Our restructuring charge in the quarter, resulting from having identified further opportunities to optimize our real estate portfolio. We reduced our occupied real estate footprint by approximately 500,000 square feet or 6.7%. The net charge in the quarter was $101.7 million, which we expect will result in $20 million of permanent expect savings, which will be realized as we move forward. There was no severance involved in these most recent actions. You'll recall that in 2020, we reduced our lease footprint by 1.7 million square foot, and the additional actions are a recognition that in the wake of the pandemic operating model has changed with respect to office space. While we will still continue to optimize our square footage in the normal course of our business, we do not anticipate additional restructuring charges. Our diluted earnings per share in the quarter was $0.76 as reported and $1.02 as adjusted to exclude the restructuring charge, the amortization of acquired intangibles and a small amount operating loss from business dispositions. Our adjusted diluted EPS was $2.75 for the full year. We concluded the year in a strong financial position with $2.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet and with 1.6 times gross financial debt to EBITDA as defined in our credit facility. We repurchased 3.2 million shares in the fourth quarter, bringing our full year repurchases to $10.3 million, returning $320 million to our shareholders in 2022. Our Board increased a quarterly dividend to $0.31 and authorized another $350 million repurchase program, in addition to the $80 million remaining on our prior authorization. Turning to slide three, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Turning to the fourth quarter and full year revenue on slide four. Our net revenue in the quarter was $2.55 billion, an increase of $1.6 million from a year ago. Compared to Q4 '21, the impact of the change in exchange rates was negative 3.9%. Net acquisitions added 20 basis points. Our organic net revenue increase was 3.8% and which on the right-hand side of this slide brings us to 7% for the full year. Further down the slide, we break out segment net revenue performance. Our Media, Data & Engagement Solutions segment grew 5% organically on top of 11.9% in the fourth quarter of 2021. As you can see on the slide, the segment is comprised of IPG Media brands, Acxiom, Kinesso and our digital specialist agencies. IBP Media brands grew at double-digit rate. As first noted on our third quarter call, R/GA and Huge are in the process of transforming their business models and have soft performance, which weighed significantly on the overall segment growth. That's something we will not lap until the back half of this year. At the right-hand side of the slide, organic growth was 6.4% for the full year. Organic growth at our Integrated Advertising & Creativity Led Solution segment was 2.6%, which was on top of 10.3% a year ago. As a reminder, the segment is comprised of IPG Health, McCann, MullenLowe, FCB and our domestic integrated agencies. Our growth in the quarter was led by a strong increase in IPG Health, which grew in the high single digits. For the year, the segment grew 7.1% organically. At our Specialized Communications & Experiential Solutions segment, organic growth was 3.5%, which compounds 15.2% in last year's fourth quarter. This segment is comprised of Weber Shandwick, Golin, Jack Morton, Momentum, Octagon and DXTRA Health. We will lap a high single-digit increases in our experiential solutions. For the year, the SC&E segment increased 8.5% organically. Moving to slide five, our revenue growth by region in the quarter. The U.S., which was 63% of our fourth quarter net revenue grew 2.4% organically on top of 12.1% in last year's fourth quarter. We had notably strong growth at IPG Mediabrands, IPG Health, MRM and Jack Morton experiential. Decreases at our digital specialists R/GA and Huge weighed on our U.S. growth rate by 160 basis points in the quarter. International markets were 37% of our net revenue in the quarter and increased organically. You'll recall the same markets increased 11% a year ago. In the U.K., organic growth in the quarter was 9.4% led by notably strong performance in media, experiential and at MullenLowe. Continental Europe grew 5.7% organically. We were led by very strong growth in Spain, while Germany and France were relatively flat year-over-year. In Asia Pac, organic growth was 3% in the quarter with strong results in Australia, Japan and China, while India decreased. In LatAm, we grew 5.8% organically on top of 22.5% a year ago. Our other international markets group, which consists of Canada, the Middle East and Africa, grew 6.9% organically on top of 18.7% a year ago, which reflects notably strong growth in the Middle East followed by Canada. Moving on to slide six and operating expenses in the quarter. Our fully adjusted EBITDA margin in the quarter was 22.3% compared to 19.3% in 2021, an increase of 300 basis points. As you can see on this slide, we had operating leverage on each of our major cost lines. Our ratio of salary and related expenses as a percentage of net revenue was 61% compared with 62.2% in last year's fourth quarter. Underneath that ratio, we delevered on our expenses for base pay, benefits of tax as headcount increased to support revenue growth. We ended the quarter with headcount of 58,400, an increase of 5% from a year ago. Our expenses for temporary labor, performance-based incentive compensation and severance were all notably lower than a year ago. Our office and other direct expenses decreased as a percentage of net revenue by 160 basis points to 13.5%. That reflects leverage due to lower occupancy expenses. We also reduced all other office and other direct expense compared to last year as a percent of net revenue, which reflects lower client service costs consulting and employee-related expenses. Our SG&A expense was 1.2% of net revenue, a decrease of 10 basis points. Turning to slide seven. We spent detail on adjustments to our reported fourth quarter results in order to give you better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left-hand side of our reported results and steps through to adjusted EBITDA, excluding restructuring and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles in the second column was $22.1 million. The real estate restructuring charges were $101.7 million and the related tax benefit was $26 million. Below operating expenses are losses on the disposition of small nonstrategic businesses was $8.3 million, which is shown in column four. At the foot of the slide, you can see the after-tax impact per diluted share of these adjustments, which bridges our diluted EPS as reported at $0.76 to adjusted earnings of $1.02 per diluted share. Slide eight similarly depicts adjustments for the full year, again, for continuity and comparability. Our amortization expense was $84.7 million. Our charge for restructuring was $102.4 million. Dispositions over the course of the year resulted in a book loss of $3.8 million. The result is adjusted EBITDA of $1.57 billion and diluted EPS of $2.75. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the full year was in line with our expectations at 24.8%. On slide nine, we turn to cash flow for the full year. Cash from operations was $608.8 million, cash used in working capital was $672.3 million compared with cash generated from working capital of $743.4 million a year ago. As we've pointed out in the past, working capital is volatile. In each of the previous 3 years, we had very strong working capital results. And over the last 4 years, we generated a total of $1.4 billion. Our investing activities used $460 million. That mainly reflects our acquisition of RafterOne and our CapEx in the year. Our financing activities used $869.5 million, representing our common stock dividend and repurchases of our shares. Our net decrease in cash for the year was $719.1 million. Slide 10 is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the year with $2.5 billion of cash and equivalents. Slide 11 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt and our diversified maturity schedule. Total debt at year-end was $2.9 billion. As you can see on the schedule, we have $250 million maturity in 2024 and then our next scheduled maturity is not until 2028. In summary, on slide 12, our teams continue to execute at a high level. I would like to again recognize the accomplishments of our people and the strength of our balance sheet and liquidity have us well positioned to continue our track record of success, both financially and commercially. And with that, I'll turn it back to Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Ellen. As you can see from our results, our strategy, talent and culture continue to drive innovation, creativity and collaboration that fuel our clients' success in an increasingly digital economy. Over the past 3 years, we've organically added $1.2 billion of revenue to our business as well as increased adjusted EBITDA by over $360 million since the start of 2020. Credit to our teams for those very strong results. Throughout this period, what we're seeing play out are the accelerated technology-driven shifts in media and consumer behavior that our company had anticipated and against which we've made significant investments. Our expertise in first-party data management, performance media and accountable marketing solutions are all areas relevant to marketers looking to build their brands while also delivering business outcomes. Vital to our strong performance are our media, data and health care offerings. These specialized assets have evolved their offerings to combine marketing services with emerging communication channels and technology is to help clients find new ways to identify and interact with individual consumers. As you saw in October, we continue to look for strategic areas of investment. With our RafterOne acquisition, we brought a talented and specialized team into the IPG network, to architect and implement scaled sales force solutions that connect brands with customers through end-to-end commerce experiences in both B2B and B2C settings. The RafterOne team will help us deliver creative campaign that work smarter for our clients by building meaningful relationships in digital marketing platforms. Enterprise marketing suites like Salesforce and Adobe formed the foundation of so many brands marketing technology stacks, and our company can serve as a bridge between those brands, their consumers and these platforms, strengthening every touch point in the customer journey. We continue to invest in this important growth area and recently announced that we brought on board our first Chief Commerce Strategy Officer. He joins us from Accenture where he oversaw their omnichannel commerce practice. At IPG, he'll connect our existing channel and platform expertise, including strong and scaled teams at MRM, RafterOne, reprise media and IPG platform services as well as others across our entire portfolio. And he'll orchestrate how our company supports clients as they build out commerce solutions and integrate them with a full breadth of their marketing programs. Turning now to the highlights of agency level performance in Q4. As we've mentioned, results were once again led by our media, data and technology offerings. Media performed very strongly to close out a successful year. And during the quarter, we saw a series of notable wins, including Celebrity Cruises at Mediahub, Energy Australia, the REIT tension of major client Merck and the addition of assignments on AWS at initiative and the onboarding of Moneysupermarket Group at UM where earlier this week, we also announced that we welcomed the new Global CEO to the agency. As we speak, IPG Mediabrands is also hosting their third annual equity upfront which provides opportunities for clients and our agencies to engage directly with diverse owned media partners, including black, API, Hispanic and LGBTQIA owned media which is vital to establishing the kinds of partnerships that can change buying patterns in the industry. Acxiom continues to be a strong contributor to the performance of our media agencies as well as others in the group who've incorporated audience-led methodologies into how they develop strategic insights and creative work. During the quarter, Acxiom brought in new logo wins and contract renewals in the automotive, CPG, financial services, insurance, retail and travel and entertainment sectors. They were recognized as a leader in the Snowflake Modern Marketing stack report and also launched a new integration with a customer data platform, Telium to enhance deterministic modeling capabilities. Turning to IPG Health. That network continued to deliver strong results for us in the quarter, compounding very strong -- excuse me, again, trailing growth since we created the group approximately 15 months ago. While growing with nearly every existing client, IPG Health also focused on expanding its presence globally through some strategic alliances, notably in Europe. And the caliber of their creative work was honored at the 2022 M&M awards, where the network was named large Healthcare Network of the Year. At our global advertising networks, we continue to see the benefit of our investment in strong differentiated agency cultures which are driving distinctive ideation and creativity, and we're seeing that recognized again and again in the industry. FCB won significant accolades during its first full year under its new leadership team, who was named as 1 of the 10 most innovative advertising agencies of 2022 by Fast Company. It was honored as the #2 network overall in Cannes and was once again named Festival's top rank North America network, thanks to powerhouse offices in New York, Chicago and Toronto, which it bears noting are all leaders in leveraging data to power audience insights and creativity. With a new CEO in place at the beginning of the fourth quarter, McCann saw new business wins with Smirnoff which make it part of the Diageo roster and post-consumer brands. McCann also launched work for recently won clients Converse and Prudential. Additionally, the agency was named Network of the Year to 2022 EpicaAwards for the fifth time at 6 years and McCann New York won Epica innovation Grand Prix for Mastercard's Touch Card, the accessible card standard for blind and partially cited people. More recently, McCann also announced a series of senior organizational changes, elevating key internal leaders and adding new executives to the agency. MullenLowe Group continued to secure new business as it had throughout the year. With the addition of Ferro International, [indiscernible], National Highways in England, Lifestyle Fashion in India and the Barcelona football club in Spain. We also announced the new global CEO for MullenLowe promoting the key female leader from within our organization, who's known across the industry as a champion of creativity, a strong growth driver and someone fully committed to diversity and inclusion. Among our domestic independent agencies as part of the agency's goal to help reshape our industry, the Martin Agency announced their commitment to hire a minimum of 50% directorial and editorial talent from underrepresented groups for all their video content production. At our earn and experiential agencies, performance was led by Octagon, Jack Morton and Momentum, all of which posted strong growth in the quarter. With more than 3 decades of World Cup experience, Octagon was very active with a range of clients at this year's tournament. For example, with a long-time client Budweiser, the agency ran a range of on-site activations in Doha, managed complex global influencer campaigns and hosted nearly 0.5 million consumers who are fans and viewing events around the world. Jack Morton continued to deliver outstanding performance and launched a sponsorship consulting practice, which has dubbed Jack39 and continue to build out JackX, which is their global experience innovation practice which creates events of the combined content with Web 3.0 times. Among our public relations firms during the quarter, Golin had several wins, including a product launch for new alcohol brands, corporate communications work for food products and services brand and then being named the influencer AOR for household appliances manufacturer globally. Weber Shandwick announced new client wins with HP in North America and IKEA and the U.K. And the network also launched what it's calling the business Society and Society Futures, which is a C-suite offering that combines public affairs, corporate affairs as well as organizational design and consultancy. During the quarter, DXTRA Health posted strong gains, winning a large global oncology assignment for a major pharma clients. And in addition, its leader was named to PR Week Health Influencer 30, which is the annual list of most influential individuals in health care communications. At the holding company level, as you know, we have a long-standing commitment to ESG and DE&I as key strategic priorities. And as you may have seen last week, we announced that IPG has been included on the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index for the fourth consecutive year and was recognized for the first time as a top-rated ESG performer by Sustainalytics. We were also once again included in the FTSE for good Index, and Newsweek's America most Responsible Companies 2023 and Forbes featured us on both its America's Best Large Employers list as well as the world's top female-friendly company for 2022. As a business in which human capital is so vital to our success, our culture, including an intentional approach to ESG has long been an important part of our strategy for attracting and retaining top talent, whether in strategic, creative, data analytics or engineering roles, or across a range of other skill sets that have become key to our evolving offerings. Looking ahead, we believe IPG remains well positioned for the future. Much of our growth in recent years as well as in 2022 was fueled by disciplines that most actively tap into our data and precision marketing capabilities as well as our exceptional health care marketing offerings. These are growing parts of our portfolio that continue to develop into more structural and secular revenue streams. We know the world in which we live is increasingly digital and that more than ever, clients need help from us in using audience-led thinking to solve for a widening set of business problems and opportunities. We've been leaders in this space and 2023 will be a year in which we consolidate those gains and prepare to further evolve the way in which we deliver this expertise to marketers is to elevate the value of the services and solutions we provide. In addition, we're confident that our commerce and experiential disciplines, which not today figuring as large in our revenue mix will continue to grow going forward. As stated earlier, despite the broader uncertainty that we're seeing at a macroeconomic level, we expect to deliver growth in 2023 of 2% to 4% on top of a very strong record that has compounded for a number of years. And consistent with that level of growth, we foresee adjusted EBITDA margin expansion to 16.7%. Of course, another key area of value creation remains a strong balance sheet and liquidity. And our ongoing commitment to capital returns is clear in the actions that were announced by our Board today, which also speaks to the confidence in our strategic position and future prospects. Part of our balanced approach to capital allocation, we'll continue to further invest behind the growth of our businesses by developing our people and continuing to differentiate our offerings. This includes a disciplined approach to M&A focusing on opportunities that are consistent with strategic growth areas, primarily commerce and Performance Media, business transformation and consultancy. We thank our clients our people and those of you on this call for your continued support. And with that, let's open the floor for questions.
Q - David Karnovsky: Hi, thank you. Philippe, you noted client uncertainty at a conviction to stay invested. I wanted to see if you could provide some insight into your conversations with marketers, how they manage that balance and kind of what factors are keeping them tipped into the side of remaining in the market? And then just on the guide overall, that range is a little wider than we're used to seeing. Is that all due to the economy? And should we think of macro is maybe the main driver in pushing you towards the lower or upper end?
Philippe Krakowsky: Maybe I'll take them backwards if that's okay with you. I mean I think if you think about our budgeting process, right, it's bottoms up with our operators. We do, in fact, as you suggest, go client by client. We look at pipeline. And then with our larger clients, obviously, we're able to engage with them directly. And I think what we're pointing out there is just that I think what's happening is that the caution that we're seeing is less a function of the specifics of what's going on right now. I think it's just the open-endedness, the concern about a potential downturn somewhere along the line as we get further into 2023. But again, if you go back to how we build the budget, that bottoms up, look at clients, factor in the pipeline, clearly factor in a view of the macro, and we're going to have a geographic or a client or even a business mix that's specific to us. And then we did call out a couple of places. As you know, I think we're quite direct and kind of clear about what's going on in the business, where are we taking the business. So we call that a couple of places where some things require attention and some things are having an impact as we look at the year ahead. So I would say that, that's how we got to the range the fact that the range is broader than one would see in other years is reflective of that sense of uncertainty. I think you're seeing broader ranges when companies are going out there. And I would say we're comfortable at the midpoint of that range.
David Karnovsky: Okay. And then maybe 1 for Ellen. I wanted to ask a question about longer-term margins. So as IPG pushes to become more of a higher-value solutions partner, as you guys raised it, how does that potentially impact your margin trajectory? Should we necessarily think of higher value services is translating to higher margins in addition to higher growth? Or are there other kind of considerations like specialized labor that could offset that we should consider?
Ellen Johnson: Sure. Thank you for the question. Very optimistic about the opportunity to increase our margins going forward. And I would point to, we have a long track record of doing so. I mean if you look at the past couple of years, we've increased our margins 260 basis points since 2019. So I think it's a combination of several factors. One, as you point out, I think high-value services is a continued opportunity for us. But also, I think we have a good track record of translating growth profitably into margin expansion. We manage our costs in a very disciplined way. And we're continuously looking at opportunities on business transformation. We have a large portion of our revenue in shared services. We manage our real estate portfolio centrally. So put all those things together, I do think that there is opportunity for margin expansion as we move ahead.
Philippe Krakowsky: And 1 just quick add there, David, is just that across the senior teams, whether it's corporate or any of the units, our incentives are fully aligned to that objective, right? So the plan is modestly more heavily weighted to margin than revenue. And so to our mind, that ensures that where there's growth, there's profitable growth, and that when we're in a circumstance that's got more uncertainty, we're still able to, as Ellen said, make good on that consistent record of where there's growth, we've demonstrated that we can convert it to incremental profit.
David Karnovsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Lina Ghayor with BNP Paribas. You may go ahead.
Lina Ghayor: Good morning. Philippe and Jerry. Thank you for taking my questions. I have three, please. The first one is on the guidance. Could you elaborate a tiny bit more the guidance regarding the impact of inflation on the revenue? And marginally, what shape do you expect the growth to be, for example, H1 versus H2? The second one, perhaps for Ellen on wage inflation. How much was wage inflation in '22? And what have you taken for 2023 in your assumptions? And lastly, Philippe, just to come back on your point at the beginning of your remarks, could you comment on the performance by sector? I think you mentioned telecom. Could you elaborate? And more [indiscernible] what is the attitude of your claims by sector ahead of '23? Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. That's a lot. So I guess there are 2 inflation questions. I will take the -- so in terms of inflation, vis-a-vis our growth, yes, the majority of our contracts have written into them the ability to -- as the world changes, sort of go back to clients and talk about the cost of the services that we provide to them. That's not something that triggers automatically, it requires that you enter into a conversation or ultimately kind of a negotiation with clients. So if I were to talk about what's gone into our thinking and how we build the forecast that leads to the guidance, revenue growth is primarily from growing scope with our existing clients. And we definitely believe that there is that the primary avenue for growth, the most -- the 1 that we are most keen on is growth with existing clients. So deepen the relationship, bring additional services. Then secondarily, clearly, you have the opportunity to add when there are new business opportunities and pitches. So I think that, that's really what is baked into it. And then as we've discussed, we are beginning to, in some instances, be able to go to clients with some of these services that are -- new services based on the data and the technology part of what we've been building. So I think that's 1 part of the question. And then Ellen, I'll let Ellen take the cost as it bakes into our business and then the second part and then I'll come back for your third piece on sectors.
Ellen Johnson: So as far as inflation on our cost base, we've been very transparent that there's been modest inflation in the salary line, but ones that we feel are very manageable and that will not take us off the growth trajectory on our margins nor deter us from expanding them accordingly. So that was factored into our guidance for '23 and going forward.
Philippe Krakowsky: And then I guess on sectors, so auto and transportation is strong, and we see it continuing. Health care, financial services for us, given the mix of clients that we've got in retail, that has continued to be a place where we've got quite progressive modern clients, and then the other category. As I mentioned, I think the -- a lot of the headlines and a lot of the sort of sector-specific issues that we're seeing in tech are manifesting in conversations with clients. And there, what we're seeing is clients either taking reductions or being not committing for a full year. So I think as we said, what we saw there was something that I think is -- we're seeing the impact, the duration on that is perhaps open ended. And then food and beverage for us will have the runoff of a very large industry consolidation that took place at the holding company level in late '21. And as we said, it impacted Q4 most heavily, but we'll still see some impact. So in terms of the revenue deltas, it's definitely, for us, the items that we've identified for you, which we are addressing are definitely going to impact first half, whether it's the digital agencies and where they are in their cycle of transformation as the macro becomes a bit more challenged, and then some of these client items. So for us, it's definitely - a stronger back half is very much where and how we've gotten to that guidance.
Lina Ghayor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. You may go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Good morning. Maybe just to follow up on that theme a little bit first. So Philippe, can you give us an idea of what the net new business impact is for 2023? It sounds like it's probably modestly negative. So I just want to make sure I'm piecing all that together. And I'd love to include some components of this question, which is how does kind of health care set up from a growth rate perspective in 2023 since that's such a big part of the revenue mix? And R/GA and Huge, it sounds like those will be drags this year. Historically, they've kind of been some real superstar agencies for IPG. So I guess, how do you kind of think about the journey of these digitally native agencies? Is it still an area of investment? And how do they kind of fit in the portfolio going forward?
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. Look, I think you're right. They're premium providers. It's a largely project-based business, which is -- I think both of those, a premium provider uncertain macro project-based business. Again, projects showed up in Q4 for us at a very solid level. I'd say in line with overall Q4 growth. Experiential was strong. PR was maybe a bit below the segment growth, but the digital projects that you would see at those very high-end agencies, we're definitely not at the levels they were weak. And so I think that every 3 to 5 years, these agencies need to kind of reinvent and reconfigure because they are, to your point, at the leading edge. But I think that in the current environment, that's where we find ourselves with them. PS, they're also probably more exposed to tech than many of our businesses. So we've seen client attrition and lower growth there. And Huge has pretty clear line of sight into what their new value proposition is, and that will be going in the market probably towards the end of the first quarter here. So they've also been because of the strength that you call out, tying them more into whether it's open architecture or whether it's the kind of the overall data stack that we've built is clearly something that we need to focus on. So it may be that long-term success. And a measure of independence is something that is going to need to be addressed. And then on the question around new business, again, we now see new business in the big media pitches and then in some of the more traditional parts of the business probably the creative ad agencies and some degree, PR. We don't see the new business within health very much. And then a lot of what's going on, as I said, has become project specific. So I'd say we are going into the year exactly, as you said, with a modest headwind. And then was there 1 piece of the question that I'm forgetting at this point? And then health. I think we see health at scale now, having put these assets together. And as we said, trailing very, very strong performance, doing high single digit in the quarter. That's probably consistent with what they did for the year, and that's consistent with the expectation that we have for them as we go into '23.
Steven Cahall: Great. And then maybe just a short follow-up for Ellen. Working capital was a big use in '22 I think it was favorable in '21. I know the timing of the year can be a strange line to draw on the sand, but should we expect it to then be back to probably a benefit in '23?
Ellen Johnson: So as we've pointed out, working capital is volatile. Whether you get paid on the 31st to the first, you're right, when you print your balance sheet and cash flow makes a big difference. It is something that we spent a lot of time and have a lot of discipline around and carefully manage. And if you go back over the past 4 years, I think we've generated a billion in working capital. So I would expect going forward, it will normalize. But you're right. In any 1 year, you can get an aberration.
Steven Cahall: Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. You may go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thank you. Good morning, Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: How are you?
Michael Nathanson: I am good. How are you? I want to ask you about the RafterOne acquisition. I believe it's the biggest deal since Acxiom. If you go back to the history of the company, it's probably 1 of the biggest deals we've seen, right? So can you talk a little bit more about the necessity to do it, the multiples of skill sets and whether or not like this is the beginning and it's not like we take but the beginning of maybe more tuck-in acquisitions like that. And then Ellen, given the FX volatility, what's your thinking on the year ahead for FX and any impact from acquisitions and investments to revenue this year? Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I think that's really -- I mean it's very apt observation, right? I can definitely speak to RafterOne and what it is about them and why, right? So to our mind, a very strong asset in a very specific space that is growing very fast, right? So obviously, Salesforce as a platform means a lot more to more of our clients. So they're ascendant. And then for the dollars that go into a major sales force implementation, there's a multiple, there's that goes to the service providers. So that's a -- there's a large service economy around that, and we're very strong in Adobe. And to us, we were building that Salesforce capability, started working with this company as a partner got to know them. And it was actually preemptive on our part because I don't know that their ownership was -- their owners were necessarily thinking that this was a moment in time at which they would trade the asset. But from where we sit, tech implementation, direct-to-consumer work, the internal platform services group that we've created so that we are bringing kind of bigger presence into those kinds of engagements. So I think Salesforce -- I mean, RafterOne is 500 experts, I think 800 or 900 certifications and both B2B and B2C expertise. But I think what you said that's very accurate is that we're a bigger company by a fair bit as of the last 3 years. So you used to think of us as doing tuck-ins, and they were quite small, and they were much more sort of agency like. And to our mind, I think we want to concentrate that buying power and then focus on these areas where what you've got is sort of a hybrid of marketing expertise, some measure of creativity against an emerging channel and then some piece of what they do, which brings some technology expertise. So I think you probably will see us do fewer and scale-wise, they'll have gotten bigger. What tuck-in means will be, I think, more like this.
Ellen Johnson: And with regards to FX, '22 was a larger impact than what we typically see. It was negative 3% on revenue growth and actually 20 basis points on margin. For the most part, our revenue expenses if you historically are pretty well matched. And so going forward, we're expecting based on what the rates are today, a flat impact on revenue and a de minimis impact on margin.
Michael Nathanson: Ellen, can I follow up? I remember asking you when you started about that question about margin. Why was your drag on margin from that tax this year? I think you answered previously, what was a much difference. So what happened this year on margin that didn't happen in the past?
Ellen Johnson: It was more an impact of what happened in the currency markets, right? If you look at '22, the currency markets moved more than they historically do. But for the very vast majority of our businesses, revenue and expenses are matched by currency and we -- that was probably the largest impact we've seen in a very long time, and we do not expect that type of impact at all going forward.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tim Nollen with Macquarie. You may go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Hi. Thanks very much. Could I ask a couple of cost-related questions, please. If my math is right, your $20 million in real estate savings equates to about 30 basis points of margin. Is that the kind of scope of upside we could expect in 2023? And maybe an offset to that or maybe a boon to that, I don't know, would be any comments you could make on staff. I heard your comment on managing the staff cost inflation versus the revenue growth. It sounds like you guys maybe net might still be hiring rather than reducing staff. And there's a lot of talent now available from all these layoffs and lots of other companies. I'm just wondering what you could say about your expectations in terms of staffing levels and growth in cost this year? Thanks.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. Maybe I'll start with your second question first. We always -- hiring always lags revenue growth. And so where -- we are forecasting growth for next year and underneath growth, we will hire responsibly in a disciplined fashion. Conversely, when we have contractions, we take actions. As far as the real estate, I think your math is a little bit aggressive on the 30 basis points. And the $20 million that we noted on the call will happen over more than 1 year. You need to sublease some of the properties in order to realize the full benefit. But we're very optimistic about the numbers we put out there, we feel really good that we've taken another look and really have been able to optimize our real estate portfolio. Like I mentioned, it's a very centralized process and the way we manage it here and we've really taken the learnings that we've had over the last couple of years and then the pride in a way to become more efficient.
Tim Nollen: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jason Bazinet with Citi. You may go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: I had a quick question in terms of the macro. In terms of the macro uncertainty, is there anything that you would call out in terms of either higher or lower risk profile as it relates to account reviews? It just doesn't seem like it's been as active as I would have thought, but I'd love any color that you have.
Philippe Krakowsky: That's an interesting question and a fair one, right, because we've all been assuming that there was going to be a backlog going all the way back to pandemic. Understandable that there were fewer, but everybody sort of waited for the floodgates to open. And I think '21 was -- there was just a great deal of opportunity growing with your existing clients, doing more of the kind of new services that we have been building for some period of time. The word is that there likely will be, as I said, scale reviews these days tend to come in media and then to some extent in health care. But at the moment, it's more kind of in the murmurs than the reality. But we'll obviously all know, I mean the - our folks on the ground at agencies are growth leader here at the center are all saying that they believe that it will begin to pick up steam. But right now, I don't have a ton of hard data that says that's the case.
Jason Bazinet: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And that was our last question. I will now turn it back to Philippe for any final thoughts.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Sue. Thank you all for the time and the interest. We're looking forward to the year. We've got a lot of work to do, and we'll keep you posted as we go. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may disconnect at this time.+

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Thank you. Good morning. I hope youre all well. This morning, we are joined by our CEO, Philippe Krakowsky; and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. We plan to begin our call with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9.30 Eastern Time. Wed like to remind you that during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful, supplemental data, that while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. To better align with the language in our financial statements, we will use the term revenue before billable expenses, as well as the more familiar net revenue interchangeably. They are identical measures and there has been no change to the method of calculation. As you will recall, billable expenses in revenue are offset dollar for dollar in our operating expenses and therefore have no effect on our results of operations. We will also refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties and the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release, and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point it is my pleasure to turn things over to Philippe Krakowsky.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Jerry, and thanks for joining us this morning. I hope you're all keeping well. As usual, I'll start out by covering the highlights of our performance in the quarter and the nine months. Ellen will then provide additional details and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies and the tone of the business, to be followed by your questions. We're pleased to report a strong third quarter and nine months. Third quarter organic growth was 5.6%. That's on top of a very strong 15% growth a year ago, and it brings our three-year organic growth stack over the period of COVID to 16.9% in the third quarter. Over the first nine months of the year, our organic growth was 8.2% on top of 12% a year ago, which brings three-year growth to 15.7% for the first nine months. Those three-year numbers continue to lead the industry. We once again posted growth across our US and international markets. Domestically, organic growth for the quarter was 4.4% on top of 14.7% in last year's third quarter, and organic growth in our international markets was 7.8%, highlighted by growth in every region of the world and that was on top of 15.4% growth a year ago. Our growth in the quarter was also broad-based across our portfolio whether viewed by segments, agencies or marketing disciplines. Each of our segments compound double-digit growth a year ago. Our media, data and engagement solutions segment grew 3.8% organically, which adds to 15.9% growth last year. Performance here was led by double-digit increases at IPG Mediabrands, while two of our digital specialist agencies decreased from a year ago, and are weighing significantly on the segment. At our integrated advertising and creative led segment, organic growth was 6.7% on top of 12.8% growth last year, and we had growth in all of our largest agencies with clear leadership again, this quarter by IPG Health, followed by McCann Worldgroup. In our specialized communications and experiential segment, organic growth was 7.8%, highlighted by double-digit growth in our experiential solutions across Jack Morton, Octagon, as well as Momentum, along with solid single-digit increases in the public relations discipline. This result builds on the 18.5% growth in the segment that we saw last year. Across client sectors, our growth in the quarter was led by health care, retail, financial services, our other sector of industrial and public sector clients and our auto sector. Turning to operating expenses and margin. Our results again continue to reflect the strong cost discipline, exercised by our operating teams, as well as our ongoing investment behind key growth areas. As you know, our comparisons to last year reflect the ins and outs of the pandemic, so we continue to drive margins at levels that are well above seasonally comparable pre-COVID periods. Net income in the quarter was $251.8 million as reported. Our adjusted EBITA was $356.2 million, resulting in net revenue margin of 15.5%. As expected, that's below last year's third quarter, when our growth had accelerated at a rate that was well ahead of hiring and when certain variable expenses were still at low levels, due to the effects of the pandemic. Compared to a year ago and under our organic growth of 9.1% over the trailing 12 months, headcount has grown approximately 7%. Variable expenses have recovered to higher levels as well as we've resumed travel and return to office in far greater numbers. Our diluted earnings per share in the quarter was $0.64 as reported and $0.63 as adjusted for intangibles amortization, restructuring adjustments, and our net dispositions. Under our share repurchase program, we authorized earlier this year we repurchased 2.6 million shares in the quarter. We're gratified that our ability to deliver marketing and media solutions, which bring together creativity, technology, and data continue to drive growth with existing clients as well as new client wins. The growth you're seeing is driven largely by these very relevant capabilities, which can solve for an expanding set of marketer needs for more precise, personalized, and accountable engagements with their audiences at an individual level. The strength of our company is bringing talented people together in our client-centric model to create customized solutions that meet these higher order client needs whether those engagements are led by one of our powerful agency brands or through a collaborative IPG Open Architecture team. These strong and relevant offerings are important for our long-term future as well as at this moment of heightened macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty. The current environment is making visibility more challenging. But given our strong year-to-date performance, we are upgrading our expectation for organic growth for the full year to 7%. With growth at that level, we expect to achieve adjusted EBITA margin of 16.6%. Notwithstanding this update to our outlook, we are seeing a more challenging macro environment going forward. On a question following our last call, you'll remember that I mentioned some clients were asking us to help them scenario plan and think about how they might best redeploy media and marketing investments in the event of a downturn. The majority of our clients are now asking us to engage in this kind of contingency planning, prioritization of activity, and a focus on actions that will drive performance in sales. To a lesser degree, we are also seeing some deferrals of digital project work. Historically, we know that marketers that continue to invest through the cycle come out ahead in the long run with measurable gains in market share and growth. These days that's a conversation that's ongoing with many of our clients who also know that given the duration of past downturns, reductions are generally short-lived. At IPG, our differentiated resources of creative and marketing talent, data and technology, as well as outstanding agency brands along with our diversified and flexible business model and proven management teams position us well. You can expect that we will hold true to our history of managing effectively even in more challenging times, while also continuing to invest in and advance our offerings for success in an increasingly digital economy. We are of course staying close to our clients and to our people. And on that note, I'd like to close this part of my remarks by recognizing and thanking our people for their focus and their work on behalf of clients in support of each other and also for their engagement on the many vital societal issues that are consistent with our culture and values. So, at this point, I'm going to hand the call over to Ellen for a more in-depth view of our results.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. I hope that everyone is well. I would like to join Philippe in the recognition of our people and add my thanks to them. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. On slide two, our increase in total revenue, which includes billable expenses, was 3.8%. Our third quarter revenue before billable expenses net revenue increased 1.5% and organic growth was 5.6%. We grew organically across all regions. The three-year organic stack in the quarter through the pandemic period is 16.9%, which demonstrates a historically strong momentum. Third quarter adjusted EBITA was $356.2 million with margin of 15.5% on net revenue. Diluted earnings per share was $0.64 as reported and $0.63 as adjusted. Adjustments exclude the after-tax impacts of the amortization of acquired intangibles a restructuring adjustment and a non-operating gain from dispositions of certain small agencies and a business investment. We repurchased 2.6 million of our common shares during the quarter worth $73.7 million bringing share repurchases to 7.1 million through the first nine months of the year. Turning to slide three to see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. On slide four, we present net revenue in more detail. Our net revenue was $2.26 billion in the third quarter of 2021. Compared to Q3 2021, the impact of the change in exchange rates was negative 3.6% with the dollar stronger against currencies in nearly all of our international markets. The impact of net divestitures of certain small non-strategic businesses was negative 50 basis points. Our organic increase was 5.6%. The result was net revenue of $2.3 billion in this year's third quarter. Further down the slide, we break out segment net revenue performance. Our media, data engagement solutions segment grew 3.8% organically on top of 15.9% in the third quarter of 2021. As you can see on this slide, the segment is comprised of IPG Mediabrands, Acxiom, Kinesso and our digital specialist agency. At one end of the spectrum, IPG Mediabrands grew at a double-digit rate organically. While the other ends we experienced softness at R/GA and Huge, which weighed on our results both at the segment and IPG level. Organic growth at our integrated advertising and creatively led solutions segment was 6.7%, which was on top of 12.8% a year ago. As a reminder, this segment is comprised of IPG Health, McCann MullenLowe, FCB and our domestic integrated agencies. Our growth in the quarter was led by a strong increase at IPG Health, and solid growth at McCann. At our specialized communications and experiential solutions segment, organic growth was 7.8%, which compounds 18.5% in last year's third quarter. This segment is comprised of Weber Shandwick, Golin Jack Morton, Momentum, Octagon and DXTRA Health. We were led by double-digit increases in our experiential solutions and had mid-single-digit growth in our PR discipline. Slide 5 presents an organic change of net revenue by region. In the US, which was 66% of net revenue in the quarter, our organic increase was 4.4%. That is on top of 14.7% a year ago and was driven by disciplines and agencies, across the range of our offerings. We were led by IPG Health, IPG Mediabrands, Mediahub, Jack Morton and Momentum. International markets were 34% of our net revenue in the quarter and increased 7.8% organically. That is on top of 15.4% a year ago. Continental Europe increased 4.7%. We were led by growth across brands Italy, Spain and the Netherlands. Germany was down slightly in the quarter on top of 13% growth a year ago. The UK increased 4.9% organically. Our performance was led by media, experiential and IPG Health. Asia Pac grew 5.6% organically, with broad-based growth across our largest markets, including Australia, India, Singapore and China. Our organic growth in LatAm continued to be strong at 19.8%, which it's worth noting is on top of 20% growth a year ago. We grew across all of our principal markets, which include Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, Chile and Colombia. Our Other Markets group, which is made up of Canada, the Middle East and Africa grew 10.6%. We were led by double-digit growth in the Middle East and solid growth in Canada. Moving on to slide 6, and our operating expenses. Our adjusted EBITA margin on net revenue was 15.5% in the quarter, which as expected decreased from 16.3% a year ago. You'll recall that, last year's margin benefited from several transitory effects, which were due to both the sharp acceleration of revenue growth during 2021, and to the impact of the pandemic on certain operating expenses, which caused them to run at unusually low levels. These expenses include travel, meetings, and in-office work. You'll also recall that, our hiring significantly lagged behind our top line growth last year. I would point out that, our Q3 adjusted EBITA margin is well above the pre-pandemic third quarter of 2019, which was 14.7%. This slide depicts our principal expenses as a percent to net revenue this year and last year. As you can see, our ratio of total salaries and related expense as a percentage of net revenue was 67.4% in the quarter compared to 66.8% a year ago. Underneath the SRS result, we delivered  delivered on our expense for base payroll, benefits and tax, due to the hiring that is required to support our 9.1% organic growth over the trailing 12 months. Headcount increased approximately 7% over the same period. Going the other way, our expense for temporary labor decreased from a year ago, and our expense for performance-based employee incentive compensation also decreased significantly. At quarter end, our total worldwide headcount was approximately 58,500. Also, on this slide, our office and other direct expense was 14.3% of net revenue compared to 13.3% a year ago. We continue to leverage our expense for occupancy, which was 4.8% of revenue an improvement of 20 basis points from a year ago. All other office and other direct expense was 9.5% of net revenue compared with 8.3% a year ago. The comparison reflects the return of variable expenses that I referred to earlier as a result of increased levels of business activities so not fully up to pre-pandemic levels. Our SG&A expense was 0.8% of net revenue, a decrease of 60 basis points from a year ago. On slide 7 we present the detail on adjustments to our reported third quarter results in order to provide a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left-hand side with our reported results and steps through to adjusted EBITA and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles in the second quarter was $20.2 million. Our restructuring adjustment was a $5.8 million credit which here we have adjusted out of our results. Below operating expenses and shown in column five we had a net gain of $15 million due to the disposition of a few small non-strategic agencies and a business investment. At the foot of the slide you can see the after-tax impact per diluted share of each of these adjustments, which bridges our diluted EPS as reported at $0.64 to adjusted earnings of $0.63 per diluted share. Slide 8 depicts a similar set of adjustments for the nine months again for continuity and comparability. Adjusted diluted earnings per share is $1.73 for the period. On slide 9, we turn to cash flow in the quarter. Cash provided by operations was $65.6 million. Cash used for working capital was $276.1 million. Operating cash flow before working capital was $341.7 million. As a reminder, our operating cash flow is both highly seasonal as well as volatile by quarter due to changes in the working capital component. This is largely a function of the variability and the timing of our collections and payments. In our investing activities we used $36.4 million mainly for CapEx partially offset by the sale of a business investment. Our financing activities in the quarter is $209.8 million primarily for our common stock dividend and share repurchases. Our net decrease in cash for the quarter was $211 million and our cash position at quarter end was $1.77 billion. Slide 10 is the current portion of our balance sheet. Slide 11 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt. As you can see on the schedule, total debt at quarter end remained at $3 billion. Our next maturity is April 2024 for only $250 million. Thereafter, our next maturity is not until 2028. Gross financial debt to EBITA as defined in our credit facility covenant was 1.7 times at quarter end. In summary on slide 12, our teams continue to execute at a high level and have us well positioned to deliver on our updated expectations for the year. I would like to reiterate our pride in and gratitude for the efforts of our people. The strength of our balance sheet and liquidity means that we remain well-positioned both financially and commercially. And with that, I'll turn it back to Philippe. 
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Ellen. Our growth thus far this year builds on a record of success that goes back some time, and embedding digital across the portfolio as well as adding a layer of data and tech to our offerings have been important parts of that playbook along with our commitment to talent and strong agency brands. Now the convergence of media and entertainment with the impact of technology on the retail sector is leading to another major growth opportunity for brands. And that's the evolving world of commerce and direct-to-consumer business models. To-date, we've been successful in helping our clients creating engaging and effective customer experiences across a range of physical and digital environments. During the quarter, we took another important step along this journey when we announced our acquisition of RafterOne. The company is a leading Salesforce implementation partner that works with marketers and brands to deliver personalized content that engages and converts in a measurable, precise and repeatable way across a range of marketing technology channels. With over 25 years of experience building digital journeys for clients and with more than 500 employees RafterOne is a Salesforce Summit Partner and that's the highest tier awarded to implementation partners. By bringing IPG and RafterOne together we're significantly enhancing our commerce capabilities on a key marketing technology platform in both the B2C and B2B Salesforce cloud. Now RafterOne will continue to work independently with their own roster of clients as well as work directly with IPG agencies, bringing specialized commerce capabilities whether that's in strategy, service, data or CX implementation to clients across our entire portfolio. Commerce and other forms of business transformation work can be a significant growth driver for us going forward and the addition of RafterOne is an important step in rounding out our offerings in this space. Turning to highlights of performance across the group in the quarter, a key sector that continues to show strength is healthcare. Reputationally, we continue to be the leader in this dynamic sector. IPG Health won Healthcare Network of the Year in 2022 MM+M Awards. Collectively, our agencies took home 23 wins across 21 categories, making us the industry's most awarded network. During the quarter we launched IPG Health Medical Communications, which aligns eight agencies to create what we believe is the industry's most comprehensive and interconnected medcomms offering. And this type of specialized offering available to all of our healthcare clients is precisely the kind of benefit that we foresaw when we launched IPG Health just a little over a year ago. Importantly, the company's thought leadership and creative recognition also converted into growth as IPG Health continued to win new business and grow with existing clients including AstraZeneca, Pfizer, Teva and Boehringer Ingelheim. IPG Health was also a key part of a successful integrated media consolidation with Merck. In Mediabrands, we continue to see a high degree of engagement with many of the world's most sophisticated marketers. During the quarter we onboarded new clients including Nike, and expanded our relationships with Merck and Teva. Last week Mediabrands shared the fourth iteration of its Media Responsibility Index, which is proprietary research on the relative safety and fairness of media platforms. And this helps our clients make their media planning decisions in ways that are responsive to issues such as dis- and misinformation. Notably, we also promoted Eileen Kiernan, who is exceptionally client-focused and strategic naming her Global CEO of IPG Mediabrands. In this regard Eileen becomes the first female leader of a major media management group in the industry. Staying in the media space, as we see travel continue to bounce back, Celebrity Cruises just selected Mediahub as its media agency of record for North America. Acxiom played a significant role in this win as the teams will develop custom audiences through addressable media to power this client's highly personalized marketing efforts. During the quarter, Acxiom garnered recognition as a Great Place to Work with Fast Company naming it as one of the best workplaces for innovators and Fortune naming the company a best workplace in technology and a best workplace for women. As Ellen indicated, the performance of two of our specialist digital agencies has been challenged as a result of the macroeconomic uncertainty that we're seeing. Both of these agencies are in the midst of evolving their premium offerings, which is a requirement to stay ahead in their space. When it comes to the strength of our brands in the creative advertising space, McCann, FCB and MullenLowe continue to distinguish themselves. During the quarter, we announced a new global CEO from McCann, Daryl Lee, who has a remarkable breadth of experience that spans all facets of our industry and the full range of IPG. As such, Daryl is extremely well positioned to advance the success of the network and drive it to further achieve its ambition, which is to be the global leader of creativity that drives growth for clients. We saw several wins in the quarter at McCann including Beefeater Gin, McArthurGlen design outlets and Hankook Tire. The global Effie Effectiveness Index, named McCann Worldgroup, the most effective agency network for the fourth year running. And McCann was also named Network of the Year by the Gerety Awards, where an all-female jury rewards the highest standard of creative excellence in advertising and communication. At FCB, the creative network won new assignments with existing global clients including Kimberly-Clark, Clorox and AB InBev. And FCB's Global Chair and Chief Creative Officer was honored by the AEF, the ANA Educational Foundation with the Inspire Award recognizing her commitment to education and inspiring young talent as it makes its way into our industry. MullenLowe Group saw a number of new business wins in the UK market, winning the Co-op retail chain as well as Morgan Stanley, Value Retail and the Tic-Tac and Nutella candy brands. MullenLowe continued to be recognized as one of the industry's most creatively effective networks as well for the 11th year in a row was the top-ranked network scored dollar for dollar in the Effie Effectiveness Index. And during the quarter we also created a new integrated agency called iX, which is based in London to handle global, creative, strategy and advertising for new client Bentley Motors. Our agencies that specialize in live events continued their strong return to growth. The industry is seeing budgets shift from more traditional marketing for the kinds of engaging experiences that allow consumers to build emotional connections and lasting relationships with brands, often connecting the physical and digital space. And having three of the industries premier, global, sports and brand experience companies within our organization is a point of differentiation for Interpublic. Notable highlights in the quarter here and Octagon included the creation and management of Coca-Cola's, FIFA World Cup Trophy Tour, as well as a nationwide campaign highlighting the Home Depot's, 20th season sponsoring ESPN's College GameDay. Octagon and R&CPMK also worked with our Amazon client to kick off a campaign celebrating the launch of Thursday Night Football on Prime Video, and the athlete representation group within Octagon, negotiated an MLB record-breaking contract extension for Julio Rodrguez, with the Seattle Mariners, making it the largest in baseball history. At Jack Morton, we saw significant wins with clients like McKesson, Siemens, Intel, Cigna, Riot Games and McDonald's. The agency produced the Cadillac-US Open sponsorship at the US Tennis Center and brought to life several major events for the first time since the pandemic began, including auto shows, large retail activations and wellness conferences. At Momentum, the network was named Adweek's experiential agency of the year and brought Jimmy Fallon's, Tonight Show to Fortnite. Among our public relations firms, Golin won AOR duties for West Monroe, a Chicago-headquartered digital services firm. And the agency was also named as PR agency in the UK for Specsavers, the optical retail chain. While at Weber Shandwick new business included Bud Hero in North America and working alongside future brand and Jack Morton, as part of the DXTRA Health team Weber was awarded a significant brand launch by life sciences company PerkinElmer. Our US independence during the quarter, the Martin Agency stood out as it extended its run of new business by winning Santander, LegalShield, Bud Light NEXT, Bud Light Seltzer. Deutsche LA won Strava the number one, app for runners and cyclists and Carmichael Lynch, onboarded a new client in Hostess for our public relations remit. When it comes to our ESG programs, we continue to make notable progress during the quarter. We named our first Chief Sustainability Officer. We announced a new process for evaluating energy and fuel clients. And we once again released our domestic workforce data, which is a transparency commitment IPG established and has now become an industry standard. Our ongoing work in this area speaks to our commitment to embrace issues that are important not just to our people and our planet, but to our clients and other key stakeholders. For the year, we remain in a positive position from a net new business standpoint. Our net new business pipeline continues to be sound. Activity in new business does seem to be increasing, as we head into the new year. Despite a more challenging macroeconomic environment, as you've seen, our expectation is given our strong performance through the first nine months, we are upgrading our view to organic growth for the full year to 7%. As you know, this compounds multiyear sector outperformance. And current results combined with the continued execution of our long-term strategy, should remain significant drivers for sustained value creation going forward. Of course, given the macro, we're going to stay committed to sound financial fundamentals as Ellen was mentioning, and that's allowed us to grow our dividend for 11 consecutive years. And we are also committed to continuing our strong share repurchase program. We're confident as well that the investments in talent and capabilities we continue to make, position IPG well for the future with highly relevant and differentiated offerings, underpinned by the sound financial foundation and a strong balance sheet. As always, we want to thank our clients and our people who are both essential elements of our success and thank you, as well, for your time this morning. And at this point, let's open the call for questions. 
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. You may go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe first, Philippe, could you talk a little more about the deferral of the digital project revenue you talked about? Is this a lot of the project revenue that often comes in in the fourth quarter, or is this more of a kind of longer-term comment, reflecting the way clients are doing some of that contingency planning for 2023? And relatedly, when your clients talk about contingency planning and you see them maybe pulling back a little bit in 2023, do you think they're just shifting the way they go to market, or is that more of a sort of material slowdown in what they might spend on marketing? And then, I have a quick follow-up for Ellen. 
Philippe Krakowsky: I think, it's the shifting. I think it's just -- as I said, it's being prepared and having both line of sight into, how you're going to prioritize and where you're going to invest in order to drive performance. Given the macro, I think that on the project side it is -- I think it's a fourth quarter comment more than anything else. I think, what you are seeing is that it's wanting to retain some optionality. So my sense I think is that, we won't necessarily have clarity or full commitment on some of those projects until a bit deeper into the quarter than we usually would. And so, yes, I don't think we're talking about something that is -- it's a long-term trend. It's just a function of the current uncertainty.
Steven Cahall: Yes, makes sense. And then Ellen, it sure seems like the stock is not reflecting some of the strength in the business. I've got it at about 10 times earnings. You've got a really healthy balance sheet. I don't think there's much in terms of maturity until 2028. So, how do you and I guess, Philippe and the Board sort of feel about leaning more aggressively into the buyback now in a period of uncertainty as opposed to waiting until a period of rebound?
Ellen Johnson: Good morning Thank you for the question. We believe in our equity before the sell-off. So -- but we are very disciplined. We have a program that we execute against. We actively manage it, but it's a program. And so, I think we'll stick with it, but definitely believe in the value of our shares.
Steven Cahall: Great. Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. You may go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Hi. Thank you. Just following-up on the commentary about clients' engagement scenario planning, Philippe can you just walk through a little bit more what that process looks like? Are clients looking to put kind of wholesale pauses into the motion in case the macro certainly gets worse, or is this more about shifting brand into performance or building a lot more flexibility to adjust across channels?
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, look, I think it's everything that you said, and it really depends on where in our world we're having the discussion, right? But, it's -- flexibility is a very big part of it at this point. And then, understanding the implications of the decisions you make and ultimately as I said, if it's a client where we're the adviser and the consultant on the media side of things then it does focus on where and how they're going to redeploy. If it's an Open Architecture client where we're working with them in a really broad macro sense then we might dial up certain capabilities knowing that we're heading into this moment in time. So, it's very kind of case dependent. And within some client categories are feeling it to a greater degree than others. I mean, I'd sort of point out that where the macro is impacting is, clients who are particularly exposed to the changes that we're seeing. So, if high interest rates impact your business, if commodity input costs impact your business then you're thinking this through. So there isn't one answer, but I think it's around that set of conversations just making the most informed decisions and getting the mix between brand and performance and up and down the funnel, and actually linking those two increasingly and keeping some optionality, as I said earlier.
David Karnovsky: Okay. And then, Philippe you noted continued strength in healthcare. Can you remind us of your clients' put there in terms of sort of large pharma versus biotech? And then, just with biotech, how should we think about maybe the medium-term outlook just given some of the kind of pressure that sector has seen in the public markets, or is it clients' own pipeline just really removed from the macro? Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. I mean in health, I'd sort of point out a couple of things. So, we're fortunate in that, we are very, very well represented among the largest players in the space. IPG Health clearly is - been a focus by the nature of what we've just done a year ago and how we've put that together. But it's been a long-term investment that has led to that growth for us, right? And then, there are trends -- underlying trends that are clearly tailwinds to all of that. We have some biotech, but we've got a very balanced portfolio. I'd say that specific to biotech have we seen the market dislocation have some impact on funding there? Sure. But is that something that's having a significant impact from where we sit given the breadth of what we do? Not really. And then beyond IPG Health, there's sizable health business inside of Mediabrands, inside of marketing services, PR is very strong in that regard DXTRA Health, where we're bringing a lot of the marketing services agencies together. So that continues to feel to us like it's an area that's going to be pretty resilient.
David Karnovsky: Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. You may go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. Philippe, I have two. One is it feels to us that the macro in Europe and the U.K. is obviously going to get worse through the winter. I wonder is the tone of business discussions different by geography there? So maybe talk about in terms of where are the questions are coming about budgets, Security to Europe. And then given the potential for slowdown in those markets, what are you doing on the cost side to initially plan where I know it's hard to -- if you had to take people out of capacity as it's slower. But what are you doing in thinking about just planning for budget expenses in 2023 and the growth of budget for 2023? Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: The impact definitely is not only disparate when you think about client sectors but you can see it in our results where we've got a really strong LatAm, Asia Pac, other markets, although everything does grow, every region was up. So there isn't a holistic answer that tells you what happens in each of those markets. Although clearly economically you have to assume that that's a region that's going to be heading into something before the rest of the world or maybe heading into something that other parts of the world don't experience. On the cost side we are very clear and we've been really consistent as to all of the ways in, which we can address those issues. So, whether you think about the fact that the model is flexible and that's clearly beneficial. Whether you think about the fact that you do approach some of those markets with the understanding that the underlying -- the ways in which you bring people on, and the ways in which you think about staffing are different in those markets just based on the local laws. And so we're very, very focused and disciplined around open reqs as we see change or more uncertainty in the macro and that's consistent across the board anywhere we operate. We look very hard at discretionary expenses. And clearly some of that has come back into the business in a way that I think is beneficial, because travel has meant seeing clients and getting together with colleagues. And some of those costs have also been around teams being together, which is important as we develop new capabilities. So we'll look at those. Freelance is another place we'll look. Our incentive plan by its nature is going to be a governor on some of that. But it definitely has our attention and it's just going to require execution. So there isn't a one size fits all, but Europe is definitely an area of focus for us.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thanks Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Next is Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe just shifting away from the macro for a minute, unless you want to keep talking about it.
Philippe Krakowsky: Everybody else seems to.
Ben Swinburne: Right, exactly. On RafterOne and that business broadly Philippe, I know calling them system integrators is probably -- that's probably an old and limiting definition versus what they do today. But can you just talk about your strategy there and how big is that business? Any sense of the size and profitability of that business not RafterOne per se, but the entire IPG set of service offerings in what we might call software services, software integration. It would be interesting to hear. And I'd be also interested on experiential and sponsorship, which you highlighted a bunch of successes at Octagon and Momentum. That's an area where I would agree it seems like there's some secular growth. Is that an area you think the company may want to get bigger in organically or inorganically over time? I'd be interested on both those topics. Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. And I think commerce is an interesting one. I mean, you said software and obviously there's a technology layer at Acxiom, and then there's what we're doing with data and tech with media. So it's not by any means the only place where we've got businesses that are services plus a service -- a software layer of some kind. But on commerce I guess, I mean just breaking it down there's D2C part where clients need our help with everything from the design of a site, the build of a site, the content creation, the CRM piece and then business processes, because you often really have all the way down to payment transactional stuff. And for us the leader in that space has been MRM. So they excel in those areas. And so to our mind RafterOne meaningfully bolsters that offering. Then there's the marketplace side and so that's where we optimize media. We do SEO. We leverage social commerce and you're doing a lot of message amplification and you're finding places where you intersect with the consumer. And then that for us sits inside of Reprise Commerce. So that's a big part of the story for us there. So those are two sizable places where we've housed a lot of that capability. And it all comes together on this umbrella of IPG Commerce. And then what we do is we activate a company like ChaseDesign for in-store campaigns, or as you said a momentum for promotions and activations. But we also have specialist agencies and influencer management. For example, you have paid placements. And another big piece of it is going to be retail media. And so we're very active. You saw MAGNA put out a -- how big is this? How big is it going to get? And I think it's net going to be a growth area for brands and therefore for people who provide advisory services. So we kind of draw that from a number of our agencies. And then that's kind of the martech side of it. But when you follow the consumer along the purchase journey and you're going awareness purchase, but you're also going loyalty lifetime customer value then you wanted to play into Acxiom and the data that's there and you want to decide where and how you get martech and ad tech working together. So that's why I said we see it as a really big opportunity for us. And then on the experiential piece, when the pandemic hit, we scoped that for you all to say circa maybe a little bit shy of 5% of our revenue. And the world closed. So that was clearly a very difficult time for them. But we see that as something that is a differentiator for us collectively those assets. And the question for us is to get them more focused on where clients are going which is ROI and accountability and the digital component building out digital into -- and with those organizations, we think is going to make the nature of what they do more precise and more accountable. It's also a really interesting place to talk to clients about using all of that activity as a way to onboard first-party data about your customers in a way that's very, very transparent and therefore very, very compliant. So we do think that that's an area where there's the opportunity for growth for us.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Julien Roch with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes. Good morning, Philippe and Ellen. Thank you very much for taking the question. Two, one for Ellen and one for Philippe. Ellen on net interest both Publicis and Omnicom said that that was fixed so no impact on interest expenses, while either higher interest met more interest income. What about IPG, same i.e. lower net interest? Could you quantify it? You have $1.8 billion of cash. Yield on cash went from zero to four, so $64 million benefits? And then Philippe, some agencies are saying that in case of a downturn some advertisers have learned their lessons from last couple of downturns and therefore we cut less. However, a recent survey from the World Federation of Advertisers polling 55 of the world's largest advertisers conclude that the economy will be the main driver of the budget next year for 74% of them, which would indicate they intend to cut the same. So if we go into a global recession next year, do you believe that advertisers would cut as in the past, or will they behave differently? Thank you.
Ellen Johnson: So I will start and thank you for the question. Good morning. Yes. As someone pointed out earlier, we do have a very strong balance sheet and lots of liquidity and we do sit with cash. We actively manage our cash maximizing interest income. We also have a very nice maturity profile with all fixed rate debt. So yes, I do believe it's a benefit. We can follow back up with you with some quantification, but it's something that all items on our balance sheet and liquidity we put a lot of time and energy and manage it very carefully.
Philippe Krakowsky: The bigger question, as I said in the prepared comments, it is a conversation that's ongoing with the vast majority of our clients. There is an understanding and an acknowledgment that there's a meaningful benefit to staying the course. We don't break this out for you, but our top 20 -- or say our top 40 clients have been growing consistent with the overall growth of the company, although there are lots of ins and outs, because as I said if you've got certain factors that are impacting your business or your business model disproportionately. And it's interesting because even supply chain we were talking about at the very beginning of the year with all of you and we said we don't see it -- we don't think it's in the conversations with clients. It might be later in the year and there are one or two categories where it's come into the conversation with clients. So I do believe that clients understand it and so it will be a function of where they sit, if their company has the wherewithal to move through the period and stay invested. And then the other thing that we've also talked about is the tools available to clients and the ways in which we and some of our competitors have capabilities that can move much further down into the funnel or can do -- as the question earlier alluded to can do work that connect brand and performance. So it really is dependent on how significant a downturn would we be looking at and whether people are in a position to do something that they know will benefit them in the long-term or whether they might have to take some action -- kind of corrective action to get through a period that might be more challenging for them.
Julien Roch: Okay. Very clear. Thank you very much.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. Our next question is from Tim Nollen with Macquarie. You may go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Good morning, everyone. Thanks a lot for taking my question. I'd like to actually ask the recession question again, if you don't mind, but in a different way. Let's ignore the Q2 2020 recession, because that was such a sudden weird thing. And let's go back to like 2009 or 2001 2002. In those days you were very much a traditional media business and now you're very much a digital media business doing lots of different things beyond measured media. And I wonder if you could help us understand maybe if we all assume that measured media spending might drop in a recession, perhaps at similar rates as it did last time around who knows, but you do so many other things right now. Is there a way to qualitatively or hopefully quantitatively assess what the spending might be with Acxiom, Kinesso on IT consulting all those sorts of things beyond just traditional media?
Philippe Krakowsky: I'm not sure that I can quantitatively assess. I mean I can point to some of the things we've been talking about. Health care likely a place that is more resilient, e-commerce and areas where you have line of sight to ROI and much more either clarity on that or ability to go directly to the consumer. I think those feel like they're going to be areas that are going to be less cyclical. Acxiom as you said, if you think about the fact that two-thirds of their revenue is long-term fixed fee contracts. And so those are all areas which we believe will stand up better when 2020 hit areas where we had a more consultative business model areas where we had more clarity around accountability and outcomes which also includes our media business. All of those fared better. And it's a big diversified portfolio. So -- that does mean to your point that you wouldn't, I think be looking at what we saw in 2008, 2009 independent of whatever, 2020 was which to your point is sort of super anomalous and still kind of having impacts all through 
Tim Nollen: Yeah.
Philippe Krakowsky: every part of economic life right?
Tim Nollen: Yeah. Thanks, Philippe. And just maybe one point of quantification then could be that all these things you're talking about -- I mean I you probably have it in your slides. But this is half or more than half of all the business you do, right? The traditional measured media stuff is way less than half isn't it?
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, look, I mean that's a place where there have been times when folks in our sector said our digital revenue is x-percent, y-percent. And our point of view on that was always that it's so embedded into everything we do, because we try to go to market when we engage with clients with something that's integrated and something that solves for them and is right for their business that we then don't spend the time trying to unpick it. And so I can't give you a kind of a GAAP-compliant measure that gives you that number. But it is a substantial part of our business, but our deal is that's what drives growth. So if our organic growth is strong then you've got to assume that all of those things are a pretty big chunk of what we do.
Tim Nollen: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. You may go ahead.
Philippe Krakowsky: HI Craig.
Craig Huber: Philippe, Hi. Quick question, just to go back to the cost outlook for next year, let's say hypothetically -- not making a big bet here. Let's assume next year's organic revenue was flat. Ellen I'd love to hear what leverage you think you could pull to potentially keep your margins flat next year in a scenario like that? Do you have much leeway to be able to do that?
Ellen Johnson: Hi, Craig. Sure. If revenues were flat given that scenario it clearly would be our objective to be able to maintain our margins. The things that I would point to that give us line of sight is we're an experienced managed team that has navigated together through many economic environments. As Philippe has pointed out we have a flexible cost structure right between open reqs attrition temp help and incentive comp which vary closely with performance. All those things will help. And then ultimately it will depend upon the revenue mix the cost of that right? But it's something that it would clearly be in our objective and we think we have line of sight to.
Craig Huber: Great. That's all I had. Thank you.
End of Q&A:
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you. I think we are out of time. So thanks again all for your time and interest. We are back at it. And we look forward to sharing with you how we can close the year.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-21 15:27:06) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. . This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for being with us. This morning, we are joined by our CEO, Philippe Krakowsky; and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our Web site, interpublic.com. We plan to begin our call with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9.30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties and the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation, and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Philippe Krakowsky.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Jerry, and good morning. I hope you all keeping well. These days that's no small ask. Before turning to our results, it's important to acknowledge that as individuals we're living through and as organizations, we're operating in quite unusual and challenging times. In all our conversations with clients, the question of purpose is something that increasingly comes up.  That topic is also at the forefront of our thinking. And it's essential that we as IPG continue to be clear about our values because living into those values is something that our colleagues across the company take very seriously, which is particularly important when you consider that we're a talent-based business focused on ideas, creativity, and IP.  So I wanted to call out to the teams across Interpublic that are making contributions to alleviating the impact of crises such as the war in Ukraine and the political upheaval in Sri Lanka, as well as to all our people who are leaning into our equity and inclusion efforts and are playing their part in programs that seek to address other key areas of ESG, which remains an important priority for us.  I think that was evident after the Supreme Court decision on Roe v. Wade, when we assured our people that we would update our health care benefits to provide funding for travel, to ensure consistent and equal access to health care, including reproductive choice for all our employees.  We understand the decisions regarding health care and our families are by their nature ones that each of us makes with a great deal of thoughtful deliberation and in keeping with our individual circumstances and beliefs. As an organization, we want to ensure that we live up to our values of mutual trust and respect, which have been core to our longstanding commitment to inclusion and equity.  Turning now to the immediate purpose of this call, we'd like to share with you our Q2 and first half results, as well as updates on the highlights at our agencies and on the tone of the business to be followed by answers to your questions.  We're pleased to report a strong second quarter and H1, in which we continue to build on our industry-leading performance over a period of many years. Second quarter organic net revenue growth was 7.9%. It's worth noting that's on top of very strong 19.8% growth a year ago. And this brings our three-year organic growth stack over the period of the COVID crisis to 16.5% in the second quarter, which is well ahead of industry norms. Over the first six months of the year, our organic growth was 9.6% which brings three-year growth to 15.2% for the first half. We saw consistent growth both in the U.S. and our international markets. Domestically, organic growth for the quarter was 8.3% on top of 17.4% in last year second quarter. Organic growth in our international markets was 7.1%, highlighted by growth in every region of the world, and on top of 24.4% growth a year ago.  Growth in the quarter was also broad based across our portfolio of solutions, whether viewed by segments, agencies or marketing disciplines and clients sectors. This reflects the increasingly integrated nature of our offerings and progress in infusing more of our portfolio with data-led thinking.  Specific to segments and agencies, it's important to call out the fact that growth at each of our segments compounds double digit growth a year ago. Our Media, Data & Engagement Solutions segment grew 6.2% organically, which adds to 25.1% growth last year. This strong performance was led by double digit increases in our media, data and tech and e-commerce offerings. Our digital specialist agencies were dilutive to this result as we saw deceleration in certain speculative client categories and related project work.  At our Integrated Advertising & Creativity Led segment, organic growth was 8.5%. We had growth at all of our largest agencies significantly outpaced by IPG Health, followed by strong growth at MullenLowe and FCB. In our Specialized Communications & Experiential Segment, organic growth was 11.1% highlighted by double digit growth in our Experiential Solutions and solid single digit increases across the public relations discipline.  As you'll recall, when we launched this enhanced disclosure, we believe the new segments are important in that they reflect the key areas of activity in which we are providing services to our clients and the broader evolution we are seeing across the industry. However, we remain a highly client-centric culture and organization and our major engagements with clients involve custom solutions, which draw on services from all segments in integrated Open Architecture teams. Our growth in the quarter was also broadly shared across client sectors. We were led by double digit percentage growth in our other sector of leisure, government and industrial clients as well as by double digit growth in the financial services and health care sectors. Turning to operating expenses and margin, our results again reflect our leadership teams' demonstrated capacity to run their businesses with the appropriate discipline, while at the same time continuing to invest behind key areas that will drive further growth. And while our comparisons to last year continue to reflect the ins and outs of the pandemic, it's encouraging that we're driving margins at levels well above seasonably comparable in periods prior to the pandemic.  Net income in the quarter was $229.6 million as reported. Our adjusted EBITDA was $370.1 million, resulting in net revenue margin of 15.6%. As expected and as shared with you on our last call, that is below last year's second quarter of 17.9% when our growth had begun to accelerate very significantly, yet certain variable expenses were historically low due to the effects of the pandemic.  Compared to a year ago and under our organic growth of 11.4% over the trailing 12 months, our headcount has grown approximately 9%. Variable expenses have recovered to higher levels as well, as we've resumed travel and returned to office in far greater numbers. It's worth pointing out that margin in the quarter of 15.6% compares quite favorably to margin in the pre-pandemic second quarter of 2019, which was 13.4%. That's a result of both our growth and the benefits of the strategic restructuring actions taken in 2020.  Our diluted earnings per share in the quarter was $0.58 as reported and $0.63 as adjusted for intangibles, amortization and dispositions. Under our share repurchase program reauthorized earlier this year, we repurchased 2.7 million shares in the quarter using $84.8 million. A differentiator of our performance in the quarter and over a period of many years now has been our ability to bring together creativity, digital technology and data to create higher order marketing and media solutions that are responsive to the evolving business transformation needs of our clients.  The growth you're seeing is driven largely by these very relevant capabilities, with which we can solve an expanding set of marketer needs for more precise, personalized and accountable engagements with their audiences at an individual level, with respect for data ethics and consumer privacy.  Looking ahead, we fully appreciate that we're at a moment of macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty. In this environment, it's fair to say there is a high degree of volatility and visibility is challenged for every company. That's no less true for us at IPG given that we're a global and diversified client service business.  Despite these uncertainties, however, and having very recently refreshed our bottom up outlook for the year in meetings with our operators, we have not seen macroeconomic concerns significantly weigh on the growth outlook for the year that we shared with you back in April. While we appreciate the environment is dynamic, the demand we're seeing for our services remains broadly strong and we are committed to delivering on our growth expectations for the year.  You'll recall that in April, we upgraded our 2022 organic growth expectations to 6%. Given our growth through the first half of the year, we see upside to that and believe we will exceed 6.5% organic growth for the full year. We continue to expect that we'll deliver adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.6%. While there are always puts and takes as we progress through any given year, we've not to date seen anything of the size or significant that would put us off those objectives. We are, of course, staying close to our people and our clients, carefully managing expenses and as always, we'll keep you apprised as the year develops.  Understandably, clients are considering how best to factor a slower macroeconomic picture into their plans for the balance of the year. That varies significantly on an industry-by-industry basis. And marketers are also giving consideration to the disadvantages of being out of market during a slowdown, especially if one doesn't fully materialize or is short lived. Our diverse business model, which as you know encompasses about 5,000 clients, a 100 plus countries and a full range of marketing, media, e-commerce and data services is a core strength of our model. It means we're always working across a broad range of client strategies and addressing an even broader range of evolving consumer behaviors. Marketers remain focused on leading with strong brands, which can help mitigate the impact of higher inflation and brands are critical to their continued transformation to DTC at scale, all of which matches up well with our strong portfolio of agency brands, fueled by top industry talent, differentiated capabilities in data and the ability to customize our offerings on an Open Architecture platform.  The skill and commitment of our IPG colleagues have helped us to reach the halfway point of the year on a strong footing. I'd, therefore, like to, in this part of my remarks, again recognize and thank our people for their work on behalf of clients and in support of each other, as well as their engagement on vital societal issues consistent with our culture and values.  One additional important item. As you'll have seen, there's significant news related to senior leadership within our organization, which we will be releasing a bit later this morning. Our people are key IPG's long-term success and another thing that's core to our culture is the ability to develop outstanding talent and find new opportunities for colleagues across our organization. So it's gratifying to have elevated a number of our most exceptional and experienced leaders to new roles within two of our key business units.  Daryl Lee, who has been most recently serving as the CEO of IPG Mediabrands, has been named the CEO of McCann Worldgroup. Eileen Kiernan, CEO at UM Worldwide, will succeed Daryl at IPG Mediabrands. And at McCann Worldgroup, Bill Kolb will continue in his role as the network's Chairman. We know they will all contribute to the future success of IPG and our clients.  At this point, I'd like to hand over the call to Ellen for a more in-depth view of our results.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. I hope that everyone is well. I would like to join Philippe in the recognition of our people and add my thanks to them. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our webcast.  Beginning with the highlights on Slide 2 of the presentation, our second quarter net revenue increased 4.7% from a year ago, with organic growth of 7.9%. Organic growth was 8.3% in the U.S. and growth was 7.1% in our international markets. Organic growth was 9.6% in the first half of the year.  Second quarter adjusted EBITDA was 370.1 million and margin was 15.6%. Diluted earnings per share was $0.58 as reported and $0.63 as adjusted. Adjustments exclude the after-tax impacts of the amortization of acquired intangibles and non-operating losses associated with the disposition of certain small non-strategic businesses. We repurchased 2.7 million of our common shares during the quarter for 84.8 million, bringing repurchases to 4.5 million shares through the first six months of the year.  Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. On Slide 4, we present second quarter revenue in more detail. Our net revenue in the quarter was 2.38 billion, an increase of 105.9 million.  Compared to Q2 '21, the impact of the change in exchange rate was negative 2.6% with the dollar stronger against currencies in nearly all of the international markets. Net divestitures for certain small non-strategic agencies were negative 60 basis points. Organic net revenue increase was 7.9%. At the bottom of the slide, we break out segment revenue performance.  Our Media, Data & Engagement Solutions segment was 6.2% organically on top of 25.1% in the second quarter of 2021. As you can see on this slide, the segment is comprised of IPG Mediabrands, Acxiom, Kinesso and our digital and commerce specialist agencies, which include MRM, R/GA and Huge. Media, data and tech and MRM grew at double digit percentage rates in the quarter, while we experienced softness at R/GA and Huge.  Organic growth at our Integrated Advertising & Creatively Led Solutions segment was 8.5% which is on top of 16.1% a year ago. As a reminder, the segment is comprised of McCann, IPG Health, MullenLowe Group, FCB and our domestic integrated agencies. Growth was led by double digit increases in IPG Health and FCB.  At our Specialized Communications & Experiential Solutions segment, organic growth was 11.1%, which compounds 15.5% in last year second quarter. The segment is comprised of IPG DXTRA and DXTRA Health, Weber Shandwick, Golin, Jack Morton, Momentum and Octagon. We were led by double digit increases in our Experiential Solutions and at mid single digit growth in the PR discipline.  Moving on to Slide 5, our organic revenue growth by region. In the U.S., which was 66% of net revenue in the quarter, our organic increase was 8.3%. That was driven by very broad based growth across segments, agencies and clients sectors. International markets were 34% of our net revenue in the quarter and increased 7.1% organically. We grew in every international region.  Continental Europe increased 8.3%. It's worth noting that's on top of 27.9% a year ago. We had double digit growth in Germany, France, Italy, Portugal and Switzerland, as well as several other of our smaller markets. The UK increased 4.4% organically. Our performance was mixed in the market with notably strong growth in media, data and tech, Experiential and IPG Health and with softness at certain other parts of the portfolio, which was due to client-specific actions.  Asia Pac grew 4.8% organically. Among the largest national markets, we had strong growth in India, Japan, Australia and Singapore, while China decreased from a year ago. Our organic growth in LatAm was 8.8%, which is worth noting is on top of 49% growth a year ago. Our increases were led by Media and by Huge. Our other markets group, which is Canada, the Middle East and Africa, grew 11% led by very strong performance in Canada.  Moving on to Slide 6, operating expenses and margin in the quarter. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 15.6% in the quarter, which as expected decreased from 17.9% a year ago. It's worth noting that margin in the quarter compares to 13.4% in the pre-pandemic second quarter of 2019.  You'll recall that last year second quarter margin benefited from several transitory effects, which were due to both the sharp acceleration of revenue growth in the quarter and to the impact of the pandemic on our operating expenses. A year ago, certain expenses were running at unusually low levels. Those include expenses due to travel, meetings and office work. You'll also recall that our hiring lagged behind top line growth.  Compared to 2019, this year second quarter margin is significantly higher, which reflects both leverage on growth and the ongoing savings from our 2020 restructuring program. As you can see on this slide, our ratio of total salaries and related expenses as a percentage of net revenue was 66.9% in the quarter compared to 65.4% a year ago. Underneath that, as a result, we delivered on our expense for base payroll benefits and tax due to the hiring that was required to support our 11.4% organic growth over the trailing 12 months. Headcount increased approximately 9% over the same period.  Going the other way, our expense for performance-based employee incentive comp decreased from a year ago from 6.4% to 4.5% of net revenue. At quarter end, total worldwide headcount was approximately 57,600. Also on this slide, our office and other direct expense was 14.7% of net revenue compared to 13.3% a year ago. Underneath that, we continue to leverage our expense for occupancy, which was 4.8% of net revenue, an improvement of 20 basis points from a year ago.  All other office and other direct expense was 9.9% of net revenue compared to 8.3% a year ago. The comparison reflects the return of variable expenses that I referred to earlier as a result of the increased level of business activity, although not up to the pre-pandemic level. Our SG&A expense was 0.8% of net revenue, a decrease of 50 basis points from a year ago.  On Slide 7, we present a detail on adjustments to our reported second quarter results in order to provide better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left-hand side with our reported results and steps through to adjusted EBITDA and our adjusted diluted EPS.  Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles in the second column was 21.1 million. Below operating expenses and shown in column four, we had a loss of 4.2 million in other expense due to the disposition of a few small non-strategic businesses. At the foot of this slide, you can see the after-tax impact per diluted share of each adjustment which bridges our diluted EPS at $0.58 to adjusted earnings of $0.63 per diluted share. Slide 8 depicts similar adjustments for the six months again for continuity and comparability. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.10 for the period.  On Slide 9, we turn to cash flow in the quarter. Cash used in operations was 90.8 million, which was due to a working capital use of 382.1 million. Operating cash flow before working capital was 291.3 million. As a reminder, our operating cash flow is both highly seasonal and can be volatile by quarter due to the changes in the working capital component.  The magnitude of our receivables and payables means that the timing and collection of payments within any single quarter can significantly vary and affect the working capital results. With that, it's worth noting that over the past three calendar years, we have generated cumulatively 2 billion from working capital and that our cash position at the second quarter end was historically high, exceeded only once in the past 20 years.  In our investing activities, we used 61 million mainly for CapEx and the deconsolidation of the subsidiary in which we hold a minority interest. Our financing activities in the quarter used 233 million, primarily for our common stock dividends and share repurchases. Our net decrease in cash for the quarter was 418.6 million and our cash position at quarter end was 1.99 billion.  Slide 10 is the current portion of our balance sheet. Slide 11 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt. As you can see on this schedule, total debt at quarter end remained at 3 billion. Our next maturity is April 2024 for only 250 million. Thereafter, our next maturity is not until 2028. Gross financial debt to EBITDA as defined in our credit facility covenant was 1.68x at quarter end. In summary, on Slide 12, our teams continue to execute at a high level and have us well positioned to deliver on our expectations for the year. I would like to reiterate our pride in and gratitude for the efforts of our people. The strength of our balance sheet and liquidity means that we remain well positioned, both financially and commercially.  And with that, I'll turn it back to Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Ellen. Turning now to highlights from the quarter, much of the demand we're seeing and in many cases converting into growth comes from more transformational services as clients seek to tap into the areas where IPG has made significant investments in recent years. The business transformation agenda crosses all clients sectors and the consumer sits at the centre of these changes.  We're being asked by marketers to address not only the all important questions regarding the positioning and articulation of their brand, which are key long-term equities, but also the activation of that brand's value proposition in ways that engage with consumers and drive marketplace performance. That combination of our creativity and expertise and marketing services, coupled with the use of data and technology to identify and understand audiences, means we have an important role to play going forward in helping companies to find their businesses and unlock growth.  A key component of that formula is our continued ability to deliver best-in-class creativity across all marketing disciplines and around the world. Our very strong showing at the Cannes Festival of Creativity just a month ago demonstrates that our capabilities in this regard continue to be world class, as IPG agencies won 110 Lions at Cannes, including five Grand Prix and one Titanium Lion.  Earlier this year, as you'll recall, we were also the number one holding company in North America at the Effie Awards, which recognize the effectiveness of the programs we create for our clients. An ongoing success story for us is IPG Health, which continued to deliver very strong business performance in the quarter. And at Cannes, their creative strength was also on full display as the network marked its one year anniversary by winning 17 Lions more than any other health care agency group.  FCB Health was named Health Care Network of the Year and McCann Health came in second in that category for an unprecedented showing a top those rankings at Cannes. AREA 23, also an IPG Health company, was named Health Care Agency of the Year and won the Grand Prix for Good, which recognizes campaigns for nonprofits that use creativity to make a positive impact in society.  The creative success of IPG Health comes as the group continues to leverage its broad reach, scale and diverse talent to evolve its capabilities. In the second quarter, the network launched a new agency offering called 90NORTH, which is a software-based advisory that enables pharmaceutical, biotech and life sciences companies to tackle complex issues beyond traditional marketing communications.  Another standout for us at Cannes this year was FCB which despite a more modest number of entries than many much larger global agencies was honored as the number two network overall following up on last year's number one overall ranking. In North America, FCB was the Cannes Network of the Year for the fourth consecutive year. The network took home the Creative Effectiveness Grand Prix for its work for Michelob ULTRA, which is a remarkable campaign and that it's a platform idea that seeks to impact long-term sustainability and goes well beyond traditional advertising.  FCB Lisbon won Portugal's first ever Grand Prix in the design category for work that directly addresses the country's history of fascism, and FCB Inferno based in London won a Titanium Lion in their partnership with Virgin Group and LinkedIn for their effort to make dyslexic thinking recognized as a term that should be celebrated and a skill set that should be valued.  Noteworthy developments at McCann other than those I called out a bit earlier, during the quarter included several new business ones. Prudential Financial selected McCann as its lead agency, creative agency of record following a competitive pitch. The agency won creative duties from McArthurGlen, which is Europe's leading owner of designer outlets; and in collaboration with Golin, McCann expanded its remit with Nomad Foods, Europe's top frozen food company to support the development of a sustainability marketing strategy and communications framework for 2023.  McCann also won a Grand Prix at Cannes for its serious and thought-provoking work related to global food shortages, which was done on behalf of the Swedish Food Federation. At MullenLowe Group, the New York office was named U.S. AOR for buyers' pain reliever Aleve and in the UK, MullenLowe Group successfully renewed their remit for the National Health Service following a highly competitive review. Highlights in Mediabrands in the quarter included continued strong new business performance as the network helps clients make data-driven decisions that are central to effectively investing marketing dollars in an increasingly complex, digital and addressable media landscape. We saw Initiative win significant new assignments in Spain, Canada, Australia and the UK during the quarter, including media planning for meal kit delivery giant HelloFresh. UM was named Media Agency of Record for Upwork, the platform that connects companies and freelancers.  In April, MAGNA held its second annual equity upfront, which seeks to accelerate support of diverse owned media businesses. By enabling collaborative workshops between brands and media owners as well as arming those media owners with the tools to engage with major marketers, Mediabrands is helping upstream investments take hold of media that are minority owned or those that serve critically important diverse audiences. During Cannes, IPG also announced a partnership with SpringHill, the global entertainment company created by LeBron James and Maverick Carter. While additive to our own creative capabilities, this partnership will provide a new avenue for our clients to access SpringHill's exceptional range of diverse creators. We're active across the breadth of communications channels and formats. We've already seen strong interest in demand for this new partnership, notably from the Mediabrands Content Studio, which is a high growth unit within Mediabrands.  Media also continues to benefit from close connectivity with our Acxiom unit, and news at Acxiom during the quarter includes the enhancement of its marketing cloud practice with new offerings in both the Salesforce and Snowflake environments. During the quarter, Kinesso continued to focus on its marketing intelligence engine suite of technologies, which helped brand manage all the data, marketing, software and ad tech services required for growth. In bringing those complex capabilities into one comprehensive offering, Kinesso is helping our clients connect with audiences in a flexible and respectful way, deriving insights that can power creative campaigns as well as media investment decisions.  During the quarter, Mediahub, which is another very dynamic IPG media agency, was appointed by Lyft to handle U.S. media planning, buying, analytics and measurement duties. And for this win, Mediahub worked in close collaboration with Acxiom to understand and identify key consumer audiences for the transportation company. Mediahub also won U.S. media for Amazon's new live radio app Amp. And in Australia, the agency was named media AOR for global CPG brand Arla.  MRM Commerce continued its strong growth performance, winning assignments from General Mills and Electronic Arts as well as an enterprise level assignment in CRM and first party data integration with Johnson & Johnson. Among our specialized communications agencies, we continue to see strong marketplace performance. An integrated cross discipline DXTRA Health team was appointed by Moderna as the brand's global enterprise agency of record.  The solution draws on talent and expertise from Weber Shandwick, Golin and Jack Morton, and they've been tasked with enhancing Moderna's reputation globally as well as expanding awareness of Moderna's leadership in mRNA technology. Weber Shandwick continued to win significant assignments from major brands, including expanded responsibilities from client Mars for their Skittles, Orbit and Extra brands.  Group Black , a media collective and accelerated rooted in the advancement of Black-owned media properties, also recently announced that it had hired Weber Shandwick to lead its external marketing and communications activities. All our PR agencies continue to stand out for their creativity and effectiveness during the quarter. At Cannes, Weber won 20 Lions, including three Grand Prix, and at this year's North American Sabre Awards, our PR agencies combined to win 14 awards, which was more than any other holding company. And this was led by Golin which was named both Large Agency of the Year for the second consecutive year as well as overall Agency of the Year.  In terms of notable developments on the ESG front, we published our 2021 ESG report which covers a range of environmental, social and governance topics. And this report is the first from a U.S.-based advertising holding company to receive limited external assurance on certain ESG data, and the first to disclose in accordance with the recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures. This work builds on our evolution of enhancing disclosure following our 2020 report, in which IPG became the first company globally to publish in alignment with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board's advertising and marketing standard. It's a mouthful.  In summary, we are pleased with our quarterly results as they contribute to a strong first half of 2022, which comes on top of exceptional 2021 comps, especially in Q2 of last year. And despite increased volatility and growing caution due to macroeconomic concerns, the tone of the business is broadly strong, and we remain net new business positive.  As stated earlier on the call, we believe organic growth for the year will exceed 6.5% along with our expectation for an adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.6%. Given the macro uncertainty that does exist across multiple economic and geopolitical factors, we're clearly going to stay very close to our clients and our people just to be in position to respond as required if there are unforeseen developments.  An area of value creation I think which Ellen just pointed out remains our strong balance sheet and liquidity and our ongoing commitment to capital returns was underscored by another increase in the dividend earlier this year, and the resumption of share repurchases. And I think these initiatives also reflect our Board's confidence in the longer term prospects for Interpublic. Going forward, our teams remain highly focused on operational execution, just as our companies continue to provide the kind of higher order of business solutions to clients that can help them drive growth across a range of marketing activities and economic conditions. With that, I'd like to just thank our client partners, our people and those of you who are on this call for your continued support and open the floor to questions.
Operator: Thank you. . Our first question is from Tim Nollen with Macquarie. You may go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Hi. I guess the obvious first question I'll kick off with is about the macro outlook, which just seems to be so conflicting between what you and your peers are saying you've seen thus far and what clients are telling you, and then everything we're reading in the press. I just wonder if you could just maybe help us understand why the numbers seem to be so strong. And like, really, what should we think about for the second half? Clearly, your full year guidance implies slower numbers. Just wondering what kind of -- what gives between those two kind of sets of info? And if I could ask a second broader question, there's been a lot of news recently with new regulations passed in Europe of the Digital Markets Act, Digital Services Act, and now we're reading about -- and reading about Google possibly considering splitting out its ads stack business. Just very broadly, if you wouldn't mind, kind of zooming out and giving us your opinions on what all of this might mean for your business positive or negative? Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. So I don't know that I can -- it's human nature is what it is, right? So I think the headlines are the headlines. And I think it's about sort of a broader mood, whether it's the combination of headlines around -- inflation around what and where governments around the world are going to be doing about that. So I can't reconcile why. I wouldn't suggest, as you said that, what clients are telling us in a broad sense. My sense is, yes, some clients are asking us to think about contingency plans, but many more are still committed to any number of things. They're committed to figuring out how to get the most from brand led creativity and combining that with performance marketing, or they're committed to a digital transformation journey or really taking control of their first party data and building out an ID graph. So I guess the first half relative to the second half question to my mind comes down to you look at very strong first half performance, you think about we come in north of 6.5 on top of 12, that's strong performance for the year, right? And our comps are very challenging. And I'll take that. I think it's good to be able to keep saying as we do, our comps are very challenging. So I think a lot of that is just the math. And I'd reiterate that the momentum in the business is healthy. And as we said, the demand for what we do is healthy, right? So, I'd look at, again, on the back half Q3 '21, we're up against maybe a 15% growth number; Q4, we're up against 12%. And on a two-year stack, that's probably, I don't know, 11 and 6, give or take. So it would stand a reason to me that you'd expect to see some deceleration against that independent of the macro. And to my mind, what that means is the macro is manageable. And I think that's why we're telling you that we see -- what we see for the back half of this year. And, again, we're clear on more visibility into Q3 and Q4. And the fact that there's some -- there's definitely uncertainty, but I can't reconcile for you why the noise doesn't necessarily connect into what we're seeing in the business, which is as we said broadly speaking, strong demand. And it is variable. You do get different on a client basis, on a sector basis, in different parts of the world, there are folks for whom some of these signals lead to more caution or action than others. Your second question to my mind, I think we've always thought that a number of things were going to come together that would get us to a moment in time when there would be appropriately a focus on consumers having control on agency as it relates to their data. And again, to our mind, that's kind of consistent with a series of things that we've done going back a long time, whether that's agnostic relative to media, whether clearly that's a strong first party and data management capability at the core of what we do. And I think that clients are intelligently focused on how they are going to continue to reach the right people, whether it's the right cohorts of people or whether it's the right individuals and how they're going to activate the data that they do have or are there going to pull data with likeminded clients or interesting sort of partner, second party partners? So again, I think to our mind, none of what's happening strikes us as if it's surprising, and we continue to see it as opportunity and we see the need to have both authorative consultative capabilities and a partner to go on that journey with. But none of that strikes me as if it puts us off our view that all those capabilities and services are only going to become more valuable to our clients.
Tim Nollen: Great. Thanks for the insights, Philippe.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Steve Cahall with Wells Fargo. You may go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. Philippe and Ellen, the guidance implies a big slowdown in the second half and as you said, we know some of that is conservatism in the comps. I think there's also been some announced agency reductions in places like R/GA and Huge. So I guess my question is, are you proactively managing headcount in anticipation of a slowdown or is the business actually still pretty strong? Those are more idiosyncratic agency announcements and things would kind of have to get worse from here before you started taking sort of aggressive action on the cost base? And then the second question is, if we do see a bit of a slowdown, particularly into next year, how should we think about EBITDA margins? They're up a lot from where they've been historically. Even with a good growth this year, they're kind of staying flat. So I guess the question is, if growth kind of decelerates in the future, what does that kind of mean for margins from here? Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. Maybe we'll split them. I think the business is growing, right, and you've seen with that growth, we've been bringing people into the organization. I think I've talked about the fact that the skill sets we're bringing in may not necessarily be the ones that we would have been bringing in had we've been talking about this a couple, three years ago. But in the high growth areas and disciplines, there is still need on our part. And so I'd say we've largely caught up on hiring relative to what '21 represented. But there isn't a proactive need to do what you suggest. And the two examples you called out are, whether you call it idiosyncratic or they're specific to things going on within those entities or the client base at those agencies. And then I'll sort of segue into or maybe hand off to Ellen in thinking through the margin question, but I think that we also have the variability of costs like temp labor and clearly the fact that our incentive programs really, really synched up to how it is that we give you visibility into the business and what our goals are, which is to grow organically and to improve margins. So I think those provide a lot of what we need to continue to manage the business as we look to the back half of the year, right. And in terms of margins go forward, I'll pass it over to Ellen to start.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. Thank you. I would say, start with our track record, right. We do have a track record of being able to manage our margins very effectively in a variety of different circumstances. And Philippe mentioned I think some of the things that really help us do that is that our flexible cost structure. So as Philippe mentioned, it's temporary help versus permanent labor or our performance-based incentive comp, which provides variability as well or buffers absolutely help us. We're very disciplined on how we manage cost. As Philippe also mentioned, our incentives are aligned with that. And we're continuously looking at off-shoring and near-shoring in other ways that will make us more efficient in addition to the fact that we're growing our higher value services, which should also help us expand our margins. So yes, we do believe that we can expand our margins going forward.
Steven Cahall: Great. Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. You may go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Thank you. Maybe to follow up on the macro questions, Philippe, one thing we've heard from some of your peers on earnings calls this week is that marketers have largely learned from prior recessions or crisis periods that if you cut spend too quickly, there's a real price to pay later on in terms of market share or sales. So I'd love to get your take on that and whether you think that mindset can kind of keep ad spend relatively steady even as macro trends potentially worsen? And then just to follow up on the digital specialists, I think you had mentioned some weakness in speculative categories and project work. Do you view these headwinds as sort of temporary and the underlying performance remains strong, or are there kind of more structural factors at play? Just wondering if these firms at least in the pre-pandemic period were real standouts for IPG? Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. Look, I think in the remarks, I spoke to the fact that I do think that the conversations with clients go to a place of past cycles, even obviously 2020, where there was a bit of a kneejerk reaction. We were all facing something we'd never seen before. And I do think that there are ways in which you internalize that and you think hard about whether or not pulling back, whether it's your voice, whether it's the presence of your brand, which is a very powerful equity, as I mentioned, would make sense. So I think people are definitely doing that calculus. And then as I said just a few minutes ago, there are some who are asking for contingency plans, but there are many more who are still very, very committed. I was with a large CPG client less than a month ago and they're in the midst of a digital transformation, and they see all the things we see. They see input cost rising and they see the ability for the brand to help mitigate that, and they're looking at a multiyear journey and they're still committed to that. So to my mind, I think that that sense of -- people's mix is very different, right? I think that on that journey, if you've gone from having sub, say, less than 25% of your spend being digital channels to twice that and you're on your way to trying to get to well above that, and some of the categories that have been sort of slower to make the shift over time, which accelerated during the pandemic. So I think all of those things do give you a sense that we've collectively made progress in evolving the model, and none of us knows. Again, there's a lot of noise around what it might be and how bad it might be, and we're not seeing that, right? So you see that. You see places in our business that are clearly going to be sturdier; a data business, it's an enterprise level business, it's on multiyear contracts. Health care where you've got sort of baked into it very integrated disciplines and capabilities, a lot more science in terms of what we bring in the way of expertise to those clients, and then a lot more data in terms of how we sort of kind of make decisions. So it's clearly TBD, but there's been underlying change in marketing since we last went through something like this. Specific to the two agencies you call out, I think that we were clear that client mix can make a meaningful difference. I think you've got two premium players and the industry is clearly evolved. And so there are some rethink going on in the part of both of those management teams in terms of how do they reinvent so that they are in a place where those premium positions can continue to prevail. So I think there we're looking about at both things that are specific to their mix and then perhaps where they are in their cycle as companies.
David Karnovsky: Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. You may go ahead.
Philippe Krakowsky: Hi, Michael.
Michael Nathanson: Good morning, Philippe. I'm asking for reconciliation also. I'd love to know, we look at your client mix in total. How much of the growth do you think is coming from the speculative categories? I think back to 20 years ago and all, the  I wonder, is this time different because you guys didn't benefit from either the growth expected categories or the growth of SMB. So is there anything you tell us about client mix now versus pre-pandemic? That to me I think help reconcile why we see the digital weakness we're seeing at Facebook and the rest versus maybe what you're seeing?
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I think that the comment about speculative categories was very, very specific, right? And so as always, we're going to want to give you as much detail as we can when we are taking you through the results. And so within that new segment, to try to give you clarity, we wanted to pull apart that there was double digit growth in parts of it, and that where you had something that was dilutive, what was it that was impacting that? So to my mind, we weren't saying that those speculative categories have an impact on the macro portfolio, because we tend to do more work with some of those categories in the places where we're doing some of the most, whatever we're going to call it, sort of the most bleeding edge work, right? I read what you put out this morning and I think that the bigger question around where and how large scale digital is undergoing a transformation of sorts, I'd say to you there's substantial growth that's happening outside of what you might kind of call the big three. So there's diversification happening in what is now the primary way in which companies go to market, which is on digital channels, right? So you might have year-on-year growth slowing at the really big players there, although they're clearly still growing. And I think, to my mind, the three big factors that are changing things on that side of the house are TikTok, absolutely. Then the fact that there's much more e-commerce going on and retail media networks are clearly seeing a lot of that growth heading their way, right? And that's kind of interesting from where we sit, because you can clearly do some interesting things with first party data that's sitting inside of those channels that are growing, and then what we can do with first party data, so partnering there is interesting. And then digital video is sort of benefiting lots of people, including some traditional marketer, media owners who've come into that space with interesting and necessary streaming channels. So that's a bit of a divergence. But I think I found what you thought was interesting. But I think that's got a lot more to do with it than our client mix isn't really going to impact that math for us.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks, Philippe. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning.
Philippe Krakowsky: Hi, Ben.
Ben Swinburne: I was curious if the lockdowns in China, broader Asia impacted that region's growth at all this quarter? Still pretty solid, I think you mentioned China was down year-on-year, but just trying to get a sense for how mature that might have been? And then I wanted to ask about the media business. In 2020, as the pandemic came on, brand spending really collapsed and we saw much more of a focus in bottom of funnel performance. Some of that obviously because we're all stuck at home staring at our phones, stimulus checks being sent out. But I'm just curious, like we've talked to your media, your smart media people, what do they think happens as if things just get even incrementally tougher, let alone recession, is there parts of their media spend that sort of is more defendable or they're more focused on than others? And I'm sure you'll tell me it depends by client, but I'd still love to hear your answer. Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. I think Ellen can give you the answer to your Asia/China question.
Ellen Johnson: Absolutely, yes. China was dilutive to the overall continent. If you look at it ex-China, our growth would have been there high single digits, closer to double digits.
Ben Swinburne: Got it. 
Philippe Krakowsky: And in terms of media, in the event of or should there be a slowdown, it's interesting because in '20, we saw that it was a place people went to because it was the place people could sort of turn off the spigots very, very quickly. And I think that we definitely -- it's the logical -- it's sort of the equivalent of what used to be a project that you could perhaps choose not to go forward with in a difficult economic climate in certain back in the day. So it's not that there isn't a sense that it would be a place clients might go, but I think that there's going to be more thought that goes into can I interrupt the consumer journey? Can I interrupt the flow of information I get back from those channels? And I think people will probably just be more choiceful . I think it will be like anything in a circumstance such as that. And again, you're asking me for a supposition and we're telling you that in the business and in the bulk of what we're -- the interactions and the conversations we're having with clients, the reality we're dealing with isn't the story that to the very first question we had that you're seeing in the headlines. And so I think that there would be sort of a flight to kind of quality in essence. There would be what can I not afford to turn off? Where am I getting the best returns? What makes the most sense because it really is getting me to intersect with audiences? So it's not that you might not see some issues there, but it would -- I think it would be about the quality of the platform, it would be about the quality of the backend and the data you're seeing as a result of making that investment. But I think it's naive to suggest that if as you say we got to that point, you wouldn't have some of what we saw more recently.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you, Philippe.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Jason Bazinet with Citi. You may go ahead.
Philippe Krakowsky: Hi, Jason.
Jason Bazinet: Hi. Good morning. Just had a real quick one on inflation. Since I don't think any of us have covered a firm like yours in a high inflation environment, can you just spend a second and talk about what items you feel like that would be impacted sort of coincidently with the rate of inflation, and which items either revenue or expenses you feel might lag the rate of inflation where it doesn't show up until a little bit of time goes by?
Philippe Krakowsky: So this is within our company. So it's not what happens on the client side. Look, I think we are seeing a modicum of wage inflation inside of our four walls, right? So I think we're going to -- if I look at it, I go, okay, so growth, lead hiring over the last 12 months, probably by a couple of percentage points, right? And as I said, there's still a bit of hiring to be done. But if you think about that delta, it goes to what we said to you which is that we see that as manageable. And then I think the other thing I'd sort of call out on the most evident place where inflation is impacting us is that if I had to give you kind of a qualitative sense of it, the pressure on labor markets is less evident than it would have been a quarter ago, right? So I'd say that hasn't fully abated, but it's definitely slowing. And then in terms of other places in our cost base where we'd see inflation, I don't know if there's anything Ellen would want to call out. But obviously SRS for us is an important part. It's where we get the folks we need to make the model work. So I don't know if anything else would be a lagging component of inflation in our world. 
Ellen Johnson: And I would just add that, again, we're always focused on continuing to offshore and near-shore and there's things that we're looking at, but it also helped mitigate --
Philippe Krakowsky: The internal transformation efforts are definitely going on in a number of places. And how we do a lot of the backend on media and how we do production and how we automate that and how we connect that back to the data stream. So yes, I think you're seeing -- we've been talking about it and it's the one we would obviously stay focused on and be very vigilant about.
Jason Bazinet: And how about revenues with inflation, would you say that's sort of lagging or coincident or --?
Philippe Krakowsky: So far as I've said, I think clients continue to see marketing as a way to mitigate that. And we do have the capacity in many cases contractually to sort of share that with them as we see it impact. So again, I don't see it impacting revenue at this point.
Jason Bazinet: Okay, super helpful. Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: All right. Well, as always, we appreciate the time and the interest, and we will keep you posted as we go forward. And very, very focused on execution for the back half and everybody on the team is on the same page with us. So thanks, again.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 14:00:19) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group First Quarter 2022 Conference Call.  I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you. I hope you are all well. This morning, we are joined by our CEO, Philippe Krakowsky; and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. We plan to begin our call with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern time. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties and the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Philippe Krakowsky.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning. As you all know, for two years now, since the onset of the pandemic, weve begun these calls by sharing wishes for our collective health and safety. Yet in the early part of this year, the world dramatically changed again. And the invasion of Ukraine means that people on the ground there are anything but safe. So before getting on to the business of this call, it seems appropriate and actually even necessary to express our support for the Ukrainian people. Across our company, IPG colleagues have been focused on doing their part to help during this crisis. Some of us closer to Ukraine have assisted with transportation near the border, others have helped with refugees resettlement and with access to housing and medical services. And several of our agencies in Eastern Europe have opened their doors to displace colleagues. Of course, were also making significant donations to humanitarian organizations at all levels of the company and matching employee donations as well. On a related note, weve disengaged from our Russian operations. So, having first provided for our associates there, many of whom were individuals with whom weve worked for many decades to receive a minimum of six-month salary. And amid this ongoing tragedy, all of us continue to hope for a deescalation of the war and ultimately, for peace so as to bring to an end the immense and senseless human suffering that were witnessing. Turning now to the reason for our call, which is obviously to discuss our business results, Im going to start with a high-level view of our performance in the quarter. Ellen will then provide additional details, and Ill conclude with updates on the highlights at our agencies to be followed as Jerry said by Q&A. Were pleased to report a strong start to the year. First quarter organic net revenue growth was 11.5%. That reflects strong performance in both the U.S. with organic growth of 12.2% and in our international markets, with organic growth of 10.2% as well as increases in every world region. Were also pleased to share with you strong first quarter growth across each of our new three reportable segments. We indicated in February that operational changes would result in revisions to our segment structure as of the start of the year. Many of you have already seen last weeks filing in which we describe our new segments in the recent history of financial performance. Going back nearly two decades, we operated and reported with two segments, IAN and DXTRA. Yet during that time period, there, of course, been significant changes in our business, the needs of our clients and the workings of consumer and media ecosystems. Those changes were significantly accelerated as a result of the pandemic. And as you know, above all IPG is a client-centric company. Our offerings and businesses collaborate by design in order to help clients win in an increasingly digital-first fragmented media environment. Our go-to-market strategy, therefore, supports the need to provide integrated multi-agency services that span reportable segments. And that means that our operations will always reflect the strategic reality that marketers should have access to the best capabilities and talent no matter where they sit across IPG. We bring these complementary skill sets together in what we call open architecture teams that drive clients business success. Concurrently, the speed at which market and client needs are changing, requires a focused and disciplined approach to the way in which as a company we operationally manage investments in key areas of our business. This includes the creation of infrastructure and expertise that supports and can be shared by like-with-like assets. You saw an important example of that last year when we created IPG Health, which continues to perform very well for us. Reflecting our evolution and following a recent strategic review of operations. Weve therefore realigned our business operations to comprise three reportable segments. So they are Media Data & Engagement Solutions, Integrated Advertising & Creativity Led Solutions and Specialized Communications & Experiential Solutions. In the first quarter, each segment grew at a double-digit organic rate, which demonstrates the strength of our offerings across the portfolio. Organic growth was 11.5% at MD&E, 11.2% at IA&C and 12.5% at SC&E. Our global growth was also highlighted by consistent increases across client sectors. We were paced by double-digit percentage increases in our other sector of leisure, government and industrial clients as well as double-digit growth in the retail, tech and telecom, financial services, health care, and auto and transportation sectors. Turning to operating expenses and profitability. Our teams once again demonstrated outstanding discipline even as we continue to invest to support our growth. Net income in the quarter was $159.4 million as reported, and our adjusted EBITA was $273.6 million, which excludes a small charge related to the 2020 restructuring program, resulting in net revenue margin of 12.3% in our smallest seasonal quarter. Our margin comparisons to prior first quarters continue to reflect the ins and outs of the pandemic. Compared to a year ago, under very strong revenue growth headcount has grown approximately 11%, some variable expenses, such as travel and related and return-to-office costs are well above the levels of a year ago, but not fully to historic norms. A year ago, comparable first quarter margin was 13.1%. And for context, in both 2019 and 2020, our first quarter margins were approximately 5%. With our strong margin results in this years first quarter, were confident that we continue to see the benefits of the strategic restructuring actions taken in 2020. Diluted earnings per share was $0.40 as reported and was $0.47 as adjusted for intangible amortization and other items. Youll recall that in February, we announced that our Board had reauthorized our share repurchase program. And in the first quarter, we repurchased 1.8 million shares using $63 million. Were pleased to be able to share with you the strong set of results, which builds on our long-term record of industry outperformance as well as our new disclosure, which furthers our long-standing commitment to transparency, in order to assist in analytical work and assessment of our company. A differentiator of our performance in the quarter and over a period of many years has been our ability to create marketing and media solutions that bring together creativity, technology and data. This combination is responsive to the evolving needs of our clients and allows it to assist them by delivering higher order client solutions. The growth youre seeing is driven by these highly relevant capabilities. In the midst of an expanding set of marketer needs, for more precise, personalized and accountable engagements with their audiences at an individual level. Our first quarter, as I said earlier, is seasonally our smallest quarter, and most of the year remains ahead of us. We understand that we are at a moment of elevated global uncertainty across multiple dimensions, whether geopolitical, macroeconomic or in terms of public health. These are part of the current reality facing every company today. However, despite these uncertainties and having recently refreshed our bottoms-up outlook for the year with key clients and with our operating teams. The tone of the business remains positive. This leads us to believe its appropriate to update our revenue target for the year. Youll recall that in February, we shared our expectation for approximately 5% organic growth in 2022. We would see that as a strong result given that it compounds IPGs multiyear growth stack, which significantly leads our industry going back a number of years. At this point, we are nonetheless increasing that outlook for the year to approximately 6% organic growth. Along with our expectation for adjusted EBITA margin of 16.6%. We remain confident in the things we can control, including the quality of our talent, the resources across our portfolio, and our ability to bring them together in collaborative, effective and impactful client solutions. We are, of course, staying close to our people and our clients and carefully managing expenses, and well keep you apprised of our progress as the year develops. Our colleagues scale and commitment have helped us to start this year on a strong footing. And Id therefore like to conclude this part of my remarks by once again recognizing and thanking our people for their work on behalf of clients, but also in support of each other. And at this point, Im going to hand over the call to Ellen for a more in-depth view on our results.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. I hope that everyone is safe and healthy. I would like to join Philippe in the recognition of our people, and to add my thanks to all of them. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. Beginning with the highlights on Slide 2 of the presentation, our first quarter net revenue increased 9.8% from a year ago, with organic growth of 11.5%. Organic growth was 12.2% in the U.S., and growth was 10.2% in our international markets. We have double-digit growth in each of our three segments. First quarter adjusted EBITA before a small restructuring adjustment was $273.6 million, and margin was 12.3%. Diluted earnings per share was $0.40 as reported and $0.47 as adjusted. The adjustments exclude the after-tax impacts of the amortization of acquired intangibles, the small refinement to our 2020 restructuring program and nonoperating losses on certain small nonstrategic businesses. Beginning in late February, following the $400 million reauthorization by our Board, we repurchased 1.8 million of our common shares during the quarter were $63.1 million. Turning to Slide 3, youll see our P&L for the quarter. Ill cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides the following. Turning to first quarter revenue in more detail on Slide 4. Our net revenue in the quarter was $2.23 billion, an increase of $199.5  million. Compared to Q1 2021, the impact of the change in exchange rates was negative 1.4%. With the dollar stronger against currency in nearly all of our international markets. Net divestitures were negative 30 basis points. Organic net revenue increase was 11.5%. At the bottom of this slide, we break out revenue for the three new segments. Our Media Data & Engagement Solutions segment grew 11.5%. As you can see on this slide, the segment is comprised of IPG Mediabrands, Acxiom, Kinesso and our digital and commerce specialist agencies, which include MRM, R/GA and Huge, we had very strong growth in Q1 across the segment. Our Integrated Advertising & Creatively Led Solutions segment grew 11.2%. The segment is comprised of McCann, IPG Health MullenLowe Group, FCB and our domestic integrated agencies. We had strong growth at all of our global networks. At our Specialized Communication & Experiential Solutions segment, organic growth was 12.5%. The segment is comprised of IPG DXTRA and DXTRA Health, Weber, Golin, Jack Morton, Momentum, and Octagon. We have strong Q1 growth across all of our major disciplines. We were led by events in sports and entertainment, continuing an unmistakable recovery from the impact of the pandemic. The three-year organic growth of our Jack Morton, Momentum, and Octagon agencies is now positive from the pre-pandemic level of Q1 2019. Moving on to Slide 5, our organic revenue growth by region. In the U.S., which was 66% of net revenue in the quarter, our organic increase was 12.2%. We exhibited strong broad-based growth across segments, agencies and client sectors. International markets were 34% of our net revenue in the quarter and increased 10.2% organically. We grew in every international region. Continental Europe grew 9.4%. It is worth noting that, thats on top of 12.4% a year ago. Weve increased in nearly every national market, including our largest markets of France, Germany, Spain and Italy. There was no noticeable drop off in the quarter in our smaller Eastern European markets. The UK increased 1.5% organically. We had very strong increases in experiential media and tech disciplines and at McCann, but those were largely offset by client-specific actions out shorten the portfolio. Asia Pac grew 9.2% organically, driven by growth across our largest markets of Australia, India and Japan, while Singapore was flat and China decreased. Our organic growth in LatAm was 21.5%, with strong results across all disciplines. This was notably so at our digital specialist agencies and media in our MD&E segment and our global network in our IA&C segment. Our Other Markets group, which is Canada, the Middle East and Africa grew 19.9%, with strong growth in each region. Moving on to Slide 6 and operating expenses in the quarter. Our net operating expenses, which exclude billable expenses, the amortization of acquired intangibles and the restructuring adjustment increased 10.9% from a year ago under growth of net revenue of 9.8%. The result with margin of 12.3% compared to 13.1% a year ago. Our first quarter results was a significant increase from 2019 and 2020 when our first quarter margins were approximately 5%. Our fully adjusted EBITA margins by segment in the quarter were 10.9% in MD&E, 14.2% in IA&C and 16.8% in SC&E. These margins are an appendix on Slide 17. In general, we expect each segment margin to have quarterly seasonality, similar to that of our consolidated results over time. Through MD&E showing the stronger seasonality over the course of the year. As you can see on this slide, our ratio of total salaries and related expense as a percentage of net revenue was 70.2%. Again, all of these ratios are against our smallest quarterly revenue base of the year. Underneath the SRS results, we delivered on our expense for base payroll, benefits and tax due to aggressive hiring over the course of the past year that was necessary to support our 14.3% organic growth over the trailing 12 months. Our expense for performance-based employee incentive comp was equal to last years in dollar terms, and therefore, lower as a percent of net revenue, 4% this year compared to 4.3% a year ago. Severance expense was 50 basis points of net revenue compared with 30 basis points a year ago. Temporary labor expense was 4.8% of revenue compared with 4.6% in Q1 2021. At quarter end, total worldwide headcount increased by 11% from a year ago to 56,800 to support our growth. Also on this slide, our office and other direct expense was 14.5% of net revenue compared to 14.4% a year ago. Underneath that, we continue to leverage our expense for occupancy, which was 5.1% of net revenue, an improvement of 50 basis points from Q1 2021. All other O&G was 9.4% of net revenue compared with 8.8% a year ago due to the return of certain variable expenses such as our investment in travel, employment and client service costs as a result of the increased level of business activity. Our SG&A expense was 0.9% of net revenue, a decrease of 50 basis points from the prior year. On Slide 7, we present details on adjustments to our reported first quarter results in order to provide better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left-hand side with our reported results and steps through to adjusted EBITA and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles in the second column was $21.3 million. The restructuring charges were $6.6 million, which are small estimate adjustments related to our 2020 restructuring program. Below operating expenses in Column 4 and we had a pretax loss in the quarter of $6.4 million in other expenses due to the disposition of a few small amount strategic businesses. As the pit of the slide, you can see the after-tax impact for diluted share of each of these adjustments, which bridges our diluted EPS as reported at $0.40 to adjusted earnings of $0.47 per diluted share. On Slide 8, we turn to cash flow in the quarter. Cash used in operations was $633.6 million compared with $249.8 million a year ago. As a reminder, our operating cash flow is highly seasonal. We typically generate significant cash from working capital in the fourth quarter and use cash in the first quarter. During this years first quarter, cash used in working capital was $865 million and filed our fourth quarter of last year when we generated over $1 billion from working capital. The net of the two is $194 million of cash generated from working capital, which is squarely in the range of our recent history. In our investing activities, we used $28.8 million, mainly for CapEx in the quarter. Our financing activities in the quarter were $210.1 million, primarily for our common stock dividend, share repurchases and taxes withheld on shares in our performance-based incentive compensation. Our net decrease in cash for the quarter was $867.5 million. Slide 9 is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $2.4 billion of cash and equivalents compared with $2.02 billion a year ago. Slide 10 predicts the maturity of our outstanding debt. As you can see on the schedule, total debt at quarter end was $3 billion. Our next maturity is April 2024 for only $250 million. Thereafter, our next maturity is not until 2028. In summary, on Slide 11, our teams continue to execute at a high level and have us well positioned to deliver on our expectations for the year. I would like to reiterate our pride in and gratitude for the efforts of our people. The strength of our balance sheet and liquidity means that we remain well positioned, both financially and commercially. And with that, Ill turn it back to Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you. As Ellen just said, our work and our people continue to set the standard for the industry. So, I would also like to again thank approximately 57,000 colleagues around the world who contribute to our clients growth and the continued evolution of our business. Collectively, were implementing our strategic vision, which is to integrate brand experiences across consumer touch points by combining award-winning creativity with best-in-class technology and data infrastructure. That commitment has translated into new client engagements, expanded relationships with our existing partners, and programs that deliver significant growth outcomes for our clients as well as for our own business. Turning now to specific highlights at the agency level in the quarter. At our Media Data & Engagement Solutions segment, we continue to see strong growth, the UM won Grubhub a year ago in the quarter. RG/A continued to perform well in new business with a notable win when it was named AOR for the XFL Pro Football League, and the agency also earned a top position on Ad Age 2022 A-List. New client wins were strong across Acxiom, Kinesso and Matterkind, and all three of those organizations work together with UM to provide a behavioral science-led solution for the GrubHub win, I mentioned a minute ago. During the quarter, Acxiom extended California Consumer Privacy Act rights to all U.S. residents in the absence of a national U.S. Privacy Law. We believe this is a meaningful step because its clearly responsive individual consumers who increasingly want more access to and control of their personal data. So, I think its fair to say this move is aligned with IPGs commitment to going above and beyond whats required by law. And this allows us to ensure we can support our clients business needs with the best data, tools and advice and do so by leading the way in the ethical use of data. In addition, we launched the Acxiom Partner Marketplace, which is a comprehensive offering of leading industry-specific data under one roof. The Acxiom partner marketplace complements our best-in-class and foundational info-based data and it gives marketers greater access to actionable and precise people-based data across a range of use cases and touch points on the consumer journey. And this is particularly important at a time when the ecosystem faces severe disruption due to proxy and ID deprecation. At the end of the quarter, Kinesso also launched its outcome Navigator, which is a suite of performance-based services that drives specific business outcomes for brands. And this puts Kinessos Matterkind unit in line to capture more performance-based marketing budgets. During the quarter, MRM expanded its commerce consulting service in health forming a strategic partnership with Salesforce Health Cloud, which allows us to deliver enterprise-level solutions at scale for the insurance, pharmaceutical and medical device sectors. Looking now at our integrated advertising and creativity-led Solutions segment. IPG Health continues its very strong performance with clients, new business and within the industry. At the recent Manny Awards where Med Ad News honors the best in pharmaceutical and health care advertising, IPG Health took home nearly 60% of the awards given. The agencies within the network won across many categories, including most creative agency, most admired Agency, Advertising Agency of the Year and additionally, IPG Health was named Network of the Year. Elsewhere at IA&C, following a highly competitive review, MullenLowe was named as creative agency of record by KFC and some of that new positioning and work will be in market shortly. MullenLowe was also named U.S. agency of record by Bayer for their Aleve brand, which further builds on our relationship with a valued existing client. Media Hub continued to show very well, winning new clients top golf entertainment post consumer brands and Pacaso, which is a technology-based real estate marketplace. At FCB, we promoted a dynamic new team to lead the network, and weve seen a very smooth transition. So theyve hit the ground running with a focus on building new business opportunities. Theyre fueled by the agencys exceptional creative reputation. During the quarter, FCB was named one of the 10 most innovative advertising agencies of 2022 by Fast Company, and they also featured an Ad Ages prestigious 2022 A-List. Now during the quarter, FCB won new assignments from Hersheys and Kelloggs in North America. At McCann, Q1 saw the network win Velocity Global to distributed workplace platform, hands grow  out of the UK and Club Med Canada. World Group also continued to win organic assignments across its global client roster. At the Andy Awards, the first major creative awards show of the season, not only was IPG named the most awarded holding company that McCann was named the most awarded global network. Also worth noting that FCB and McCann were ranked number one and two, respectively, and act responsible good report, which identifies the global networks doing the most powerful and effective cause-related work in our industry. And we see this as a clear reflection of the degree to which IPGs commitment to ESG directly manifests in the work that we create. Reflecting an increase in the number of global in-person events as we enter a post-pandemic world. Our Specialized Communications & Experiential Solutions segment saw strong growth during the quarter. DXTRA Health posted a number of wins, where Weber Shandwick, Golin and Jack Morton came together to help companies in the biotech and pharma sector define, protect and enhance their reputations. Also during the quarter, Grubhub selected Golin to handle its consumer PR work and NAPA Auto Parts named Golin as its first-ever PR agency. At the 2022 PR Week U.S. awards, we celebrate the industrys best public relations work current global  DeVries Global, excuse me, Weber Shandwick, the Martin Agency and Mullen Group combined to win 11 awards, which was more than any other holding company. R&CPMK continue to spearhead global campaigns across the entertainment industry, including the launch of Apple TVs They Call Me Magic campaign, and Octagon secured a multiyear agreement to manage event programming for Toyota to activate the companys Olympic partnership as a lead sponsor. As a result, Octagon will develop and produce the clients full range of activity related to the 2024 games in Paris. Now as we know, the pandemic disrupted pretty much every facet of human interactions. And for brands, upended how they seek to engage with audiences and live formats. As a real-world events have become to rebound, marketers are seeing that a hybrid component to events offers a path to reach larger new audiences and also to improve and deepen engagement. Thats why IPG recently announced that we are bolstering our capabilities in the hybrid and digital event space by acquiring a significant stake in the Famous Group, which is an award-winning fan experience technology company which creates connected, immersive, augmented and mixed reality experiences to enhance the reach and impact of live events. The capabilities at Famous Group demonstrate what were working to develop across all of our agencies, which is proprietary technology skills and IP that can help our agencies build deeper connections to our data resources and capabilities as well as the path to higher order consulting engagements with our clients. In assessing the overall IPG portfolio, we believe that were fully provisioned and well positioned for the future without notable gaps in our offering. That said, we will continue to look closely at strategic options to bolster our capabilities through targeted M&A, especially opportunities that further our technology capabilities and bring proprietary tools or platform skill sets into the company. On prior calls, youll recall that weve identified marketing technology and business transformation consulting as key areas of focus for us going forward. As we see these as areas that can help us build on our technology layer and further accelerate our evolution in the higher value partnerships with our clients. Staying at the holding company level. Weve long been clear that for IPG. Our commitment to ESG is a key strategic priority. And this includes activity in five key pillars: diversity, equity and inclusion, sustainability, human capital, data privacy and media responsibility. As such, were proud that earlier this week, Forbes released its list of the Best Employers for Diversity 2022. And Interpublic is not only the highest rank company in our industry. We are the number five among all U.S. companies with more than a 1,000 employees. This is prestigious recognition, which was determined by Forbes and Statista, the leading statistics portal. They spoke to over 60,000 U.S. employees from across a range of large businesses, serving them, asking them to provide direct experience and opinions about each company in the rankings. So were very proud of this ranking and yet we know theres still a great deal of work to do in the space, and were committed to doing more to become a fairer and more representative workspace. As we continue to navigate a very competitive talent market. I think it was also gratifying to see a number of our agencies stand out as employers of choice, IPG Health, Reprise, ReviveHealth and UM were recently named among Ad Ages Best Places to Work of 2022. Stepping back now, I think that overall, were very pleased with the quarterly results that represent a strong start to 2022. Both the tone of the business as well as our net new business remain positive. And as stated earlier on the call, we feel comfortable increasing our outlook for the year to approximately 6% organic growth, along with our expectation for adjusted EBITA margin of 16.6%. Thats not to say we dont acknowledge the ongoing uncertainty that continues to exist across multiple dimensions. But in the case, should it be the case and some of that were to begin to materialize, its important to note we have a flexible cost model, which as weve consistently demonstrated over the many years can be an important lever not only for improving margins and times of growth, but also against downturns in the macro business environment. Another key area for value creation remains our strong balance sheet and liquidity. Our ongoing commitment to capital returns has been clearly underscored by both our recent dividend increase as well as the resumption of share repurchases and which you saw in the quarter. And our teams remain highly focused on delivering as our company continues to provide higher order businesses solutions to clients which can help them drive growth across a range of marketing activities and economic conditions. So Ill just close by thanking our partners, our people and those of you on the call for your continued support. And at this point, I think we should open the floor to questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question is from Jason Bazinet with Citi. You may go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: Thank you for the new reporting segments. I guess over the last three years, its pretty clear that MD&E grew faster than IA&C, which in turn grew faster than SC&E. But we didnt see that in the first quarter. And I was just wondering if you could provide a little commentary. Is that a function of sort of inflation sort of rising lifting all boats? Is it somewhat a function of the comps? And when do you think the sort of that three year track record from 2019 to 2021, with your larger segment growing more quickly sort of reassert itself? Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: Jason, look, I think quarter-to-quarter, theres a lot of sort of volatility at any given point in time. So you can have the impact in the case of MD&E in Q1, there was a very sharp ramp in headcount to keep up with growth that we saw last year. So I think looking at anything on a quarter-to-quarter basis there can obviously be a client win or not something we clearly look forward to, but the opposite. So I think that the macro trend is definitely the one that you want to focus on. So whether thats an annual or clearly a multiyear trend. I think that youre right to assume that youre going to see higher growth in certain segments. Youre obviously going to see that the segments that have kind of embedded tech and data I think we also believe represent an opportunity from a margin perspective. But then I think what is heartening as well is youve heard us talk a lot about both how we go to market as an integrated company. And so whats interesting is the segments reflect. Theres been such acceleration and theres really the need to manage these businesses in a way thats consistent with kind of the underlying dynamics of each segment. But when we go-to-market with a client, we bring all of this together. And so what I think that  and youve heard us talk about the fact that, for example, the Acxiom offering is increasingly helping to power through behavioral science, the way in which some of the advertising agencies go to clients with audience-led solutions and insights that actually inform the creative work. So we think it will help increase growth and it will definitely, as we incorporate more of that and more of the accountable solutions into the rest of the portfolio, theres upside on both. It will help fuel growth elsewhere. And I think we definitely see opportunity on the margin side. Consistent with what youre seeing there. So I cant tell you that on a quarter-to-quarter basis, the ins and outs or to your point, there are comps at play on what we would sort of refer to as segment three on the SC&E segment. Clearly, thats a segment that got meaningfully impacted by the pandemic. So 2020 to 2021 was improvement 2021 to 2022 is improvement. And we have underlying strong assets there, but theres also a benefit to the comp in that segment. So I think its a fair question, but yes.
Jason Bazinet: Okay, super helpful. Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Yes, no worries. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. You may go ahead.
Philippe Krakowsky: Hi, David.
David Karnovsky: Hi, thank you. Hi. Weve heard from a number of your peers these past two weeks who have said they arent seeing clients materially adjust budgets even while some see supply chain pressure or have real concern over macro inflation. So wondering if youre hearing the same and then what do you think is driving that dynamic? Did marketers simply anticipate some of this to start to the year? Or are there competitive pressures that are keeping budgets and spend steady?
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, I mean, I think there are a lot of moving parts. So as we shared with you, weve recently come through a process thats pretty much one we go through every year, but we spent time with all of our operators, and weve spent time with clients and our sense is that the tone of the business remains positive. The moving parts component into it is I think weve talked about the fact that the pandemic itself, there was that initial three to six months, which clearly had an impact, but then clients began to find their footing. And then they started to really lean into digital channels, and we started to see much more active discussions around implementing e-com, going through their own business transformation journeys. So I think as weve seen subsequent waves of the pandemic itself, theyve really been less and less disruptive to marketing activity, right? And so you look at our trailing 12-month growth in the 14% to 15% range, you look at for us, a MAGNA forecast for 2022, and thats directional. I mean as you know, it speaks to an adjacent industry, which at least reflects client investment. The way we trade in media, its not were clearly much more consultative in our approach to media. But all of those things say to you that the environment for the moment with the caveat that there are some uncertainties out there, is still very active. And then you get to what you said, which is that I think clients dont want to step out of a complex process. So if youve got a client who has a 360 campaign where they are integrated in their approach and theyre thinking about all of the ways in which along the consumer journey. Im going to need to understand who you are as an audience, figure out where and how to intersect with you. To pull out of that, its not something that you can necessarily easily restart. So with the larger national, multinational clients, I think that, that means that there continues to be commitment. And there is concern to your point, that if you pull back you see ground. And so if that means somebody else jumps the line and gets into that conversation or if that means that you begin to lose share at a time when, obviously, you want to in essence, use the leverage that your brand and your position in the marketplace provide to you to take price, right, to offset some of these pressures that youre feeling that every business is feeling. So I cant tell you  and again, weve got a very, very broad portfolio of clients. So the specifics of client category and geography and marketing mix are different each time out. But at the moment, we are definitely seeing that commitment to stay invested hold.
David Karnovsky: Okay. Great. Thats good. And then, Ellen, maybe one for you. I think generally, in the past, youve noted organic growth as a driver of higher margins over time. And you did leave your margin outlook the same while raising organic. I just want to better understand the dynamic there and your costs are potentially coming in different than you had expected when you last guided or whether theres other factors we should consider? Thanks.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. Thank you for the question. As Philippe mentioned, we just finished a bottoms-up process of meeting with all the operators. So our outlook reflects that, both on the revised up in growth and the maintain of the margin. It is 16.6% margin. If you look at the progress weve made over the last several years is pretty substantial, and we think will be a great result. As we said earlier this year, theres just a lot of ins and outs coming out of the period of time that we just did.
David Karnovsky: Great. Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Tim Nollen with Macquarie. You may go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Great. Hi. Thanks very much. Theres a number that I just cant help but comparing, which is that your revenue growth was probably for the first time ever, much higher than Facebooks which reported last night. Yes, I have to laugh too. I know that business are clearly different. And I know the Facebook issue clearly has quite a bit to do with Apple. I just wonder if you could give a bit more color on your optimism for the second half in general, for the agency business reflected in your upgraded target for the full year. With some of these larger tech companies and the issues that they face, is it just about the Apple changes that are coming through? Or are there other things that are going on in there as well? Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: I mean thats such a broad-based question in that Im not sure that an opinion about what might or might not be impacting all of them. So could it be what weve seen with iOS Absolutely. Could it be a dawning that youre seeing consumers more focused on. I talked a bit about what weve done in Acxiom with extending CCPA to  I mean, we believe that in the long term, the idea that you invest behind having the benefits of data. The precision that it gives you the ability to be kind of much more accountable to what that investment is yielding. And yet to do it in a way that is much more sort of future-proofed and built for a world in which youre not necessarily assuming this extremely asymmetrical relationship between the platform and the individual consumer. So I mean it could be that. It could be that theyre dealing with clients for whom brand safety and the responsible deployment of media is an issue. I mean it could clearly be that theres probably some share shift going on over there. And you definitely at least one or two, I mean TikTok is clearly showing up and making a really big impact. And then youve got some nascent categories be it a sports betting, be it a crypto that I think are looking at the space with a much cleaner, with fewer preconceived notions. So they might be much more democratic in their use of digital media, right? So thats the question that I think you were asking at least in part. The question about us and the agency space, I think its the same thesis that weve had for some time, right? So the thesis has been, the complexity is going to continue to increase. So the ways in which fragmentation is both potentially theres a challenge there as a marketer, theres also an opportunity there as a marketer. Then there is the get more digital in the way in which you engage. So put more time and thought and then ultimately invest more money behind those kinds of channels and then ultimately kind of build one-to-one connections and relationships with individuals. And you do that with kind of the right both marketing technology suite and skill sets and then definitively with the right data infrastructure. So I mean, we see that all of whats going on in the space that you noted is being, at least, I dont know if theyre being disrupted, theyre clearly going through some changes. We see that as continued opportunity because clearly, marketers are saying, okay, what do we do about that? What are the implications of that? How do we make sure were making the right decisions? And were well positioned to help them as their adviser as a consultant who shows up and is able to help them with those kinds of opportunities and challenges.
Tim Nollen: Yes. That answers it perfectly. Thanks, Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: Very few people ever say that about anything I do. So thank you, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. You may go ahead.
Dan Salmon: Hi great. Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I hope that I get as good as interesting answer that one, too. So Philippe, it feels like were hearing a little bit more. I guess this is a similar theme across the industry about developing solutions that reach more small and midsized businesses, maybe that goes a little bit hand-in-hand with more focus on data and technology and platforms and things that are naturally a little bit more scalable. So maybe ask my question this way. Do you expect the holding companies and obviously IPG specifically, do you expect the number of clients to grow significantly over time as historically thousands of clients with the sort of top 200, top 300 accounting for the majority of revenue. Do you see tens, hundreds of thousands of clients? Any thoughts on that would be great. And then, Ellen, thank you to both for the comments on the macro and a lot of talk about that lately. And I think the reality CMOs often do sit downstream from those decisions so to the agencies. So my question is, do you engage with your agency CFOs a little differently at times like this? So Id like to you check in more often. Is there like a DefCon level that gets raised during periods like this maybe let us know what goes on inside in your organization to help check on these things or things like this. Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: So the initial question is a great question. And I think to my mind, its definitely a place I would like to see us go. I mean I think it is factored into the planning and the thinking around here because as you say, the client universe that has been able to work with us has been significant, but ultimately reach limits. If and as we build more services that have a technology layer or component capabilities that you can, in essence, plug in off the shelf, whether thats dashboards, whether thats kind of IP that you can license from us so that you can then do a certain kind of analytic work or a certain kind of segmentation work or put data to work in midsized businesses, thats definitely a place we want to go. I dont know that, I can tell you that weve sort that out to the point where it will go from our current 5,000 clients to two times that or three times that. I think its sort of too early to its sort of premature to put that out there. But I think that what you suggest about how these capabilities and the way these capabilities are delivered do mean that we can sort of think about an addressable market and think about a middle market of clients with whom we can engage is absolutely consistent with kind of our thinking. And then Ill pass things over to Ellen for the interesting question on the CFO side of things.
Ellen Johnson: Yes. So our financial community, yes, its CFOs, but its broader than that, too. And its really a team sport, if I can use that analogy. And its not different now, but we always do talk and communicate and stay very close to our operators to make sure that we are very close to whats happening in the business and on the clients. So its continuous. And this year is no different than the previous years. Its just the way we do things. And were constantly speaking. We get together as a community; regularly share ideas, best practices and information.
Dan Salmon: Okay. So business as usual, but Im sure there are a bit more interesting conversations. So, anyway thank you both.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question is from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. You may go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. So Philippe, I will try to ask you the question that takes all the previous questions together, and then Ellen one for you. Do you think during the commentary about digital advertising, which is mostly SMB and e-commerce and theres a lot of weaknesses. Do you think this environment is favoring multinational companies, larger companies, which is the backbone of your business versus maybe small enterprises? Is there anything that you thought in terms of size operating on cost, power with distributors? So thats one. And second for you, Ellen, if the dollar keeps weakening, Ive always thought that your U.S. operations have higher margins than cash operations. I dont know if thats true or not. Thats our assumption. So if a weaker dollar keeps strengthening, wont there be a natural flattering of margins just simply from translation purposes. So those are my questions. Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thats a question that Im trying to sort of pull it apart as because to your point, it pulls in so much of what weve been talking about earlier. So I think larger clients clearly have a number of benefits. So to your point, the complexity of the work they do, the fact that theyve got the full range of capabilities at their disposal. And then the fact that if theyve invested in and many of them are further along that curve than others, but to the extent that they are thinking about and working to sort of incorporate more of the digital channels that intersect with consumers. The digital channels or the sort of ways to do D2C, whether thats in the e-comm space or whether thats through ad tech. So clearly, I do think that youre right that at this point, they do have an advantage. Its difficult for me to say whether or not  I dont think it disqualifies. I mean we see a lot of well-funded, sophisticated D2C companies that are young companies coming into market, and theyre looking to us for services once they get to a certain point in their maturation process, but its still fairly early on for them, right? And then when I think about health care, which as you know, is a big part of our mix. And really what we continue to see is a very robust area with some real promise. We work with the majors. We work with the vast majority of the really large players in that space. But were also bringing a lot of biotech companies into the fold, right? So when we win, were looking for a balanced mix. So I would say, yes, what you say definitely holds true. Do we have a perfect lens to that? No, because our client Roster does skew pretty heavily to the folks that you pointed out likely or advantaged. But there are definitely a lot of new entrants into the space who show up with a pretty sophisticated view and the ability to take on board a pretty broad range of our services and put them to use.
Ellen Johnson: And as far as FX, in general, our revenue and expenses are very well matched by currency. So impact on margin is de minimis from FX changes.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. So I had that wrong. Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: And I understand that, I guess, yes, we are at the hour. Look, again, we appreciate the time. We appreciate the continued support. We will get back to it. I dont know if I can do perfection again even anytime the next week, but thanks for that. But as I said, look, the focus on execution here is very clear. And as always, well keep you posted, and we look forward to our next conversation.
Operator: And this concludes todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 13:44:02) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group Fourth Quarter 2021 Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion.  This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for being with us. On our call today, we are joined by our CEO, Philippe Krakowsky; and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. We will begin our call with prepared remarks, to be followed by Q&A and plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties and the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operating performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Philippe Krakowsky.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I hope you're keeping well. As usual I will start with a high level view of our performance in the quarter and for the full year. Ellen will then provide additional detail. I'll conclude with updates on key developments at our agencies to be followed by Q&A. We're pleased to share our very strong fourth quarter and full year performance. Before turning to the numbers, however, I want to begin by once again thanking our more than 55,000 colleagues around the world. Their professionalism and dedication continue to be central to another year of outstanding results. Our people are delivering on the complex integration of creativity, technology and data to clients across industry sectors and around the world. This, in turn, is driving the consistent levels of growth and margin that have distinguished Interpublic for a number of years now. Turning to our results in the fourth quarter. Our organic net revenue growth was 11.7%, that's against the fourth quarter of 2020 when, as you'll recall, our organic change was negative 5.4% due to the impact of the pandemic. It's also important to note that our two year organic increase was positive 5.7% relative to the fourth quarter of 2019, which is a very strong underlying trend line. For the full year, organic growth was 11.9% and two year organic growth was 6.5%. Compared to 2020, growth in the quarter was again broad-based across world regions and client sectors. Organic growth was 12.1% in the U.S. and 11% in our international markets. Among client sectors, we were led by double-digit percentage increases in our other sector of public, industrial and services clients as well as double-digit growth in the retail, auto, financial services and tech and telecom sectors. We had strong growth again in healthcare and consumer goods. Staying in the quarter, both of our operating segments also grew at double-digit rates. Our IAN segment increased 11.2% organically and there we were led by our media, data and technology offerings, McCann, MullenLowe Group, FCB, R/GA and Huge. At our DXTRA segment, organic growth was 15.1%, reflecting strong increases by Jack Morton and Octagon, two of our offerings that were hardest hit by the pandemic a year ago. We also had strong performance by Weber Shandwick, Golin and Future brand. Turning to profitability and expenses. Our teams continued their disciplined execution and we were able to continue to invest in supporting our growth and further evolving our offerings. Fourth quarter net income was $357.9 million, as reported. Our adjusted EBITDA was $491.8 million, which is before an adjustment in the quarter relating to the 2020 restructuring program and our margin was 19.3%. That brings full year adjusted EBITDA to $1.53 billion and our margin to 16.8%, consistent with the expectation we shared with you in our October update. That compares to a margin of 13.5% a year ago and 14% in 2019. As has been the case throughout the pandemic, there were more than the usual number of moving pieces in our expense base this quarter. Our strong results led to a significant increase in performance-based compensation, as you'd expect. Expense for severance was also elevated and that reflects actions that we chose to take during the fourth quarter to further improve the efficiency of our operations and to benefit our expense base forward. Compared to last year, we delevered on our expense for base payroll in the quarter and that comparison reflects the temporary pay reductions that were still in effect a year ago, put in placed due to the pandemic and which expired at the end of 2020 as well as increased investment in talent in 2021, largely to support our growth, but also due to tighter market conditions. For the full year, we had strong operating leverage on payroll expense. Our expense for temporary labor increased from a year ago as a direct result of our very strong revenue growth. We've made significant progress in staffing to levels consistent with revenue. So that's a cost that should abate going forward. Going the other way, in our office and other expense, we had significant leverage on our expense for occupancy. Our bad debt expense decreased from a year ago, while our travel-related expenses continue to track at very low levels relative to our longer history, but they were at higher levels than last year's fourth quarter. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.90 as reported and was $0.82 as adjusted for several items. In the sum, our fourth quarter completes a year of very strong financial performance, against the key metrics of growth, adjusted EBITDA and earnings per share. Further, we paid our maturing 500 million senior notes in October from cash as we continue to program a significant financial deleveraging related to the Acxiom transaction in 2018. Since acquiring Acxiom, we have grown EBITDA, paid down debt and strengthened operating cash flow, resulting in material improvements to all key credit metrics. With reflecting on the fact that since 2017, our last full year prior to Acxiom, we have grown our adjusted EBITDA by $574 million, a full 60% to $1.53 billion. Over the same four year period, we've expanded adjusted margin by 400 basis points from 12.8% to 16.8% and we've driven compounded organic growth of 16% over those four years, marking significant outperformance compared to our direct industry competitors. Our growth, therefore, reflects more than the cyclical economic recovery that we're seeing. We're successfully helping to move the business transformation journeys of our clients forward by delivering addressable and accountable marketing programs that are increasingly integrated with our world-class creative storytelling capabilities. Confused with data and technology, our solutions are driving higher value client relationships, as marketers seeking growth amid a rapidly changing and complex landscape look to adapt and enhance their business models. The success of our clients as well as our own performance validate our longstanding strategic focus and investments and underscore the caliber of talent and client focus of our operating teams. Heading into 2020, we're confident that the continuing strength of our offerings has us well positioned in an environment of dynamic change for media and marketing, which is coupled with a solid global macroeconomic environment. Of course, we are aware that the year ahead of uncertainties and challenges from COVID to inflation and geopolitical risk. Yet as we look ahead, we anticipate that 2022 will be another year of strong growth, on top of multi-year industry-leading comparables. As such, we are targeting full year organic revenue growth of 5% in 2022. And with that level of growth, we expect that, in 2022, we will consolidate the very significant gains achieved in adjusted EBITDA margin over the past 24 months at a level of approximately 16.6%. Our margin target incorporates a number of puts and takes as operations begin to normalize to a mostly post-COVID world. Certain expenses that have been running at unusually low levels during the pandemic should begin to return to levels closer to their historic norms. These include our travel and related costs and business development expenses, both of which are investments that build the future growth of the business. In light of the current environment, our outlook also includes a modest inflationary impact on our investment in employee compensation this year, which we're actively managing to support our strong growth. This is consistent with what I believe we're all seeing reported across a broad range of industries. We anticipate that our expense for employee performance-based incentives will retrace and fall within a more normalized range consistent with our longer-term history. That will help offset the trends in other categories. We also expect to continue to see the structural benefits of our 2020 cost actions, most of which we saw in 2021 and which will continue to be evident going forward. Further, we expect that the underlying healthy incremental margins generated with revenue growth, which we've consistently delivered over a period of many years, is a factor that remains at play. With that, under 5% organic revenue growth, we expect adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 16.6% in 2022 and then continued opportunity to further expand margins with growth in the years ahead. Turning now to capital allocation. We have positive developments to share as well. Given the continuing strength of our operating results, we've announced this morning our Board's decision to once again raise IPG's quarterly dividend by 7% to $0.29 per share. This marks our 10th consecutive year of uninterrupted higher dividends, which continued through the period of pandemic. We're also pleased to resume our share repurchase program. You'll recall we had suspended share repurchase following our announcement of the Acxiom transaction in order to focus more of our resources on financial deleveraging. We're now resuming the program under an authorization of our Board of up to $400 million. And while we restart the program, we do plan to continue our commitment to operating in a manner and we'll maintain and enhance our balance sheet and financial flexibility as well as our debt credit ratings. On that note, this seems like an appropriate time to hand the call to Ellen for a more in-depth view of our results.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. I hope that everyone is safe and healthy. I would like to join Philippe and thank our people for their terrific accomplishments. As a reminder, my remarks will track the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. Beginning on Slide 2 of the presentation, fourth quarter net revenue increased 11.6% from a year ago with organic growth of 11.7%. That brings organic growth for the year to 11.9% and two year growth to 6.5%, again at the top of our industry. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was, before a restructuring adjustments to our 2020 program, was $491.8 million, and margin on net revenue was 19.3%. Diluted earnings per share was $0.90 as reported and $0.82 as adjusted to exclude the restructuring charge, the after-tax impact of the amortization of acquired intangibles, a small amount operating loss from business dispositions and the tax benefit of a net valuation reversal. We concluded the year in a strong cash position with $3.3 billion on the balance sheet and with 1.6x gross financial debt to EBITDA as defined in our credit facility. Our Board increased our quarterly dividend to $0.29 and we are pleased to resume share repurchase this year under a new $400 million authorization. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Turning to the fourth quarter and full year revenue on Slide 4. Our net revenue in the quarter was $2.55 billion, an increase of $264.5 million from a year ago. Compared to Q4 2020, the impact of the change in exchange rates was positive 20 basis points. Net divestitures were negative 30 basis points, which reflects our disposition of certain small non-strategic agencies. Our organic net revenue increase was 11.7%, which is the right on this slide, brings us to 11.9% for the full year. At the bottom of the slide, we break out segment revenue in the quarter and the year. We had double-digit growth in both segments. In the quarter, our IAN segment grew 11.2% organically. We have notably strong growth across our offerings. At IPG DXTRA, organic growth was 15.1%, similarly reflecting double-digit growth across all major marketing services disciplines. It's worth noting here that beginning with this year's first quarter report, we will introduce new reportable segments, increasing the number of segments from two to three. Our new segments reflect changes to how we run the business in order to help further the value of our services to reflect the evolution of our markets and organize IPG around expanded capabilities, opportunities and scale. Our segment reporting will be reformulated for these changes and provide an updated view of IPG. We will have more to share about our new segments at the time of our first quarter report in April. Moving on to Slide 5. Our revenue growth by region in the quarter. The U.S. grew 12.1% organically against a decrease of 1.8% a year ago. Performance was strong across both our IAN and DXTRA segments and was broad-based and across client sectors. The U.S. was 61% of our net revenue in the quarter and 63% for the full year. International markets were 39% of our net revenue in the quarter and increased 11% organically. You'll recall that the same markets decreased 10.5% a year ago. The U.K. increased 6.2% organically, led by our offerings in media, data and tech by McCann and by IPG DXTRA. Continental Europe grew 6%, which reflects increases across all of our largest national markets that includes Germany, Spain, Italy, France and the Netherlands. Asia Pac increased 9.7% organically, with a strong performance in Australia, Singapore, India and Japan. China decreased from a year ago. In LatAm, we continue to see exceptional results with organic growth of 22.5% in the quarter. Colombia, Argentina, Brazil and Chile were all notably strong. Our other international markets group, which consists of Canada and the Middle East and Africa grew 18.7% organically, which reflects double-digit growth across each of those markets. Moving on to Slide 6, in operating expenses. Our fully adjusted EBITDA margin for the year was 16.8% compared to 13.5% in 2020 and 14% in 2019. Fourth quarter margin was 19.3% compared with 21.8% a year ago. As you can see on this slide, our ratio of total salaries and related expense as a percentage of net revenue was 62.2% compared with 58.9% in last year's fourth quarter when temporary pay reductions were still in place for some of our senior teams. Our expense for employee performance-based incentive compensation was also notably lower a year ago as was our expense for severance. We continue to see the benefit of our 2020 strategic restructuring actions, which, you may recall, resulted in the elimination of 1,500 positions globally as well as a 15% reduction to our real estate footprint. Our office and other direct expense decreased as a percent of net revenue by 90 basis points to 15.1%. That mainly reflects lower occupancy expense due to the restructuring of our real estate and leverage on our growth. We also reduced all other office and other direct expense compared to last year as a percent of revenue, which reflects lower expense for bad debt and leverage on our revenue growth. While travel and related expenses, which are still not back to pre-pandemic levels, they were higher than a year ago. Our SG&A expense was 1.3% of net revenue, an increase of 30 basis points. Slide 7 depicts our operating leverage for the full year of those same categories. With 16.8% margin in 2021, we had 330 basis points of operating leverage compared to 2020. As you can see on this slide, we improved our salary and related ratio by 70 basis points and have 300 basis points of leverage on our office and other direct expense. Our SG&A expense deleveraged by 60 basis points. Turning to Slide 8. This present detail on adjustments to our fourth quarter results in order to give you better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left-hand side with our reported results and steps through to adjusted EBITDA, excluding restructuring and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles in the second column was $21.5 million. The restructuring adjustment was $13 million, and the related tax benefit was $2.9 million. Below operating expenses in Column 4, we had a small loss in the quarter of $800,000 in other expense due to the disposition of a few small nonstrategic businesses. To the right, in Column 5 on this slide, we had $59.4 million tax benefit in the quarter, which is mainly due to the reversal of the tax valuation allowance in one of our European markets. This is the result of sustained profitability improvement. The benefit was $0.15 per diluted share. At the foot of the slide, you can see the after-tax impact per diluted share of each of these adjustments, which bridges our diluted EPS as reported at $0.90 to adjusted earnings of $0.82 per diluted share. Slide 9 depicts similar adjustments for the full year, again, for continuity and comparability. Our amortization expense was $86.2 million. Our charge for restructuring were $10.6 million. Dispositions over the course of the year resulted in a book loss of $13.3 million. As you've seen, the net impact of tax valuation allowance reversals was a benefit of $59.4 million. The loss on early extinguishment of debt in the first quarter was $74 million. The result is adjusted full year diluted EPS of $2.60, an increase of 50% over comparable diluted EPS in 2020. Note that our adjusted effective tax rate for the full year was 25%, which is better than we anticipated due to stronger-than-expected profitability in lower tax jurisdictions. On Slide 10, we turn to cash flow for the quarter. Cash from operations was $2.08 billion, which is the highest level in our company's history. That compares to $1.85 billion a year ago. Cash from working capital was $743.4 million, another strong result for the full year by $900.1 million in 2020 and $443 million in 2019. A few factors contributed to our strong working capital results. Most notably, we had, again, strong growth in disciplines of 10 to generate cash from working capital. Also, our accrual for our performance-based incentive compensation program increased when compared to 2020. As we pointed out in the past, working capital can be volatile and is a highly seasonal component of our total cash flow. We have continued to invest in insights and capabilities in this important area of our operations. Our investing activities used $185.3 million in the year, mainly reflecting CapEx of $195.3 million. Our financing activities used $1.08 billion, representing our pay down of debt in our common stock dividend Our net increase in cash for the year was $760.7 million. Slide 11 is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the year with $3.3 billion of cash and equivalents. Slide 12 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt and our diversified maturity schedule, having paid off $500 million of the October senior notes, totaled at year-end was $3 billion. In summary, on Slide 13, the teams continue to execute at a high level. I would like to again recognize the accomplishments of our people and especially their performance over the last two-years in an unprecedented environment. The strength of our balance sheet and liquidity have us well-positioned to continue our track record of profitable growth. And with that, I'll turn it back to Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Ellen. As you can see from our strong results, the combination of strategy, talent and culture we've built at IPG, continues to drive innovation, collaboration and creativity that fuel client success. Previously, we've discussed the ways in which the pandemic accelerated technology-driven shifts in media and consumer behavior, that IPG had anticipated and invested in going back for quite a few years. As marketers increasingly look for partners with expertise in first-party data management, performance media, creative ad tech and direct-to-consumer commerce, we remain well-positioned with a range of expertise that can help our clients win in the digital economy. Throughout 2021, our best-in-class agency brands were increasingly able to tap into IPG's foundational technology and data layer, inclusive of Acxiom, Kinesso and Matterkind. Across disciplines, channels and use cases, this democratization of data is contributing to a growing range of effective client solutions and outcomes. We also remain highly focused and capable of delivering highly customized, integrated teams, which we call open architecture teams. That are specific to client needs, all of them backed by the strong and deep data and tech capability. And this ability to integrate disciplines and expertise builds on the creative excellence of our branded agencies. In 2021, this combination helped us to be named Holding Company of the Year at the New York Festival's Advertising Awards and Data Holding Company of the Year by the One Club. We were also recognized as the most effective holding company at the USFC Awards. And now drilling down and looking at specific highlights from the quarter, I think results were led by our media, data and technology offerings. Within media, where we continue to see major changes in the digital ecosystem, marketers require partners who are well resourced. And we have the right tools to realize the benefits of increasingly addressable media, investment in e-commerce channels and a deep granular understanding of audiences. That's why with our consultative media model, we continue to see strong growth in the sector. Media brands is once again a leader. During the quarter, we saw a significant global win at UM with Dyson. And UM also successfully defended its H&M and Henkel business. It was named a Best Place to Work by Ad Age in January, and also quite recently won the Grubhub account in a highly competitive review. Initiative closed out a very strong year, with a Q4 win of QuickBooks domestically as well as being named by ING Group as its media partner in a number of key international markets. Our data and technology assets, inclusive of Acxiom, continued to be strong contributors to how we operate and to our growth. Our agency's predictive analytics tools are built in collaboration with Acxiom, and they can optimize the consumer journey with a foundation that's built on identity resolution, which delivers experiences across all touch points with timeliness and precision. In the farfetched pitch, which was won by Mediahub, Acxiom and Kinesso capabilities helped develop a strategic road map for the client's data and identity infrastructure, and that was instrumental to that new business win. Kinesso and Matterkind capabilities, such as Kinesso Intelligence Identity, which we refer to as Kii and high-value audiences or HVAs, as well as addressable activation across many digital channels, are playing a significant role in all of our media, go-to-market. On our last call, we discussed the launch of Kii, which helps clients stitch together multiple large data sets with maximum efficiency and effectiveness, and that's across both the ad tech and the MarTech ecosystem. And during the quarter, we continued to see double-digit percentage increases in campaign improvement for our clients who are using Kii. In October, Acxiom announced that it had teamed up with Toyota Motor in North America to create a flexible platform solution that elevates customer experiences without the use of third-party cookies. And that's a solution that's replacing the client's traditional data management platform. Acxiom also announced that its real identity solution can now seamlessly integrate with the Adobe Experience Platform. And this is a partnership that transforms the identity model by placing the brand at the center and all third-party data, tech or identity providers, as contributors to a brand's proprietary identity management system. And that's something that's critical as third-party cookies go away. Now the agencies within IPG Health also continue to deliver outstanding results for us. Having a singular focus and a comprehensive set of global services, the network has been able to leverage many of the data-infused tools we're building for clients. Worth mentioning that one of our largest wins of 2020  excuse me of 2021 was in the health care space. So it didn't receive trade press attention. It was more significant in size than many of the headline names that were known to be in review. And this is increasingly characteristic of the services found throughout our portfolio, because they called upon our more consultative strategic and specialized capabilities and they're often more technical and higher value. Such work needs to clear a high bar when it comes to compliance and confidentiality, while at the same time, empowering consumers. In this case, to play a more proactive role in their health and well-being. Our global advertising networks continued to earn widespread industry recognition for high levels of creativity, while furthering their delivery of client-centric integrated services. FCB again won significant industry accolades that confirm its place as one of the industry's most creative networks. At the Campaign U.S. Big Awards, FCB was named Agency of the Year. And at the Global Best of the Best Effie Awards, FCB New York and FCB/SIX, which is the agency's creative data and CRM offering, both won Grand Effies. During the quarter, the network also continued to win in the market, with FCB/SIX adding new work from its Janssen client and FCB Canada bringing home Hersheys. McCann Worldgroup named a new Global Chief Creative Officer. He's one of the most accomplished and awarded brand marketers and creative storytellers in the world of consumer marketing, known during his career at Nike for rallying the best creative ideas and implementing them across platforms. In addition, the World Advertising Research Center named McCann Worldgroup the top network globally for effectiveness. And at the Epica Awards, which are the only creative prizes judged by the industry press, McCann Worldgroup was named Network of the Year. In terms of new business, notable wins in the quarter included MRM partnering with our PR specialist Current Global to win the BISSELL Homecare business; and McCann U.K.'s win of Thomas Cook. In MullenLowe Group, new business continued strong as it had throughout the year with a decision by Credit Karma in the U.S. to make the agency its creative AOR, which was followed by the U.K. Department of Health, choosing the Network's London office to oversee the government's integrated COVID-19 communications efforts. Mediahub won three Adweek Media Plan of the Year Awards and continues to build on a strong partnership with our Acxiom and Kinesso teams. Among our independent agencies domestically, the Martin Agency was named at Adweeks 2021 U.S. Agency of the Year for the second year in a row, and it won the Sabra account during the quarter. The other outstanding performer from across this group is Deutsch LA, which continued to post strong growth through great work and deliver innovation for a broad range of national and regional clients. At DXTRA, Weber Shandwick continues to win significant assignments from major brands, including recently being selected as AB InBev's Global Corporate Reputation agency of record. Weber Shandwick ranked number one and promotes media global creative index and was named PRWeek's Purpose Agency of the Year for the second year running. The launch of its new Weber collective positioning, which showcases the agency's full range of capabilities, coupled with an increased focus on earned media, are indicative of the next evolution in Weber strategy. During the quarter, Weber Shandwick, Octagon and MRM came together as part of an integrated team to win the global communications, digital sponsorship and marketing strategy for DXT Technologies. Octagon was also selected by ADP to develop its sponsorship strategy and to manage multi-platform sports programming. Golin was chosen by NAPA Auto Parts as the brand's first PR agency, and Current Global was named PR AOR for Kellogg brands like RXBAR, Kashi and Pure Organic. Our specialist digital agencies are among the most innovative within the IPG portfolio and continue to develop their offerings for the world of Web 3.0. And the opportunities that will provide to consumers and create for marketers. R/GA added a number of new business wins during Q4, notably CVS Experience and Samsung Home Appliances. R/GA was named top agency  the top agency performer, on R3's new business league table for the U.S. in 2021, and that report notes that the agency's outperformance and the creative sector demonstrates that clients are leaning more heavily into digital transformation work. R/GA also continues to innovate in the metaverse. The agency recently launched a direct avatar commerce experience for a retail brand, which marks an evolution of direct-to-consumer selling. The agency created a scavenger hunt in the metaverse and experience for a large telco client, and R/GA opened its first virtual office in Decentraland. Under its recently installed CEO and his team, Huge is continuing its internal transformation process, building on the leading position that it holds in creating customer experiences from the digital marketplace. The agency is increasingly focused on using data, power more precised dynamic content and experiences, and we'll also continue to build out an even more robust consulting practice. Turning now to the holding company level as it were. I think that, as you know, we've got a long-standing commitment to ESG as a key strategic priority at IPG. And this includes sustainability, diversity, equity and inclusion. During the fourth quarter, we were pleased to be named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America for the second consecutive year, and this is a distinction that recognizes the top tier of sustainability performers among the 600 largest U.S. and Canadian companies. At the start of this year, we were named to the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index for the third year in a row, another important honor. And in the HRC Corporate Quality Index, we were once again named the Best Place to Work for LGBTQ+ talent. So the business in which attracting top talent is vital to our success, whether that's in the creative services area or in our growing data and technology capabilities, an intentional approach to ESG is an important part of our strategy. for making IPG a place people want to join and one where they can build long and successful careers. Looking forward, we believe IPG is well-positioned for the future. Much of our growth in the quarter and the year was fueled by disciplines and client sectors that most actively tapped into our technology layer, whether that's data capabilities, analytics or precision marketing. We see significant opportunity for more of our creative agencies and our marketing services specialists, which is live events and sports marketing to be a part of this connected ecosystem. This will help a broader range of our agencies make their thinking and their work, more fully informed by a deep understanding of audiences. And as a result, it will make that work more accountable and effective which can help us to continue to build on our industry-leading growth trajectory. As stated earlier, we expect to deliver strong growth in 2022, with a target of 5%, on top of an industry-leading record that goes back a number of years. Consistent with that level of growth, we foresee adjusted EBITDA margin at a level of approximately 16.6% as we consolidate the gains made over the last 24 months and position ourselves for further margin expansion in the years ahead. Another key area for value creation remains our very strong balance sheet and liquidity. Our ongoing commitment to capital returns is clear in the actions announced by our Board today, which also speak to confidence in our future prospects. We're pleased with the dividend increase and also by our return to share repurchase through key components of a balanced approach to capital allocation. Alongside these actions, we'll further invest behind the growth of our businesses by developing our people and continuing to differentiate our offerings. This will be supplemented by our disciplined approach to M&A, focusing on opportunities that are consistent with strategic growth areas, especially in connected commerce and digital consumer experiences. We thank our clients, our people and those of you on this call for your continued support. And with that, let's open the floor to questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question is from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. You may go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Hi, thank you. Philippe, I was hoping you could expand on your thoughts on the advertising market generally at the moment. How much of the strength in ad spend do you see is driven by cyclical recovery versus some of the structural factors you highlighted, like marketers trying to capitalize on outsized changes in consumer behavior, changes in media consumption?
Philippe Krakowsky: How are you and welcome? Look, I would characterize the environment overall is healthy. So I think we're seeing both, right? I think clients, clearly, for a host of reasons, want to, need to and understand the value of being active in the marketplace. And I think that's across a broad range of channels, although the focus is clearly on deepening relationships with consumers. And so I'd say that the highest area of demand, which won't surprise you, is for services and capabilities where you've got a greater digital component, data-driven component, accountability, clearly and precision are absolutely key, right? But there's still a strong need for thinking and for work that's going to bring brand to life in mass media, right? So I mean I look at what's going to happen this weekend. We've got kind of a number of clients who are going to feature and make news on the Super Bowl. It's still very effective kind of platform. And then the other place we see demand is for sort of integrated campaigns. So when you want to land, articulate and then land an idea across a full range of touch points because I think that, again, when a marketer is launching a new product, looking to differentiate their service, they see the value of all of those. Now other factors that come to mind when I kind of think about what you put out there, I'd sort of  when you think about, say, Q4 project as it were activity in Q4 was healthy. So there's also an interest in the kind of work that our marketing services and activation agencies are doing. So I think that probably tracked modestly north of overall growth in the quarter. And then if you sort of think about experiential event, a small piece of our offering, but still an important part of the overall offering. That was back to circa 85% of the level that we were seeing in Q4 of 2019. So I think all of those things tell you that what we're seeing is a combination of both. There's definitely a broader recovery going on. But I think there's also a shift to an understanding that you can  and that you have to have a voice in the marketplace given the complexity of what's going on, the speed of what's going on. And some of the other pressure points that clients are feeling in terms of their business and how they need to drive their story, their franchise forward.
David Karnovsky: Okay. And then just two for Ellen, if I could. I think some inflationary impact the base salary was mentioned for 2022. I don't know if you can quantify that and expand on some of the actions you're taking to manage? And then second on the buyback, any sense for how investors should think about the pace? Is it fair to look at your repurchases pre-Acxiom has gone? Thank you.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. Good morning. So starting first with  I'll start with our margin target. That was a product of a very long and thorough budgeting process. So yes, while there is some modest inflation implicit in there, we believe it is manageable. And there will be a bunch of puts and takes, as you would expect in 2022. Incentive comp, severance temp should all normalize. We're very confident in the restructuring savings. And I would go back to the fact that we have a proven track record of managing margin. If you go back four years, I mean, we've increased our margin 400 basis points. So we feel very confident in our ability to manage that. Turning to your question on share buyback, we've had a very consistent and disciplined approach to capital allocation. We said from early on, we delevered as a result of the Acxiom acquisition, we've done that. And now we're proud and happy to be resuming it. So I would go back to past history to look at our spending, both on an annualized basis as well as the seasonal components of it.
David Karnovsky: Very helpful. Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Hey good morning, everybody.
Philippe Krakowsky: Hi, Ben.
Ben Swinburne: Hello. Philippe, maybe you could talk a little bit about sort of the disciplines or parts of your business that you think are going to drive growth in 2022? I imagine a lot of the addressable media products that you guys have brought to market, maybe a leader. But just trying to think about both the secular growers, but also any areas that haven't totally recovered like events, for example? Particularly as we think about comparing your guidance, which is well ahead of expectations compared to your competitors who have guided even, in some cases, higher numbers. And then, Ellen, is there a leverage level that you guys want to manage the company to over time? Just as we think about balancing acquisition spend and buybacks looking out over the next couple of years is sort of their  a target leverage or something you can help us with around being investment grade. Anything on that front would be helpful. Thank you both.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. Look, I mean, if you look at Q4, which I think it kind of helps to sort of think, okay, what are we seeing as we head into the new year? I think the sort of strongest areas of growth aren't going to surprise you in the lease bid. So media, data tech if you sort of pull it from a disciplined point of view. Health care, if you think about it as a sector point of view. Clearly, the U.S. is a region where there we had strength kind of across the board. I mean, Media brand is strong. McCann and FCB were strong, as to help, in particular. Acxiom had a really good quarter. So I think to my mind, it's where you've got more of those data capabilities and that ability to connect what we do on the marketing services and the kind of creative ideation side of things through the line to this data and tech layer. But in terms of the recovery, as we called out, when you look at on the experiential and events businesses, they're clearly helped by the fact that you're comparing to fairly depressed levels in 2020. I think that what's positive there is that we're clearly not going to see lockdowns of the kinds of restrictions, societal response to whatever the lingering effects of COVID seems to be kind of normalizing. And so I think we're going to  we see continued opportunity there. It's a modest part of the portfolio. It's probably sub 5% of the portfolio. But as I say, we see it as a place where we can integrate all the way through with our other assets. But I think we all see it as a place where smart marketers are going to look at some of those areas as places where they can do something that a lot of clients are very focused on, which is build their repository of first-party data. So they're interacting with consumers in live settings. And so when you think that through on a going-in basis, you can build those experiences in a way that I think is going to be really beneficial for a marketer.
Ellen Johnson: And to answer your question, we've been very consistent in this area, too. We've consistently valued, maintaining a strong balance sheet and having the financial flexibility that we need to both invest in our business, both organically through CapEx and through strategic M&A as well as maintaining a balanced return of capital. And that's not going to change. We're very happy with our credit ratings. We plan to maintain them. But we're also very excited to have consistently increased our dividend and to be returning to share repurchases.
Ben Swinburne: Would you guys like to be acquisitive again in 2022? Is that something you're looking to lean into now that you've delevered post Acxiom?
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, it's clearly an avenue that's available to us. And I think that having come through Acxiom now and having integrated it, I think, very effectively and having been really disciplined in moving through the deleveraging. When you think about, as I said, areas like digital consumer experience, areas like whatever the sort of breadth of commerce is because obviously, whether you call it e-commerce or connected commerce, those are definitely areas where we're going to be thoughtful, but  and we've always been of the  if we can invest in it and build it ourselves, that's clearly a preferred approach that's worked well for us over time. But the rate of change is high. And where you find an asset that brings IP and a technology capability that's distinctive, it can clearly help accelerate the business. So we're definitely going to be looking, I think, in those areas in a thoughtful way.
Ben Swinburne: Right. Thank you very much both.
Ellen Johnson: Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. You may go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. Philippe, I have one short term and one long term. Short term is, in the fourth quarter, it looks like the UK and Europe kind of came in mid-teen digit organic growth. Was there anything in those regions that you wanted to call out? And is that part of the reason for your guide in 2022? Is there anything there that consistent for 2022? And then just stepping back and thinking about how you position the company and the tailwinds coming out of the pandemic or the things that you've thought about, why wouldn't the next two or three years organic growth be better in the two-year stack that you just gave us, right? So I'm trying to figure out like why aren't we in an accelerating period of organic growth, given the positioning of your company and where marketers are going? So, thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, I'll take them kind of backwards. Look, I mean, I think that  I would frame your growth question over a multiyear period, right? And so I think if you think about it, you say, okay, we deliver on the growth target we just put out there. I assume that competitors who guided do the same and then take out some of the volatility of pandemic by, say, doing a three-year stack, do a four-year, whatever you need to do. But if you do a three-year stack and you roll that scenario out, our growth is still going to be, I'd say, 2x the industry average. And so to our mind, that says very competitive offerings. And I think more importantly, it says that's a platform for go-forward sustainable growth. It's a big business, and we're in the midst of trying to move through and assess and modernize a lot of it. And you see the places where we've been successful and gotten out ahead of that. But there's still reasonable ways to go. So that's opportunity. But that also, to my mind, doesn't then translate into sort of a hockey stick. And then on the UK question, I would put to you that we've got  in any region, the nature of our business the  sort of the size that, that represents to us all in, and it's a quarter. And what we had in the UK was quite variable performance. Oddly enough, we had a couple of marketing services assets, and we're not going to sort of call out the specifics, but we had a few marketing services and project assets there, which whether it was specific to them or to a client, didn't perform as well. We had a bunch of the assets I call that on Ben's question that did perform very well. But I think looking at a specific quarter in a region for us tends not to be, I think, all that strong an indicator of how the business is performing. And I'd sort of say, take a look at the year, whether it's international overall or for any of the regions.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thats what I asked. Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Jason Bazinet with Citi. You may go ahead.
Jason Bazinet:  so it seems to me that there's still this disconnect between how the buy side perceives your firm in the industry and the facts on the ground, where you guys are growing faster than the overall economy and a lot of margin expansion over the years. And so my question is, is there a way to just talk about the margin expansion you've had to date from that 10%, 11% range up to mid-16? How much of that has come from sort of disciplined cost containment? And how much of it has come from adding more value to your clients in this more complex world? And when you move to this three-segment reporting, do you think that will allow the buy side to understand or tease apart sort of the higher value services that might have allowed you to expand the margin as you add more value to your clients? Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I mean, to your point, I think the thinking behind adding that additional segment view is it's unlikely that we could give you line of sight into how the business is run, because in the case of many of our really large clients, it is a very integrated broad range of services that are brought to bear. And because we're continuing to try to evolve the business, right? But clearly, our thinking in going to a third segment or a three-segment view will be to give you better line of sight into precisely the question that you've asked. And then I think that the other thing that we clearly try to do is call out where the strong performers are and then be very direct with you about the fact that the places where we've seen growth over the last few years in media, in data and tech, in health care are not only our stronger growers, but they're also  they're accretive to growth, and they're also accretive to margin. So they are building, as you say,  there is clearly disciplined cost management, and we've got terrific teams in that regard. There's clearly the benefit of the restructuring. But there's also, as you say, the fact that the nature of what we do is generating more value for clients, and we're still work in progress in terms of evolving the business model as well in terms of how our commercial model, in terms of how we engage with clients, but we're going to keep trying to  as we move through this process, give you some line of sight into how that's going.
Jason Bazinet: Thats great. Thank you very much.
Philippe Krakowsky: No, please, thank you.
Operator: And I'll turn it back to speakers for any closing remarks.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, look, again, just thank you all for the time. We know there's a lot to cover on this particular call because we're both recapping a quarter a year and giving you line of sight. But as we said, we're excited about what's ahead. And we're very focused on the fact that that's going to require everybody on our side to execute. So thank you, and we'll talk to you in relatively short order. We've got the call coming up.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-21 15:25:10) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion.  This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. This morning, we are joined by, Philippe Krakowsky, Interpublic CEO; and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. We will begin our call with prepared remarks, to be followed by Q&A, and plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Philippe Krakowsky.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I hope everyone is keeping well. As usual, I'll start with a high level view of our performance in the quarter. Ellen will then provide additional details. I'll conclude with updates on key developments at our agencies and then we will follow that with Q&A. We're pleased to share our very strong third quarter performance, but before turning to the numbers, I'd like to begin by recognizing and thanking our people across all of Interpublic, who continued to show a high level of dedication and support to our clients and to one another. They're the principle reason we can report such strong results again this quarter. So, people are delivering insight and execution required for the complex integration of creativity, technology, and data at scale and marketers across industry sectors need in order to accelerate their business transformation journeys. This kind of work is helping set a standard for our industry and further build on IPG's record of industry outperformance and margin expansion. As we've moved through September and now into October, it's also been rewarding to begin welcoming our people back to office settings and to see many of our teams together again, in the places where creativity, collaboration, and culture are ultimately rooted and regularly renewed. Turning to our results in the quarter. Our net organic revenue growth in the third quarter was 15%, that's against the third quarter of 2020 when as you'll recall our organic change was negative 3.7% due to the impact of the pandemic. It's also important to note that our two-year organic increase with 10.7% relative to the third quarter of 2019, which is a strong result. Compared to 2020, our growth in the quarter was again broad-based by region of the world, discipline as well as client sector. Organic growth was 14.7% in the U.S. and it ranged between 11% and 20% in our international regions. Both of our operating segments also grew at double-digit rates. Our IAN segment increased 14.4% organically, with all major agencies contributing high single to double-digit percentage increases. We were led by media, data and technology, R/GA and Huge, as well as by MullenLowe, McCann and FCB highlighted by notable contributions from their healthcare and advertising disciplines. At our DXTRA segment, organic growth was 18.6%, reflecting double-digit increases across each of our DXTRA agencies and furthering the rebounds from the sharp impact of the pandemic last year on our sports and entertainment, as well as experiential businesses. Looking at client sectors, the picture is also want to balance growth, but nearly every one of our eight major client sectors increasing at a double-digit percentage rate, led by the auto sector, our other sector with government and industrials and the tech and telecom, retail, and healthcare sectors. Turning to profitability and expenses. Our results, again, demonstrate outstanding focus and execution by our operating teams even as we continue to invest to support areas of accelerating growth and to enhance our offerings. Third quarter net income was $239.9 million as reported. Our adjusted EBITDA was $369.5 million. And our margin of adjusted EBITDA before restructuring was 16.3% compared with 16.2% a year ago, and 14.7% in the third quarter of 2019. There were several factors worth noting within those comparisons. We have solid operating leverage on our expenses for base payroll, as we continue to see the structural benefits of the strategic cost actions taken last year. Those are reflected in our base payroll, as well as our occupancy expenses. To-date our very strong top line growth is also outpacing the associated hiring and therefore, our expense for temporary labor increased from a year ago. Our travel and related expenses continue to track at low levels, but still we're somewhat higher than last year. As we look ahead T&E expense will pick up over the remainder of the year. Our expense accrual for employee performance based incentive compensation, however, increased as a percentage of net revenue, which is a direct result of our strong operating performance. Third quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.60 as reported and was $0.63 as adjusted for the after tax expense of the amortization of acquired intangibles and other items. In sum, our quarter as well as our year-to-date, speak to strong financial performance across the key metrics of growth, EBITDA and earnings per share. Our for growth reflects the cyclical economic recovery, as well as the important structural occurrence that favor the kinds of higher order expertise with which we're well-resourced. The work we're doing solves for the increasingly complex world faced by our clients in a marketing and media environment. That's defined by a very rapid rate of change. This is a validation of our long-term strategic focus on building offerings that help clients integrate brand experience across all consumer touch points, improve their capacity to apply data in the way their business goes to market and capitalize on the benefits of technology and digital channels. Going back a number of years, we've anticipated transformational opportunities of this type of environment. Other important drivers of our continued success, our ability to deliver fully integrated solutions through our open architecture model and our emphasis on strong agency brands and best industry talent, so as to deliver breakthrough creative ideas and content. We've also fostered a culture that respects the individual, is transparent with respect to clients and is accountable when it comes to data privacy and media responsibility. Turning to our outlook. With our seasonally important fourth quarter still ahead, we're pleased to increase our financial performance objectives. We now expect that we can deliver organic growth for the year of approximately 11%, which is ahead of the 9% to 10% range we had previously indicated. With growth at that higher level and given our strong results through the nine months, we would therefore expect to achieve adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 16.8%, which is an increase of 80 basis points over the level that we had previously shared with you. Our outlook is based on expectations of a reasonably steady course of public health and global economic recovery. We begin the fourth quarter well-positioned and the strong operating moment, and the tone of the business remained solid as we head into the year-end and holiday season. As such, we see 2021 as another year, a strong value creation for all of our stakeholders. And on that note, I'll now hand over the call to Ellen for more in-depth view of our results.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. I hope that everyone is safe and healthy. I would like to join Philippe and thank our people for their terrific accomplishments. As a reminder of my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. Beginning on slide two of the presentation, third quarter net revenue increased 15.7% from a year ago, with organic growth of 15%. Adjusted EBITDA before a small restructuring adjustment was $369.5 million and margin was 16.3%. Diluted earnings per share was $0.60 as reported and $0.63 as adjusted for the after tax impact of the amortization of acquired intangibles, a small restructuring adjustment and the net gain from the disposition of non-strategic businesses. On October 1st, following the conclusion of the third quarter, we repaid our $500 million 3.75% senior notes from cash on hand, further to leveraging our balance sheet. Turning to slide three, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Turning to the third quarter revenue on slide four. Our net revenue in the quarter was $2.26 billion, an increase of $307.1 million from a year ago. Compared to Q3, 2020, the impact of the change in exchange rates was positive 1.1%, with the US dollar weaker than a year ago in all world regions with the exception of LatAm. Net investitures were negative 40 basis points. Our net organic revenue increase was 15%, which brings us to 12% organic growth for the nine months. At the bottom of this slide, we break out the segment revenue in the quarter. Our IAN segment grew 14.4% organically. We had notably strong growth across our offerings in media, data and tech, R/GA, Huge, McCann Worldgroup, FCB driven by health and the MullenLowe Group. At IPG DXTRA organic growth was 18.6%, which reflects double-digit growth across public relations, experiential, sports and entertainment and branding disciplines. Moving onto slide five, which is a look at our organic revenue change by region. In the U.S. which was 65% of our net revenue in the quarter, organic growth was 14.7%. The organic revenue decrease a year ago was 2.4%. Year-on-year performance was notably strong across both our IAN and DXTRA segments and almost all of our agencies led by media, data and tech, FCB, MullenLowe, McCann, Weber, and Jack Morton. International markets were 35% of our net revenue in the quarter and increased 15.4% organically. You'll recall that the same markets decreased 6% a year ago. The U.K. increased 13.3% organically, led by our offerings in media, data and tech, DXTRA, McCann and R/GA. Continental Europe grew 11.8%. Among our largest national markets we had notably strong growth in Germany, Spain, Italy, and France. There were a number of operating highlights in the region led by media, data and tech, DXTRA and R/GA. Asia-PAC increased 17.4% organically led by growth across most national markets, notably Australia, Singapore, India, the Philippines, China and Japan. Our organic growth in LatAm was 20.3% with exceptional results in Brazil, Argentina, Colombia and Chile. Our other markets group, which consists of Canada, The Middle East and Africa grew 17.1% organically, led by notably strong performance in Canada. Moving onto slide six and operating expenses in the quarter. Our fully adjusted EBITDA margin was 16.3% compared with 16.2% a year ago and 14.7% in the third quarter of 2019. We continue to see efficiencies in a number of different expense categories as we had in this year's first half and these were both structural and variable. In the structural category, we are seeing the benefit of the strategic restructuring actions, which we initiated in the second quarter last year, and continued to execute over the back half of 2020. As we've called up previously we've also had a sharp decrease in certain variable operating expenses from pre-COVID levels. I would call out specifically travel and related expenses, which will increase from the third quarter of a year ago were still well below their level in 2019.  As you can see on this slide, our ratio of total salaries and related expense as a percentage of net revenue was 66.8% compared with 65% in last year's third quarter. The increase was due to higher expenses in two categories. Our accruals were performance-based. Incentive compensation was 5.8% of net revenue, and our expense for temporary labor, which was 5% of net revenue in the quarter. We had strong leverage on our expense or base payroll, benefits and tax, which was 53.9% of third quarter net revenue, which reflects the benefit of our restructuring actions and the fact that the pace of hiring lags our strong revenue growth, which has been the case in past economic expansions. At quarter-end, total worldwide headcount was approximately 54,600, an 8% increase from a year ago. We've added net 4,500 people year-to-date to support our growth. Also on this slide, our office and other direct expense decreased as a percent of net revenue by 250 basis points to 13.3%, that reflects lower occupancy expense mainly due to the restructuring of our real estate. The ratio was 5% of net revenue. We also reduced all other office and other direct expense by 120 basis points compared to last year, which reflects lower expense for bad debt and leverage as a result of our growth. Our SG&A expense was 1.4% of net revenue, with the increase from a year ago due to higher and allocated performance-based incentive expense and increased employee insurance, which was at a very low level last year. On slide seven, we present detail on adjustments to our reported third quarter results in order to provide greater clarity and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left-hand side of the page with our reported results and steps through to adjusted EBITDA and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles in the second column was $21.5 million. The restructuring refinement in the quarter was the benefit of $3.5 million. To be clear, this is an adjustment to estimates of the 2020 restructuring program. Below operating expenses in column four, we had a gain due to the disposition of certain non-strategic businesses, which was $1.7 million in the quarter. As the foot of the slide, you can see the after tax impact per diluted share of these adjustments was $0.03 per share, which bridges our diluted EPS as reported at $0.60 to adjusted earnings of $0.63 per diluted share. The appendix to our presentation includes a similar bridge for diluted EPS for the nine-month period. On slide eight, we turn to cash flow in the quarter. Cash from operations was $390.2 million compared to $689.3 million a year ago. We generated $79.6 million from working capital compared to $376.8 million last year, which was an unusually strong seasonal result. Investing activities used $72 million in the quarter mainly for CapEx $61.3 million. Financing activities used $153.3 million mainly for our dividends. Our net increase in cash for the quarter was $152.5 million. Slide nine is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $2.5 billion of cash and equivalents. Under current liabilities, the current portion of long-term debt refers to our $500 million, 3.75% senior notes, which have matured since the balance sheet date and we were repaid with cash on hand. Slide 10 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt. Again, this includes the October 1st maturity. Our next maturity is $250 million due April, 2024. And following that, there's nothing until 2028. In summary on slide 11, our teams continue to execute at a high level in an unprecedented environment. I would like to reiterate our pride in and gratitude for the efforts of our people. The strengths of our balance sheet and liquidity means that we remain well-positioned both financially and commercially. And with that, I'll turn it back to Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Ellen. The combination of our exceptionally talented people and a balanced portfolio of offerings and capabilities continues to set the standard for growth in our industry. The strategic steps we've taken over the long-term have positioned IPG as a high value business partner to our clients. We're able to combine the power of creativity and narrative storytelling with the benefits of data and technology in order to deliver growth for marketers across a broad range of sectors. These strategic steps are evident in our strong results and position as well going forward. By helping clients to better understand audiences and to engage with them with greater precision and accountability, we can help company succeed the digital economy. Today, marketers are responsible for increasing business innovation, building new content platforms and e-commerce platforms, as well as adopting emerging tech and leveraging data, all while complying with an evolving data privacy landscape. Our clients are also at the forefront of addressing societal issues and corporate purpose on behalf of their companies and brands. As a partner, we're helping them solve for all of these challenges, with our ability to deliver complex integrations, focused on business results and outcomes. Our ability to help marketers proactively address these issues is further assisted by our intentional focus on ESG priorities as core business imperatives. That's why we've been focused and working on ESG for many years at IPG. We continue to build on a strong industry record in DEI initiatives, which are integral to nurturing the highest quality and most representative perspectives, insights, and creative voices across our company. More recently, we've launched our first formal human rights policy and our work with clients around social issues includes campaigns focused on LGBTQ plus rights, mental health awareness, ways in which we can remove implicit bias from core datasets, and also use data to increase the health of our planet, as well as sustainable consumption models. With respect to climate, we're now measuring our total greenhouse gas emissions around the world. We're committed to setting a science-based target and to reaching net zero carbon across our business by 2040. We've also agreed to source a 100% renewable electricity by 2030 for our entire portfolio. Now turning to the highlights of performance from across that portfolio. During quarter, a key sector that continues to show strength for us is healthcare. As you know, IPG has significant operations in healthcare marketing, totaling approximately a quarter of our total revenue. This includes specialized global healthcare networks, as well as significant healthcare activity and client relationships at our media and public relations operations and within some of our U.S. independence as well health and wellness continue to be a top concern for people, companies and governments around the world. We've seen an increased need for sound healthcare information to be delivered at speed in ways that are highly personal, culturally relevant, as well as respectful of privacy regulations. Within the healthcare sector as well as across other clients sectors, our ability to deliver open architecture solutions will continue to drive success for our company. We have deep experience providing customized integrated client service models to many of our largest client partners. And we continue to perform well and winning new business on this sort of work, especially in pitches that leverage the IPG data stack as a key part of the strategy. This past quarter, for example, Morgan Stanley, and E-Trade named Mediahub as Media Agency of Record following a highly competitive review. Data strategy was a key component of the brief. For this reason our customer intelligence company, Acxiom was placed front and center in our winning proposal. The Mediahub team is leading media strategy, planning and activation in the U.S., leveraging Acxiom's consumer data and expertise to fuel tightly targeted and effective communication solutions. In media brands, we continue to see a high degree of engagement with many of the world's most sophisticated marketers across our two largest brands, UM and Initiative. During the quarter, Initiative U.S. won Adweek's prestigious Media Agency of The Year Honor for 2021. Last year at this time within media brands, we launched Reprise Commerce, the global specialty e-commerce offering. And since then, e-commerce revenue within that unit has increased significantly as we've helped clients build out holistic approaches to e-commerce, including E-retail, supply chain and warehousing, marketplaces and direct-to-consumer programs. There's never been a more important time to connect the e-commerce opportunity with a full power of clients, media and marketing investments. In addition, we can create and deploy consistent cross-channel experiences that dynamically adapt to consumer needs and goals in real-time, thanks to our outstanding creative and content capabilities. As expertise as a key part of the news last week that the owner of workers original candy Storck USA  had selected UM as its Media Agency of Record. UM want to take on all strategy planning buying an analytics duties, including the implementation of Storck shopping e-commerce activity. Our data and technology offerings continued to be key drivers of performance for us as well, featuring in all major open architecture and new business activity of significant scale. This month, March 3rd anniversary of Acxiom becoming part of IPG. During the third quarter, Acxiom continued to post strong performance and to win in the marketplace, bringing in major new clients from the media, retail and financial services sector. Most recently, a top 10 financial services company engaged Acxiom to build their unified enterprise data layer, which again shows the strength and depth of Acxiom technology expertise. During Q3 Kinesso launched, we're calling the Kinesso intelligence identity product, also called Kii. And this is a new identity solution that works across the open web, as well as the walled gardens and has already live with clients across a broad range of verticals. Along with IPG media brands, the trade desk among the first media partners using Kii. And the launch comes at a particularly important moment as brands and agencies work to create and bolster privacy first identity solutions that can assure addressability as third-party cookies and mobile ad IDs begin to be phased out. Kii can match a brand's first party CRM data and map it to key identifiers, significantly increasing match rates and reducing the need for third-party onboarders. When it comes to the strength of our brands in the creative advertising space, McCann, FCB, and MullenLowe continued to distinguish themselves this quarter. McCann Worldgroup was named Global Network of The Year at the 2021 Gerety Awards, which recognizes the best creative communications from the female perspective. Also notable, McCann Worldgroup named the new President and Global Chief Creative Officer who joins us from Nike, where he served in Senior Brand Marketing and Creative Leadership roles for more than 20 years, most recently leading Nike's men's brands globally. During his tenure at Nike, he was responsible for many of the world's best known and most iconic campaigns across a range of marketing disciplines and channels. At FCB, The agency's Chicago office is ranked as the top creative agency in North America in the Alliance Creativity Report. And that same report FCB was ranked among the top networks in the world. And FCB was also named North American Agency of The Year at the 2021 New York Festival awards. MullenLowe was named the second most effective agency at the recent USFW awards and MullenLowe Group was named the number two most effective network globally, in both cases, punching well above its weight against larger competitors. During the quarter, the agency won the TJ Maxx creative account. And just this week, Mediahub won three ad week media plan of the year's awards, as well as seeing its U.K. office when global media duties for Farfetch, which is a luxury fashion e-commerce brand. R/GA launched what they're calling a direct avatar capability. And that's going to create virtual stories for brands within metaverse  platforms. And that really steaks out new territory in direct to consumer sales. On the growth front, R/GA added projects, but digital forward partners like Tonal, Slack, CVS, and Roku. Huge also launched a new commerce offering  the experience stack of the future, and that's a tool that consolidates various elements of SaaS into an integrated growth solution for brands. I think we're also going to see the agency's newly appointed CEO, further his plans to infuse data into Huge as core offerings. IPGs DXTRA growth in the quarter was broad-based and it benefited from the return of live events. Jack Morton, one new client assignments with Amazon and Twitch. And along with Octagon Sports and Entertainment was listed among event marketers ranking of the top 100 Event Agencies of 2021. Audio, social media app clubhouse added Golan as its global agency lead agency. Weber was named the supplier of the year by GM and security software company McAfee also named Weber Shandwick its global agency of record to help redefine the firm as a consumer brand. Lastly, Weber launched media security center in partnership with Blackbird AI to address emerging information threats. And this is an offering that's built to offer solutions to a business leader say is a really leading reputational issue, which is the spread of misinformation and disinformation. During the quarter, we also saw continued positive momentum at our U.S. independent agencies. The Martin agency won Hasbro's Nerf brand of products. Our Michael Lynch was named strategy and creative lead for H&R Block where they'll take on responsibility for strategy creative and social media, as well as public relations,  added energy drink Frank a Shock  to its roster. All-in, we're in a positive position from a net new business standpoint for the year. And our new business pipeline continues to be active. As is typical at this time, we don't have full visibility on project work as we head into the fourth quarter, which will include the crucial holiday shopping season. Now in line with the growth we're seeing across much of the portfolio, our companies are adding staff with a requisite contemporary skillsets as well as expertise. So hiring is yet to fully keep pace with a very strong growth we've seen to date this year. We've become seeing travel restrictions lifted in certain key markets as infection rates decline, and we fully continue to use technology and practices developed during the pandemic to reduce travel and other carbon intensive parts of our business where an as appropriate. But we believe that some of what we can call standard costs of doing business will return in Q4 and larger measure in 2022. Earlier on the call, we shared with you our perspective on the full year and our updated expectation that we'll deliver approximately 11% organic growth and adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 16.8% for the full year 2021. That view is predicated as we indicated on the assumption that they'll continue to be reasonably steady course of macro recovery. And we're very proud to have delivered a very strong nine months thus far this year on top of the most challenging comps in the industry. Current performance combined with the continued execution of our long-term strategy should continue to be significant drivers for sustained value creation for all of our stakeholders. We're committed to sound financial fundamentals, as well as continuing to grow our dividend as we've consistently done, including through the pandemic and returning to our share repurchase program also remains a priority as we turn our focus on planning for the upcoming year. We'll, of course, keep you updated on our progress on that front. We're confident as well that the investments in talent and capabilities we continue to make position IPG well for the future. As Ellen said, this is an unprecedented time, but we have a highly relevant and differentiated set of offerings, underpinned by a sound financial foundation and a strong balance sheet. As always, we want to thank our clients and our people. Those are the key pillars of our success, and we want to thank you as well for your time this morning.  So, now let's open the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question is from Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan. You may go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi. Thank you. Thank you. So you gave some great color in terms of where you're really standing out at IPG in terms of seeing this outsize revenue growth, and obviously the revenue growth has been sort of industry leading for a while. I guess, my question really is when you look at the overall growth that you've been seeing as a company, how much of this sort of outperformance do you think is due to the fact that you have leaned into areas and made investments in like Acxiom, which clearly and examples you gave made a difference in terms of winning incremental business, or how much do you think, again, sort of high level is just you're just positioned very well for the recovery, given your exposure to healthcare and such. Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: No worries. Good morning, Alexia. Look, I think it's obviously difficult to tell you the fact what is behind some of the performance that our competitors are posting. And I also don't know that I would separate healthcare, given that there was a moment in time when it was not the scale business that it is for us. And that a lot of what drives success in that business is analogous to what we've been doing across the portfolio, which is to say, can you help clients with a broader range of problems? Can you give them more accountability and more clarity around when they're making investments or when they're putting a message out into the marketplace, who it is that you're trying to reach and how precisely it is that you're trying to impact that potential consumer or that audience. So, I think it's hard for me to pull it apart at a break it out for you. I mean, I think it's fair to say that we do consistently call out for you that whether it's media, data and technology, whether it is the healthcare space, our digital agencies, those are all clearly areas of strength for us and drivers of that multiyear. Now, if you look at the compounded change, we're clearly feeling like we are leaning into where there's demand and where there's opportunity in the space. The other thing that I think makes it difficult to answer the question is that we think of it as an integrated home. And so, obviously, you can make the case to a client and you can prove the case to a client far more effectively. If you've got a solution that encompasses, as much of the ecosystem as possible, so that you're able to help them at every level in the funnel at every level, in the process, whether you're using that data to come up with the insights that will then inform the messaging or the plans that inform the distribution of that message, or then picking up on those signals, pulling them back in and having them continue to sort of feed that loop. So, I think to our mind, clearly the performance is indicative of the fact that some of the decisions we've made going back now strategically were the right ones, but it's still very much work in progress. And to my mind, there's a lot of opportunity ahead, but I think we could do better in both pulling that together and continuing to demonstrate that it works. But I can't tell you -- I can only tell you that in our world, that's what we're seeing get traction.
Alexia Quadrani: I guess, put a different way. Do you think your sort of elevated growth rates that you been seeing to a certain degree it's sustainable. Maybe not to this level, given the where you're on the recovery, but you do sort of envision it's possible that IPG has an elevated growth rate, organic growth versus what it did sort of pre-pandemic, given all the changes in your positioning. And maybe that's a better way to ask the question.
Philippe Krakowsky: No. No. That's a very fair question. It's very fair question as well. I think that to our mind, the industry is clearly undergoing transformation. There's an evolution that's taking place here. It's probably challenging to tell you again, given how much of people there's been both last year and this year, when or at what that level that will be established, but that's clearly the aspiration, whether it's by doing what we've done, which is to build out these incremental capabilities to combine them in a way where you've got the marketing services component and then the data and technology component, which inform one another. And then ultimately, as you also know, we're thinking that this approach should open new revenue streams and new commercial models to us, which again, we believe would go to the point that you're asking. So that's definitely where we're looking to get to.
Alexia Quadrani: And then maybe just a quick follow-up for Ellen on profitability. Any high-level comments you can give us in terms of how we should think about next year? I know you've mentioned that the costs haven't kept up with the revenue growth. So I assume that you could potentially see some contraction next year as things normalize, but any other sort of puts and takes we should be thinking about for profitability in 2022.
Ellen Johnson: Good morning Alexia and thank you for the question. As far as the margin goes, I mean, I would -- for 2022, as we typically do, we'll give you our view in February, but I think it's really important to look at the fact that we have been able to expand our margin, as well as we have to date. And we believe that we have long-term margin expansion capability. I mean, I go back to 2019 pre-pandemic and if you look at our margin, then it was about 14%. Last year we -- was our intention to emerge a stronger company. As everyone knows, we did a restructuring and committed to $160 million of savings or about 180, 190 basis points of 2019 revenue. We're seeing that savings, which makes us feel really good. Also I point to we've had a consistent algorithm of being able to convert revenue growth to profitability, and we expect that will continue. As you pointed out this year and as I mentioned in my remarks, hiring is lagging revenue growth and that's not unusual in a period of time like this. But also our temp comp as a result is running high. And because of our very strong performance and targets that we set in the very beginning of the year, incentive comp is also running at very high levels, which will reset at the end of this year, in the beginning of next year. So despite whether or not we have a difficult comp in the short term in 2022, we fully believe we have more room to expand our margins going forward in the long-term.
Philippe Krakowsky: Alexia, I would just add one thing, which is, I think we closed if I recall correctly, our last call on a question that was actually pretty much on this very topic. So I think I'd say we're pleased that we're making it necessary for the question to be asked again. And as Ellen says, I think we're comfortable that we see continued upside margin opportunity for the business going forward on a multiyear basis.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from John Janedis with Wolfe Research. You may go ahead.
John Janedis: Thank you. Good morning. And gentlemen, just one for you. Can you just talk about the competitive dynamics you're seeing in the marketplace, coming out of the pandemic, are you seeing any changes in go-to-market strategies that your traditional or non-traditional competitors or any change in client behaviors as well?
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, it's a very broad question. Well, look, I mean, I think that the kinds of questions and issues that need to be solved if you're running a business today and youre looking to achieve whatever your goals are imply that you're looking for partners that can help you address kind of a range of things that are sort of digital economy related. So whether that is your own business transformation, whether that is your data strategy at the enterprise level, and then ultimately how you're going to take increasingly your own first party data and put it to use so that you are either I think increasingly being more effective with your investment, but also more efficient. And then lastly, how you show up and how you go kind of direct to the consumer and therefore, e-commerce very, very broadly construed, right? Because I think that so much of what's happening now and e-commerce is happening in -- on owned platforms and channels that companies and marketers own, it's clearly going to be happening in areas that go sort of from the ad tech world where we've generally or largely been focused as an industry for a number of years MarTech. But it'll -- whether it's in the app world and the gaming world, et cetera. So I think that, it's both a fairly broad playing field. You've got some -- maybe smaller entities with deep specialization in some of those areas. It's interesting from where we sit, because we think it creates a broader kind of addressable marketplace. And if you look at our immediate competitive set, I mean, I think they're clearly looking at and thinking about sitting where they are in with a portfolio they have, how do they approach these things. In terms of the bigger or the broader competitive set, you see some activity, but I think the headlines are ahead of the reality there. And then I think you need to figure out ways to partner up, particularly kind of in the data and the tech world, because I think that as everything changes there, there's going to need to be -- universal identifiers is going to need to be kind of ways to -- privacy compliant way, engage with consumers and help again clients go to market. And so that will clearly imply being able to work with the folks who are solving for that, whether it's from a measurement point of view or from an activation point of view. So, I don't know that I'm seeing anything that we think is unexpected. I think probably if anything, the pandemic has probably moved us forward faster along this track. But it's a direction or an avenue that we were heading down anyway.
John Janedis: Okay. Great. Thanks. So maybe Ellen, a quick one for you. Just going back to the permanent cost savings, how are you tracking relative to plan on the real estate product from a timing and a square footage perspective?
Ellen Johnson: Good morning. We're tracking well. I think you see it coming through our numbers. I think you see the leverage that we're getting from. So, we're absolutely on target and on plan with that. We have a lot of them already subleased and a few more to come, but we're feeling really good about it.
John Janedis: All right. Great. Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. You may go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Good morning. Philippe one for you and one for Ellen. Starting with anniversary of Acxiom. Congratulations. And I know some of us questioned the deal. I wonder when you look back on the three years, how did it do versus maybe what you expected? And looking forward, the business was mostly US-based I believe, are you seeing demand come from either new geographies or new client verticals that may be unexpected, that's one. And then for Ellen, I guess the only thing I worry about broadly is just wage inflation and the lack of people hired at this point. Are you concerned at all? We've not seen wage inflation in the US in a while, or is that factored in at all to your thinking longer term about potentially some margin pressures down the road. So thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: All right. Am I going first? Okay. I think we're pleased with the way that the three years have gone. I think that the integration went exceptionally well, and that was clearly a focus of ours and particularly important when you consider that what Acxiom brought to us, was a level of credibility and trust when it comes to sizable marketing and client organizations saying, okay, as a -- as a holder of our first party data, you can do that in a way that we know scaled is secure, et cetera. So I think that that was clearly an important area of focus. I think that you then heard from us and we have leaned into ensuring that the connectivity there with media, which was the most obvious adjacency in the place where we'd been building, whether it was our own stack, pre-Acxiom, with Acxiom as a foundational piece of it, or whether it was the activation piece cadre on, which is now Matterkind addressable across all channels. But now we're definitely seeing Acxiom pretty consistently across the board. We're focused on what we can do there in the healthcare space. We think there's a lot of opportunity there. We definitely have it baked into, as you know, we've called out, anything that involves a scale opportunity that is complex or multi-agency with a client, a lot of -- anything that's a top 20 IPG client. I think if anything, the thing that's been holding us back is likely that during the pandemic virtual has, I think, been a bit of a break on not specific or only in this space, but I think that innovation internally is harder to do when people are not together. And so, it's definitely the case that I think that whatever the next-generation product-wise is, or the ways in which we can be even tighter and quicker on the integration is a place that I think we'll be focused on. But I think it'll unlock in large part because our teams are going to be able to be together. We had a product roadmap offsite with Acxiom/Kinesso leadership for a day and a half. And that was much more productive. It was about a month and a half ago that we would have been otherwise. So, I think, all-in, plenty to do and still lots of upside, but I think that we're pleased with where we are on that.
Ellen Johnson: Okay. As far as inflation, we're not seeing materially higher broad-based inflation in our numbers to-date. But we're seeing what everyone else is seeing. The talent market clearly has become more competitive and attrition is higher post the pandemic. We went through a period of time or no one left. So you're seeing, I think, a two year attrition rate this year. And as a result, specifically because we're growing so fast, our hiring is not kept up. So what we're focused on is really innovating our recruitment techniques. We're doing all kinds of different things on that front, including talent referral bonuses, looking for different places for our workforce, including bringing working moms maybe back into the workforce. We're also trying to create opportunities for our people by creating promotion opportunities. And it's not all about the compensation, although we do pay people competitively. It's also really about the quality of the work environment that you provide, training and development, your values that you stand for as a company, including DE&I and ESG. So we're really focused on all of those things. One other thing I would point out is that our company typically, or industry benefits from higher level of economic activity. So that could actually turn out to be a positive from a revenue perspective. And I think it's also important to note that we aren't investing in some of these more innovative ways of solving higher order client problems for our clients. So whether it's digital transformation or getting, as Philippe said, direct to consumer e-commerce, we think all those things will do well in this environment as well.
Philippe Krakowsky: Yeah. Based marketing would clearly be something that would call to clients if we get to a point where they're thinking hard about where and how to invest.
Michael Nathanson: Thank you guys.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Julien Roch with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes. Good morning, Phillip. Good morning, Ellen. Congratulations on the results.
Philippe Krakowsky: Yes.
Julien Roch: My first question is on the full year guidance and the two-year stack. So if I look at your full year guidance where you guiding to 11% for the full year versus 2020, that is 8% in Q4. So that means that on a two-year stack, you would grow an 11% growth in Q3 to a 3% growth in Q4, which is an eight point slowdown. If you look at Omnicom guidance, their guidance lead them to go from minus two to minus five, a three point slowdown and Publicis guidance is them to go from plus five to plus two, a three point slowdown, again all against 2019. So you, eight point slowdown, Omnicom and Publicis three points slowdown. Why are you the most conservative when you are the best-in-class? Should you slow less than them? Is my first question.
Philippe Krakowsky: That is a big question. I think it's an interesting question, but I think that we don't look at the year on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So I would ask that you then let me give us some broader context in answering it, right? I think that the variability that we see in the business on a quarter-to-quarter basis reflects the flack that client activity has to do with their needs and their competitive situation, and then also with a macro. And so, we've always framed up our expectations and we manage the business in terms of the full year, right? So, if I look at the full year with organic growth, as we've said in the range of 11%, on top of what are definitely the most challenging comps in the sector, that's a very strong result. And if I look at a two-year compound stack, if that 11% comes in that still has us at just under six, when -- without us in the mix, the industry is probably flat. I think if you get under that quarterly number and you think about the fluctuations, I think the point that you raised feels to me like it's about timing from where I sit, right? And so, Q4 last year, timing clearly favors Q4. Whether that's, as you know, obscured somewhat by the recessionary environment that we were navigating at that point. So, you had pullbacks early in the pandemic, then our clients get their bearings. They figure out how to go virtual. They lean into a lot of what we've been talking about digital e-comm. And so there's pent-up demand that clearly benefited Q4 from where we were sitting. We saw it in digital media spend very strong, spend in the retail category. There was a lot of COVID related government communications work, which thankfully is going -- hopefully be a little less necessary now, and this year we've seen this marked acceleration in Q2 and Q3. And I think that reflects, at the macro level, the progress that's been made broadly on public health and the fact that economic activity is up, but also the acceleration of the digital behaviors, which IPG has been anticipating for many years with strategic actions. And so those two quarters have been very, very strong. And so going into Q4, I'd say to you that what we're seeing is, tone of the business is solid, where net new business positive, but delta has definitely created some uncertainty at the macro level. The pent-up demand, that was a plus in Q4, isn't necessarily there. And so, that's where -- as I said to you, we look at the year, we feel very comfortable with a year. We look at the two-year stack, we think that that is very strong as well. And so, to my mind, I don't see it -- as you, I don't read it the way that you do. I think that when you then -- when we have a discussion about what 2022 looks like, then we have the question that you put out there.
Julien Roch: No. I -- thank you for that. I understand your answer, but at the same time, both Omnicom and Publicis must feel the same thing as you in terms of the phasing and client going back early in Q2 and Q3 being strong. It's just that you have a far bigger slowdown than they accounting for, but fair enough.
Philippe Krakowsky: We also have stronger Q2, Q3 and stronger comps in the prior year.
Julien Roch: Yeah. No. Sure. And then, the next one, because I know we're running out of time, is on margin. So you went from initial 15.5 to 16 to now 16.8. So what's -- what is the best margin you could do this if organic is better than expected in Q4. So, for instance, if Omnicom and Publicis are right and you're wrong. And so the slowdown is three points, not eight points. And instead of doing 8% in Q4, you do 13%, what's the maximum margin we can dream about this year. Can we -- 17% for sure. But 17.5%. I mean, what's the best outcome.
Philippe Krakowsky: We're giving you our best line of sight into where the business is today and how we think we're going to finish the year. If what you just suggest is conceivable, then I think you will see further margin upside, but I don't know that it's constructive to sort of speculate on what that could be. And again, to Alexia's question at the outset, we feel good about our long-term margin expansion case and we've proven it, and we think it will prove out. But I don't know that I can speculate on that one. I don't think -- I don't know that it -- it's -- as I said, I don't see it as constructive.
Julien Roch: Okay. Fair enough. Well, thank you very much for your answers and looking forward to you beating guidance when you report Q4.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. And that was our last question. I'll now turn it back to Philippe for any final thoughts.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Su. Well, again, just we appreciate the time and the interest and the continued support, and we will get back to work and focus on the fourth quarter. Thank you. And I hope everybody's staying safe and well.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-21 13:33:02) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion.  This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We hope you are all well. This morning, we are joined by our CEO, Philippe Krakowsky; and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. We will begin our call with prepared remarks, to be followed by Q&A, and plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning. As always, I'll start with a high level view of our performance in the quarter. Ellen will then provide additional details, and I'll conclude with updates on key developments at our agencies to be followed by Q&A. I'd like to begin once again by thanking our 53,000 fellow employees around the world for the professionalism and dedication that continue to see us through the many challenges of COVID. These include the transition to work from home, and now are planning for return to office in many parts of the world, as well as the significant personal difficulties presented by the long course of the pandemic. It's due to the efforts of our people, their commitment to their craft, our clients and to each other that we can share with you today these very strong results. Performance that demonstrates our resilience represents a remarkable rebound from the impact of the pandemic, and is also the largest second quarter in our company's history. Our strong results in the quarter build on IPG's consistent record of industry outperformance and margin expansion. Our growth across regions, disciplines and client sectors speaks to more than a recovering global economy. It underscores the elevated value that marketing and media partners can deliver in the integration of creativity, technology and data at scale made the significantly increased velocity of digital transformation. At Interpublic, we're confident that we are attuned to the powerful currents that are transforming consumer behavior and are required for business relevance. And then we are increasingly delivering differentiated and higher-end solutions that help our clients win in a world of accelerated technological and societal change. That takes creativity and precision, data and accountability, all of which we're able to bring together in customized teams that drive talent from across our portfolio. Ultimately, our growth speaks to our ability to drive outstanding business results for our clients.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. I hope that everyone is safe and healthy. I would like to join Philippe with our thanks to our people for their terrific accomplishments. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. Beginning on Slide 2 of the presentation, second quarter net revenue increased 22.5% from a year ago with organic growth of 19.8%. Adjusted EBITDA, before a small restructuring adjustment, was $405.8 million, and margin was 17.9%. These are levels that compare very favorably against any previous second quarter. With growth having accelerated, certain variable expenses continue to lag and we are additionally seeing the structural benefits of last year's restructuring program. Diluted earnings per share were $0.66 as reported and $0.70 as adjusted for the after-tax impact of the amortization of acquired intangibles.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Ellen. While we remain very pleased with our results, it's worth reiterating as Ellen just said that this is an unusual, in fact, unprecedented environment in which we're operating. Now importantly, it bears noting that when compared to our non-pandemic results in 2019, Q2 results show our company is performing at a very high level. We continue to feel this is the result of strategic decisions that we've taken over a number of years to position our company for the future, investments and actions that have created a sustainable advantage for our organization. Today's IPG delivers addressable and accountable digital marketing programs, combined with our world-class creative storytelling capabilities. These solutions make us higher value partners to our clients. One of our many priorities over the years has been the creation and implementation of open architecture solutions, where we bring the best of IPG together in collaborative teams that are customized to client-specific business needs and increasingly a key element of this approach. Open Architecture 2.0, as it were, is Acxiom whose data management expertise and data assets play a role in an increasingly broad range of our offerings. In addition, Kinesso powers many of our applications and services that provide clients with a deep understanding of audiences. In order to provide insights that inform creative work, segments for media delivery and line of sight to the effectiveness of the work that we're doing together. We saw this model come to life in the quarter with a Cigna count win, which combined talent from McCann Worldgroup, Initiative, and R/GA powered by Kinesso and Acxiom. This is a continuation of several years of strong performance in integrated pitches, especially those that include creative and media, as well as media and data. And other another key decision that's contributed to our success has been our continued investment in strong agency brands, which helps us attract and retain top talent and deliver breakthrough creative ideas across a range of marketing disciplines. As a result of this strategy, IPG companies across our portfolio earned a number of important accolades during the quarter. Most notably, we have an impressive showing at the 2021 Cannes International Festival of Creativity. IPG agencies took home eight Grand Prix, the festivals highest honor. Wins across the network represented a broad range of clients, categories, agencies, disciplines and geographies. FCBs performance was a standout, as the agency took home four Grand Prix and was named Global Network of the Year. The agency's creative community and its leadership deserve credit for this terrific accomplishment. FCB Health was also named Healthcare Network of the Year and Area 23 and FCB Health Agency was named Healthcare Agency of the Year. McCann Client Microsoft was named Marketer of the Year at the festival, which is another major honor. And the agency also won a Grand Prix in brand experience and activation for its remarkable true name work for Mastercard, which empowers transgender and non-binary cardholders to use their true name when using their credit card. In PR, McCann Paris earned a Grand Prix, partnering with Weber Shandwick for a campaign that ran across the Middle East, which teaches women in a culturally sensitive way to perform self-checks for early breast cancer detection. FCB Chicago and Weber Shandwick teamed to earn a Grand Prix for work for AB InBev. And R/GA continues to be recognized for its ability to humanize technology, winning a Grand Prix in social and influencer marketing for disruptive work it did for Reddit on the Super Bowl. On Ad Ages annual A-List and Creativity Awards, both Deutsch LA and the Martin Agency were named to the prestigious A-list. Initiative was named Media Agency of the Year and FCB Healths CEO was recognized as our industry's Executive of the Year. At the holding company level, we made a number of announcements that position us for further success. Chief among them was our launch of IPG Health earlier this month. The move will align our top performing companies, FCB Health and McCann Health under a new global network, IPG Health, led by a dynamic and proven CEO and a skilled executive leadership team. In this new operating structure, the distinct agency brands within FCB Health and McCann Health will remain active and continue to go to market independently. They will also benefit from access to additional specialty services, knowledge sharing, proactive career management, shared investment in new capabilities and skill sets, highly complimentary geographic coverage, as well as an even higher level of collaboration. Around the world, healthcare and wellbeing are areas of growing importance for our clients and society at large. As an industry sector, healthcare represents an increasingly vital part of the economy, and one where innovation is becoming an ever more important driver of success. So the alignment of IPGs fully dedicated healthcare networks under the banner of IPG Health strengthens our leadership position in this dynamic sector. The scale, reach and most importantly, quality of our people and our work makes for an exciting combination. And it's why we think this new offering will continue to deliver great things in the years to come. This month, we also added to our strong roster of marketing technology and e-commerce providers with a launch of Performance Art, a data-led creative CRM agency, whose leadership team is known for delivering platform level creative ideas that are at home in a client's e-retail flow as they are in a 30-second spot. Turning to performance at our agencies, growth at IAN in the quarter was once again highlighted by media, data and tech and FCB led by healthcare. UM saw significant wins in the quarter with Enterprise Holdings, Behr Paint and most recently NYC & Company, New York City's official marketing and tourism organization. UM also saw an important account retention for the Australian government. At the Campaign Agency of the Year Awards, UM earned Global Media Agency of the Year honors and UM APAC was named Best Media Network in that region. At Initiative, the agency was named 2020s Most Competitive Network Globally in Media Pitches and saw a major win in the UK with banking insurance company, NatWest Group. We also continue to see terrific momentum at Reprise, especially as relates to their growing e-commerce capabilities. Acxiom, Kinesso, and Matterkind are also performing well. And they're key to how we help clients thrive in the addressable media market, which requires flexibility, given the quickly shifting landscape. At Acxiom, we continue to invest behind innovative new products and services, such as customer data platforms, and identity resolution, with which we are seeing increased client adoption. Another important development saw Acxiom deploy their latest customer intelligence platform on the cloud with a key financial services client. At our creative integrated networks, FCB, McCann and MullenLowe Group were named to Act Responsible 2020 Good Report, a unique ranking of the world's best use of creative communications to promote sustainability and social responsibility. On top of its exceptional showing at Cannes at FCB Global, the network continues to invest in talent and new offerings, hiring a head of data science and connections to expand its expertise and commerce, data and technology fueled creativity. McCann also continues to prove a creative powerhouse. As we saw, in the network was recently named Webby Network of the Year and McCann New York was named Webby Agency of the Year. MRM continues to leverage its more tech expertise, missing strong growth with its MRM commerce division, which helps marketers drive engagement, interaction and conversion on commerce platforms. And MullenLowe Group, Mediahub continues a strong new business momentum and during the quarter, added Hallmark's parent company, Crown Media, as well as Tally Financial. MullenLowe is also a global leader in purpose driven work. And we saw that as it continues to partner with governments and a number of countries around the world to inform people the benefits of being vaccinated against COVID-19. At R/GA, campaign named the London office is the UKs Digital Agency of the Year. And R/GA London added two new clients, financial services company, Allianz and Vollebak clothing. We named the new CEO at Huge, who joins the digital agency after a very successful tenure at Initiative, where he helped turn the agency into a leader in the media space. During the quarter, Huge also saw strong new business activity, adding Sub-Zero Appliances, Wakefern, Tezos Foundation and Nikko Asset Management. The Martin Agency continues to impact culture and drive strong business results for its clients. Notably, the Agencys Soul of the City short film for DoorDash, premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival last month and had captured the resilience of New York City's restaurants and the role they play in the cities like. At IPG DXTRA, we also saw recognition as a number of companies were called out for their ability to deliver creative solutions. Weber Shandwick was the most awarded PR agency at Cannes this year. Current Global demonstrated their commitment to closing the disability and inclusion gap by creating guidelines and toolkits for marketers, so as to make content more accessible for consumers with sight, hearing or other cognitive impairments. And this program was recognized as one of Fast Company's World Changing Ideas for 2021. Jack Morton launched what they are referring to as the return-to-live dashboard, and that's a tool for brand marketers to access where, when and how businesses in the U.S. can safely get back to hosting live experiences. Golan continued its strong performance in new business, was selected as LinkedIns global social media agency of record and also agency of record for Yamaha music. Golan was also named PRWeek's Global Agency of the Year. And at Octagon, the Sports and Entertainment Network won Best Talent Representation at the 2021 Sports Business Awards. Pivoting now back to the holding company another key area that BEHR's mentioned is our long-term focus on ESG, including diversity, equity and inclusion. As a leader in marketing services, and a citizen of the communities where our employees live, work and vote, we welcome the responsibility to operate sustainably and contribute to the healthier society and planet. In all of our operations and activities we are working to build on and more fully live into this commitment. And this includes reassessing how we hire, train and promote a diverse workforce, incorporate rigorous practices around data ethics and media responsibility, as well as reduce our greenhouse gas emissions further around the world. Key accomplishments on this front include IPG being recently named by Forbes, to their top ten list of America's Best Employers for Diversity. During the quarter, we also created a new position, our industry's first Culture Officer, to focus on long-term thought leadership relating to a broad range of social justice issues for underserved and underrepresented communities. During the quarter, as part of our integrated ESG efforts, we also announced an action plan that consists of three climate roles, committing to set a science-based target; sourcing 100% renewable electricity by 2030 and joining The Climate Pledge co-founded by Amazon and Global Optimism. In addition, we've published our first SASB report, becoming the first company in the advertising and marketing sector to publish an alignment with SASBs industry standards. Our agencies also contribute significantly to our ESG profile. And importantly, here in the U.S., we saw media brands take a leading role in the industry conversation about promoting greater media equity. And they announced that they are committing to invest at least 5% of client budgets in Black-owned media by 2023. Octagon launched an accelerator program with historically black colleges and universities for students interested in sports and entertainment as a career. And RGA created an innovative program to raise money for environmental organizations through a dedicated YouTube channel that plays nature videos, which have become hugely popular during the pandemic. And it directs all the ad revenues generated on this channel to environmental NGOs. Now, as we sit here at the halfway mark of 2021, the success we've seen, is thanks to the talent, efforts and commitment of our people. And we continue to be highly focused on supporting their physical and mental well-being as we plan return to office. Like many of us, I look forward to working live with colleagues and clients, especially given that we're an ideas-driven service business. Our culture, our capacity for innovation and the ways in which we combine creativity with technology and data are all enhanced by in-person interactions. Now here in the U.S., we expect to have more people returning to our offices in a flexible, hybrid model, beginning in mid-September, as is already the case in certain other parts of the world. We will of course, be mindful of the public health situation, and of the learnings we've accumulated during the past 16 months, when it comes to flexible work practices. We expect the costs associated with live collaboration with colleagues, as well as travel will begin to return as a normal part of how we work and therefore be reflected in our operating results. For example, as we look forward to the remainder of the year, we expect an increase in travel costs in the fourth quarter, which could return to levels consistent with what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2019. As we said earlier, these are unprecedented times. None of us have previously been required to adapt to the constraints of living and working through a pandemic. And likewise, none of us has experience in emerging for one. Thankfully, as a company, we are well positioned to do so. Earlier on the call, we shared our perspective on the balance of the year. Based on the assumption that there will continue to be a reasonably steady course of macro recovery, that people continue to become vaccinated to protect themselves and their communities. And then we're able to adequately mitigate the impact of dangerous new variants. We've delivered a very strong first half of the year, on top of the most challenging comps in our industry. Further, despite continued macro uncertainty, we have greater clarity to the balance of 2021. We therefore believe that current performance, combined the continued execution of our long-term strategy are significant drivers for the sustained enhancement value for all of our stakeholders. As always, we're committed to sound financial fundamentals, including debt reduction, as well as continuing to grow our dividends. We also remain focused on getting back to our share repurchase program. And we will keep you apprised of our progress as the year develops. As always, we want to thank our clients and our people, who are ultimately the two key pillars of our success. I'd also like to thank you all for your time this morning. And with that, turn the call over for questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question is from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan, you may go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much. I just have a couple of questions if I might. The first one is really kind of a broad question on the really impressive organic growth you guys delivered in the quarter. I'm wondering what surprised you on the upside versus your internal budgets? Like where did you see kind of incremental growth versus what you expected? And I guess along those lines, I guess, how much do you think of the strong growth is IPG sort of gaining share of wallet, from the clients versus just a bounce back in their budgets or their spending?
Philippe Krakowsky: Hi Alexia. Look, I mean, I think, those are terrific questions or things we obviously think about. And so, if I were to track the progression for you, what I'd say to you is if you think back to what we talked about last time we were all together from February to April, we clearly saw improvement in the broader economic environment, but also in the tone of what I guess I'd call client sentiment, right. And so, as we went through the quarter, that trend was clearly continuing to build over the course of the second quarter, right. And so, as we think about it, is it a question of surprise, I mean, I think, we said to you, we felt confident in our offerings, specifically, in ways we can help clients to stand apart and to succeed in a digital-first kind of economy. So now that growth is available, we are obviously pleased to see that we're capitalizing on the environment. So, you start breaking down the results, and what do you see, you see, whether it's geographies or practice areas, content creation, creativity, data and tech, it was very, very widely spread. And so Matterkind addressable media growing, a very, very strong grower for us. Healthcare continued to be an area where we're seeing really, really good results. And then perhaps, if you are bracketing it, having decreased by north of 30% in light of the pandemic, we clearly have experiential and events, showing a real recovery, though they are not all the way back, right. Month-to-month in the quarter, we saw consistency. So, that's something where, in terms of projecting forward to, we see that as encouraging. And then as we forecast for the back half of the year, we also see that consistency, and that ratable, there isn't a moment in time, where we're expecting there to be something dramatic to get us to what we've communicated to you, which is that 9% to 10% number, right. And the one big caveat is one that applies for all of us around the world, which is just, there's a significant deterioration on the public health front. And you really get at something, because what, I think, we're seeing is we're seeing the overall environment stronger, but we're also seeing underlying factors that have to do with strategic actions we've been taking over a number of years and they are aligned with trends that have been accelerated by the pandemic, right. So, whether that is addressable media, precision in the creative that we deliver, ecommerce, those are all areas where we're strong, and we're definitely seeing growth. Hard to tell you exactly given that we don't know what some of our peers have done, and that we clearly believe that that we're taking share, as well as seeing net new opportunities, because we're building new capabilities to take us into kind of new addressable universe. And I think last, I think for us, as a management team, the strongest indicator is how relevant is an offering when you just benchmark off of the same period in 2019, and you think about the two-year stack from the Q2 2021 results, that's what's telling us competitiveness of a specific part of our space or of IPG all in a sustainable platform where we feel like that's what gives us confidence that we can grow for the balance of the year, and obviously beyond that.
Alexia Quadrani: And then just a quick follow-up on margins, sort of also a high-level question. You obviously have some great margin improvement this year with the benefit of expenses being cut back and also the bigger picture, permanent cost cut you took, that you announced earlier on. When you think about margins longer term though, I'm not sure if you can still achieve margin improvement in 2020, given the comp, but is there still the plan to continue to improve margins longer term post this year?
Philippe Krakowsky: There is. So let me actually why don't I just talk to that at a fairly macro level and then, I think, we should get Ellen into the conversation as well. But I mean, there were a lot of moving parts in terms of what's going on with our profitability in this calendar year. But it's good to see significant strides on margin performance, like on the top line. We're very committed to the savings that we have consistently shared with you all around the restructuring. And so that's permanent annualized $160 million. We're tracking that. And we're holding ourselves and our and our operating teams accountable to that. Then there's the fact that, I think, we've got a consistent track record over time that we grow margin with revenue growth. So, there's meaningful opportunity there. And so operating leverage, I think, is a lever that stays with us into 2022 and beyond. And then lastly, as I mentioned, in the answer to your revenue question, the higher value services, and the new commercial models, I think, are also an opportunity from a margin perspective. And let's see, Ellen can pull apart all the ins and outs of this year.
Ellen Johnson: Good morning Alexia. How are you? Thank you for the question. I'll start with the actions that we took last year as part of the restructuring, and they were clearly structural and strategic, and that is why we are so confident in them and that we will realize the savings that we've committed to. So, if you break them down and you look at the fact that we took out 15% of our real estate portfolio, or that we eliminated certain regional or other layers of management to become more agile, or that we were able to nearshore or offshore certain roles, that gives us great confidence that those savings are permanent, and they will not come back with revenue growth. Turning to some of the more variable expenses, if you look at travel and meetings, they will come back. And initially they may come back pretty full as there is pent-up demand for people to get back together to get out and see clients and to see our people for training and development. Do they go back fully to pre-pandemic levels? That remains to be seen. I am hopeful that the learnings from the pandemic with using technology and really thinking carefully about the environment will help us be more efficient, and prevent them from fully going back to pre-pandemic levels. And then I would just reiterate the fact that what Philippe said is that we've demonstrated over a period of time that with revenue growth, we can expand margins. And we're incentivized to do so. Our incentives are largely based on organic revenue growth and margin improvement. And that makes me pretty optimistic.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from John Janedis with Wolfe Research. You may go ahead.
John Janedis: Thank you. Good morning.
Philippe Krakowsky: Hi John.
John Janedis: Ellen may be one for you  hi Phillippe, and maybe one for Phillippe. Phillippe maybe just to start, you talked about lagging vaccination rates, with some of the renewed COVID headlines in areas, say Asia or Latin America, are your agencies on the ground seeing any change in outlook from clients? And I know they are pretty small, but do you do you expect China and Japan to turn the corner sometime later this year?
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, look I mean, to date, were seeing the benefits of the progress that, any number of places around the world has seen. And then I think, as weve discussed previously, I think a second or third wave, or whatever it is that any country might be experiencing, is not going to necessarily be the same as the first because there is a sense that youre still making progress toward an outcome. So youre still either getting people vaccinated, or in the case of many of our clients, youve pivoted into an accelerated your ability to operate, whether its through e-com or other ways, in which youre going direct to consumers, youre clearly leaning more heavily into digital as part of your mix and transforming your business. So I think that, again, means that we dont necessarily see that, the impact will be as significant. And then, specific to certain markets for us, as weve also said before, client mix can have a pretty significant impact for us on the ground in any given market, so to my mind, TBD as to whether were getting there on those two markets. Theyre fairly modest in size for us. I think China is probably the one we focus on the most as a place where we want to be delivering for our global multinational, and were doing some interesting things in that market with Acxiom and some of our relationships with some of the large platforms there and what we can do with data. So still work in progress. I couldnt put a date on that for you.
John Janedis: Okay, and then maybe separately, your outlook wouldnt suggest it. But are you seeing any notable impact on the business from wage or other inflation? And related to the $160 million of annual cost savings now? Can you update us in terms of; is there still a talent to those savings perhaps, the real estate sector have those been largely completed?
Philippe Krakowsky: All right, I let Ellen start with that piece of the question. And then whatever shed like to, speak to on your talent question. Ill, sort of add on.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. So starting with the question regarding our real estate savings, are largely seeing the vast majority of them this year, there will be some incremental ones next year as the remainder of the properties get subleased. But were seeing a good portion of them already. And theyre on track versus our plan, which is great. On the inflation question, I mean, to date, we havent seen generalized wage inflation, but were watching it closely. It is something we talked about with our operators, the talent market is competitive. And thats not a new thing. Weve been used to that for quite some time. And I think what you are seeing is a little bit of higher attrition. And whether thats because people sat at home for 16 months, and now have the ability to move around. So were watching that closely as well. But were being very innovative in the way we recruit and retain talent, were focusing on flexibility, the quality of our return to office experience that were planning, training and development and, of course, diversity, equity and inclusion, which is something that weve been focused on for a very long time for now. With that, and Ill that, see what Philippe.
Philippe Krakowsky: No, look I mean, theres not a lot to add there. I think its fair question. I mean, were in a professional services business, weve always been focused on the importance of talent as a driver of, our competitive advantage, and weve been evolving the offering. So clearly, weve been dealing with the pressures of the talent market for the kind of digital, in tech talent that, has been in demand for a while, I think to Ellens point, some of those, turnover numbers feel as if weve yet to see what it normalizes out to because there, it does feel like they were lower in 2020. Theyre picking up now, I think that, people were, understandably, sitting still last year, and now that the world feels like a place where you might get out and about again, youre looking, and so its a topic that comes up in our conversations with the operators. Were, keeping a close eye on it, look into how we  how do we manage it? And how do we stay ahead of it to mitigate, the impact, and well keep you posted on kind of what were seeing, but, people come to work across our portfolio because, a range of things, that have meant that whether we were competing for talent with startups or with large tech companies for the last few years. Weve been, fairly successful at it. So we got to just keep, to Ellens point, figuring out how we put, what are our advantages to work in those conversations.
Philippe Krakowsky: All right great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. You may go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Great, thanks. Do you guys hear me?
Philippe Krakowsky: Yes. Hi, Michael.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Hi, hey Philippe. Philippe, I have one for you, then I have one maybe probably both you. Im just wondering when you sit down virtually with your clients today? What are their priorities and the urgency of those priorities now versus maybe what it was pre pandemic, right? So what has changed in the conversation, maybe the speed to innovate and transform, and then more broadly, youve given how well youre doing and given the balance sheet? What is the company waiting for? In terms of buybacks it seems like you guys have, clearly gotten over the hurdles of COVID-19 in terms of performance, your balance sheets pristine, why not start leaning into the buyback sooner than later?
Philippe Krakowsky: All right, I will take the first one. I guess were both to your point take the second one. Well say well be vehemently in agreement on the second one, Ellen and I.
Michael Nathanson: Okay.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I think its any number of things which you would assume so clearly, the need to be conversant in and to put into effect programs so that you are, we call it what you will, so people call it e-com and theres a lot going on there. I mean, socials becoming a big part of what happens somewhere in the funnel, in the middle of the funnel actually, and moving upstream in the funnel. So everybody is clearly wanting to talk about and engage in conversations around, call it digital marketing, calling e-com et cetera. Increasingly, everybody is also, weve had some really interesting conversations with, regional clients in the CPG space thats, for example, you might not think of who are very, very focused, on data and on either assessing their first party data assets and understanding how they get organized so that they can begin to put them to work or if theyre further behind in terms of the readiness there, how do you take businesses that traditionally have not been particularly data-rich and begin to interact with consumers, so that youre going to basically pull those that kind of information in, to the question Alexia asked earlier, in the experiential event space, were clearly seeing the need to get more digital and to use that as a way to so from to my mind, those are the two really big questions that have risen to the top of most everybodys list, right? And then in terms of the balance sheet, question you asked us, as I said, we are committed to  weve returned, what is it $4.8 billion, we believe thats a big part of our story, and how it is that we should be thinking about kind of balanced growth for the company. So were currently focused on that.
Ellen Johnson: And I loved your reference to a pristine balance sheet. Thats something that we think is extremely important as well, including our solid investment grade ratings, but a balanced program of capital return, which includes the dividend, which weve grown consistently. And share repurchases has been something that weve always believed in. And we look forward to getting back to, as we mentioned, we are planning on paying off $500 million notes down in October of this year. And we do have a really nice maturity profile thereafter. So nothing has changed. We believe in balanced program, and we look forward to getting back to it.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thanks, you guys would come such a long way from way back when. Congratulations.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Julien Roch with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes. Good morning, Philippe. Good morning, Ellen.
Philippe Krakowsky: Hi, Julien.
Julien Roch: Two questions on margin, if I may, why would margins fall in the second half of 2021 versus the second half of 2019 because if I put the same margin, you get 16.9 for the full year of 2021. And I understand that, travels are coming back. People are going back to the office, but youre guiding to more costs than in 2019. And so I want to know why? Its my first question on margin. And then the second one is a longer-term question. Philosophically, the ceiling at which either clients or employees will say, I want my share of your margin, or theres no limit to margin, as long as revenue goes up, could you go to 18% margin or 20% margin? A bit of a philosophical question on whether there is a ceiling, or you will be dancing on the ceiling?
Philippe Krakowsky: Ill let, Ellen go first on your first one.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. And thank you for the question. And when you comp against last year, we have to remind ourselves what was going on last year at this time. And there was everything from taking salary cuts to furloughs, to government subsidies that were comping against. There was zero travel; there was zero going back to the office. I think its really important that we remind ourselves that and as we mentioned, we are envisioning a second half where people are returning back to the office, to the extent we can in the safe manner, where people are beginning to travel and meet again. And, we will be salaried, and wage cuts, and that is all gone and elapsed, and we will be hiring against revenue growth. So I think those are the ins and outs, but its very important when you just look at the second half comp.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, and I think, theres pent-up demand, as we were saying, Johns question around potential turnover. I think theres pent-up demand, for travel absolutely. So I think that, youll see people wanting to, theres definitely things that get done when we are working to physically together that are much harder to do remotely. And then there is growth and we want to be sure that, thats getting staffed appropriately and that weve got, clients who are giving us these new remits or new net new clients to us. Youre getting the appropriate level of service in terms of the philosophical question; its interesting, because I dont know that I would call it philosophy. But, as we said, the restructuring positions us well, weve said all along, we want to come out of the pandemic, a stronger company, and I think were showing that were well on our way there. And then you do begin to see the transformation into certain of the areas, which we think will be accretive, because theyll take us to more performance based kinds of models and to higher value or, instances in which our IP can be licensed out or can give us access to. So I think, to my mind, its not philosophy because I cant give you a tenant that says this will be good forever, I can tell you that at the moment, we see continued opportunity and upside. And therefore, whether its in 2022, 2023, thats going to be what were making our objective to Ellens point, thats also how we reward our people. And if there comes a point at which we began to believe or see that the ceiling that you mentioned is there, then as always, were going to be very transparent and walk you collectively through what were seeing and why what we believe is what we believe. But I cant, say something now that is going to be kind of evergreen in that way because, our business is in the midst of evolving. And right now, we see opportunity.
Julien Roch: Okay. Very clear. Thank you.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Cheers.
Operator: And that was our final question. Ill now turn it back to Philippe for any final thoughts.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, look, just thank you all for the time this morning. Again, were looking forward to continuing the conversation. Were hugely appreciative of, sort of, win in sales thanks to the hard work that our colleagues are doing and to our clients. And I hope everybody is staying healthy.
Operator: Thank you and that does conclude todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 15:15:03) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group First Quarter 2021 Conference Call.  This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.  I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Thank you. Good morning. We hope you are all well. Thank you for joining us. This morning, we are joined by Philippe Krakowsky, Interpublic's CEO; and by Ellen Johnson, our CFO. As usual, we have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation. on our website, interpublic.com. We will begin our call with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A and plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you all for joining us this morning. I'll start with a high-level view of our performance in the quarter. Ellen will then provide additional details, and I'll conclude with updates on the highlights at our agencies to be followed by Q&A. First and foremost, as Jerry said, I hope that you and your families are keeping well. As we all know, around the world, the pandemic is still with us to a significant degree. With all that entails, it bears mention that our people continue to navigate the many challenges, both personal and professional, presented by the health crisis. Their extraordinary resilience and capacity for innovation as well as their care for one another and their commitment to our clients are inspiring. Against business conditions that continue to be demanding, our people have driven the solid growth and the high level of first quarter profitability that we are reporting today. Turning to those results, beginning with revenue. We are pleased with our start to the year. First quarter organic net revenue growth was 1.9%. That reflects solid performance in the U.S., an organic decrease of 20 basis points and strong international growth of 6.3% with increases in every world region. In the U.S., you'll recall that we are comparing to very strong underlying performance in the first quarter of 2020 when we face headwinds of nearly 4% due to certain 2019 client losses that we previously identified. Domestically, during this year's first quarter, we saw increases in areas such as media, data services and technology and our health care specialist agencies. Our international performance was paced by 12.4% growth in Continental Europe, where we had a strong start to the year by our media, data and tech offerings as well as McCann Worldgroup.  Worldwide, our health care and retail client sectors, which were consistent outperformers last year were again our growth leaders in the first quarter.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. I hope that everyone is safe and healthy. I would like to join Philippe in recognition and, candidly, admiration of our people for their terrific accomplishments under very difficult circumstances. As a reminder, my remarks will track the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. Beginning on Slide 2 of the presentation, our first quarter net revenue increased 2.8% from a year ago with organic growth of 1.9%. First quarter adjusted EBITDA before a small restructuring adjustment was $265.9 million and margin was 13.1%. These are levels that compare very favorably against any previous first quarter.  We returned to growth with variable expenses that are lagging the recovery in revenue, and we are additionally seeing the structural benefits of last year's restructuring program. Diluted earnings per share was $0.23 as reported and $0.45 as adjusted. The adjustments exclude the after-tax impact of the amortization of acquired intangibles, a small restructuring refinement, nonoperating losses on sales of certain small nonstrategic businesses and the nonoperating loss on the early extinguishment of debt. During the quarter, we refinanced $1 billion of senior notes that had been scheduled to mature over the next few years. We placed $1 billion in new notes maturing in 10- and 20-year tranches. The timing of those transactions initiated in mid-February was favorable in light of the subsequent rise in market rates. We appreciate and value the support and the reception that we received. As you may have seen in late March, we also received upgrades to our outlook from both S&P and Fitch. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Turning to Q1 revenue on Slide 4. Our net revenue in the quarter was $2.03 billion, an increase of $55.6 million. Compared to Q1 2020, the impact of the change in exchange rates was positive 1.5% with the dollar weaker against currencies in most of our largest markets. Net divestitures were negative 60 basis points. Our organic net revenue increase was 1.9%. At the bottom of this slide, we break out segment revenue in the quarter. Our EM segment was -- grew 3.2% organically, a terrific result against last year largely non-COVID first quarter. We saw solid growth by our offerings in media, data and tech at FCB and at McCann Worldgroup. At IPG DXTRA, the organic change in the quarter was negative 4.8%, which reflects the weight of live events and sports marketing within the segment, the disciplines that have been most significantly impacted by the pandemic. 
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Ellen. It's worth repeating that Q1 is our smallest seasonal quarter, but nonetheless, we are pleased by our start to the year. The return to organic revenue growth is a signed that our clients have begun to pivot to an investment mindset as they look to build their brands and grow their businesses in line with the broader economic recovery. Our performance is also a reflection of the strength of our people, our offerings and of long-term strategies that have helped us drive consistently strong performance over time. We all know that the pandemic has accelerated a range of underlying trends, whether in business or society at large. As a result, many of our clients are undertaking meaningful transformation of their companies. This means adopting new ways in which they go to market in order to keep pace with rapid digitization of consumer behavior and economic activity. In a world that's more cluttered than ever with messages and channel all vying for our attention, the most critical challenge is to combine great ideas that come from the human storytelling side of our business with strategies and insights that can be generated by our technology and data capabilities. We've increasingly seen the amounts of time people spend online, picking up content that's engaging informative, entertaining or some combination of all 3. Content is undoubtedly more important than ever, and that's what makes the creative side of our business so vital. Equally important is getting those messages to people in ways that are relevant, respectful of their privacy and ultimately connect with them in meaningful ways. It's also key to take the information flow that results from all those digital interactions and apply it at every step along the process from audience definition to creative ideation in order to better understand the impact that our clients' communications are having on their businesses. Our differentiated capabilities include a range of data-driven offerings that can do this both at scale and at speed. As you know, we've been developing a data and tech infrastructure that underpins the full portfolio of our agencies and deliver solutions to a broad range of business problems through what we call the open architecture model. All of our major clients are seeing the benefits of this integrated approach as our prospective clients. During the quarter, it was gratifying to see that the Kinesso behavioral sciences teams are engaging with more of our advertising and marketing services agencies than at any time since we launched those offerings. Despite the challenging external circumstances that we continue to deal with in the quarter, certain key elements of our business remain constant. We will always succeed by adapting rapidly in our ways of working and how we are meeting the needs of clients. Since the start of the year, we onboarded or promoted top talent across the organization, once again received high levels of industry recognition and saw solid new business performance, where we remain net positive for the past 12 months. As you've seen in our results, growth in the quarter was driven by contemporary offerings in which we've consistently invested, including media, data and tech, health care and digital user experience. Another area where IPG has invested significant resources is in our environmental, social and governance programs. For some time, we focused on building a culture of high ethical standards by adhering to a set of values centered around respect for every individual as a company responsible for creating some of the world's most well-known marketing campaign. We have an obligation to ensure that the work we do as well as how we deliver it supports the long-term well-being of our communities. This quarter, IPG released its sixth annual sustainability report using the global reporting initiative standards framework. The report can be found on our website, and it represents another step forward for us in our commitment to ESG. In terms of climate action, we track IPG's global energy usage and greenhouse gas emissions across our entire portfolio. Next month, we plan to announce several strategic priorities focused on tackling climate change including a science-based target for reducing our emissions globally. The report also aligns with the UN Global Compact and focuses on human capital disclosures. Further, we make clear that we operate with a core expectation that individuals deserve control over their data and that we are responsible for promoting high ethical standards in terms of data privacy and security. Equity and inclusion also remain areas of focus for us. Our agencies are attuned to this priority, and they are held accountable because we have to show further progress when it comes to diversity in our ranks. IPG's latest MSCI ESG ratings report, which is a key ESG data provider for our various stakeholders, saw an increase in our company's score to an A rating. Our improvement was the result of increased disclosure when it comes to human capital management, our position and capabilities related to data privacy and certain governance enhancements. More recently, we joined Civic Alliance, as well as many of our clients, in calling for the protection of voting access here in the United States. We continue to be committed to promoting democracy, and we'll work to support safe, accessible and fair elections as well as to encourage our employees to participate in civic life. As a business in which attracting top talent and advising clients is crucial to our success, a robust approach to ESG is a key part of our long-term strategy and important to all stakeholders. Turning now to highlights from our portfolio. During the quarter, we issued our second media responsibility audit, addressing in a structured and consistent manner one of the most topical issues in the digital media ecosystem. This framework and the principle it sets forth continue to be well received by clients as well as key industry groups. Mediabrands' MAGNA unit also hosted a first-of-its-kind equity upfront, a week-long event intended to raise visibility and receptivity for black owned media and media that serves Black audiences. In addition, the network announced that it would be joining forces with TikTok for a creator and content accelerator. Two of our most dynamic units were in the media space. where we continue to leverage our deep data resources and capabilities. We're seeing strong growth in Matterkind, which is customizing addressable media activation at scale for more of our clients. At Reprise commerce we have rapidly scaled operations on a global basis as we address growing needs in e-commerce, particularly for insight, content and analytics. Following on a series of new business wins, Initiative elevated its U.S. leader to global CEO, where we believe she will have an even greater impact on the network success. At UM during the quarter, we added a global rental car client as well as an auto OEM in EMEA and HBO Max in LatAm. UM was also named an outstanding company for working mothers, and 3 of its executives were named Adweek Media All Stars, a distinction that was also earned by leaders of Reprise and Mediahub. At our creative integrated global agencies, both McCann Worldgroup and FCB were named to the top 5 most awarded networks of 2020 in the Drum's world creative rankings. Both also had work in the Super Bowl that was well received in a number of polls and rankings. Following the implementation of our succession plan, at the end of 2020, McCann Worldgroup posted a solid first quarter. Along with most awarded networks of 2020 in the Drum rankings, McCann New York came in at #4 on that list In terms of the top 100 agencies worldwide. At MRM, the agency was again named a leader in Gartner's 2021 Magic Quadrant for global marketing agencies based on their ability to serve as key strategic business partners for clients and to execute on critical marketing priorities. Huge and R/GA also featured on that list. The health operations at McCann and FCB performed strongly in the quarter and continue to take share in the marketplace. The notable program I'd like to call out was FCB Health's launch of the trial for #clinicalequality to shine a light on racial bias in clinical oncology trial. In MullenLowe Group, Mediahub continued on its new business streak for the addition of Global wins Slack and -- as well as New Balance in the U.K. Mediahub also introduced its inaugural diversity own Media Day and revamped its U.S. leadership team with a series of internal promotions. The MullenLowe advertising network continues to be a leader in purpose-driven work. Partnering with several independent casting agencies, The agency recently launched a campaign for Unilever's Dove to promote inclusivity in commercial testing. In the U.K., the agency has continued to do important work on behalf of the government to inform and educate the British public concerning the pandemic. The campaign U.S. Agency of the Year awards, the Martin Agency was recognized with multiple honors. And the agency also teamed with Mediahub for an integrated win of Terminix in Q1. Huge posted strong results during the quarter and saw two big wins, adding Coppertone and Wakefern to its client roster. The agency also announced the return of its Huge XD school with a renewed equity centered purpose that seeks to use education to increase the participation of underrepresented identities in the design industry. And in R/GA, the agency's Venture Studio program announced the launch of a new coalition venture studio with a mission to support Black start-up founders. IPG DXTRA companies continue to deliver specialized capabilities and integrated solutions for clients in our evolving world. Bowen was once again a standout in new business arena. Weber Shandwick was named PR Agency of the Year of the Campaign U.S. Awards, and the agency also launched the planned VX open playbook, a communications program that draws on extensive vaccination and public health communications expertise to help companies play a role in getting America vaccinated. At Octagon, leader in sports marketing, we recently promoted a longtime executive to the role of CEO. Performance at Acxiom was consistent with our expectations and in line for a year of solid growth in 2021. The company continues to carve out a position as an authority in the integration of marketing and advertising technology. During the quarter, Acxiom expanded its partnership to better manage and measure campaign execution through the cloud in order to provide tangible improvements in campaign efficiency and speed. Acxiom is also accelerating its development in client verticals where it sees opportunities. Recently, Fortune named Acxiom one of 2021's Best Workplaces in Technology. Working closely with the Acxiom data teams, Kinesso deployed its enhanced identity solution with half a dozen large clients. This has already driven double-digit lifts in campaign efficiency. Kinesso also expanded its range of direct data integrations with prominent platforms and ad tech companies. As I mentioned earlier, we are pleased to see the Kinesso API connecting data and analytics capabilities across more of the IPG portfolio. Since we see this as a growth driver for our business and a source of potential new revenue streams. Acxiom, Kinesso and Matterkind, are working together to bring end-to-end data and identity solutions to clients in collaboration with a number of IPG agencies, We've seen the impact of this recently in new wins and expanded assignments in the telecom, auto, health care and financial services sectors. Looking forward, we will stay focused on unlocking the enormous opportunities that exist due to the changes and disruptions that have accelerated during these past 12 months. We worked over the years to embed digital capabilities throughout our organization and build a foundational layer of tech and data infrastructure that informs all our work. As a result, we have a deep understanding of audiences at the individual level based on the strong legacy of ethical data practices. Personalization, privacy and accountability are only going to grow in importance and value going forward. Our vision is, therefore, for IPG to become a key partner in ensuring that clients businesses thrive in the digital economy. The success we have seen at the start of the year is thanks to the talent, efforts and commitment of our people. As you'd expect, we are focused on supporting their physical and mental well-being and listening to them in planning a return to office. That likely is to begin the meaningful degree in September, dependent on continued progress and matters related to resolving the public health crisis. It will be a gradual and iterative process in which we obviously were going to have test and learn as we go. As such, on the cost drivers that go hand-in-hand with live collaboration with colleagues as well as calling on clients in person, which have, of course, been reduced as a result of lockdowns, we'll begin to work their way back into our ways of working as well as our operating results. We've already shared with you our perspective on the balance of the year, which is based on the assumption that there will continue to be a reasonably steady course of macro recovery. As is clear, we view our current performance and long-term strategy as significant factors that will continue to enhance shareholder value. As always, we're committed to sound financial fundamentals, including debt reduction as well as continuing to grow our dividend. We also remain focused on getting back to our share repurchase program when appropriate. We will, of course, keep you apprised of progress as the year develops. As always, we very much want to thank our clients and our people who are the key drivers of our success. Thank you all for the time this morning. And with that, let's open the call for questions.
Operator:  Our first question is from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: I guess my first question really is on the guidance, sort of clarifying a bit more at 5% to 6% organic revenue growth. I think you mentioned -- I think you just mentioned sort of a steady recovery is the assumption behind it. But I'm wondering if you're anticipating things like sports and events come back later in the year sort of the -- in your assumptions for that guide. And then just a follow-up question is really on the new business activity. I'm wondering if there was maybe a low in 2020 and that has created kind of a pent-up demand or backlog, a more robust pipeline potentially for 2021, which could ultimately have an outsized influence to the full year organic growth.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Alexia. Let me start -- I guess, it doesn't matter which one we take first, right? And so as you know, sports and events are actually a fairly small part of the portfolio. I think we're talking about sub 5% of overall revenue. And so in essence, we do believe that there's going to be some resumption in that area probably towards the third quarter, definitely in the fourth quarter, but I don't think that's a significant factor that impacted where and how we got to that expectation about what we think the year looks like. I think Ellen and I both mentioned in our remarks the frequency with which we meet with the operators to discuss financial forecast, that was way up last year. We've largely kept to that cadence So that and client conversations is what's really informed our belief of what we can discover -- sorry, what we can deliver for the full year. I think that's really the function of it and then, obviously, the underlying revenue trends which we talked about, whether it's geographic, whether it's client driven or the progression over the course of the first few months of the year. And then in terms of new business, I think that there is a general consensus that last year, there was, as you say, kind of a damping down in that regard just because, obviously, going through that process, whether you're either going through it in a kind of lockdown purely virtual setting or whether it's just not a disruption that clients were really, I think, particularly open to given that there was so much uncertainty. So I think we have begun to see an increase, an uptick in that regard, and it's to be seen whether that continues, I think that, at the moment, that's the expectation. We're seeing some indications of that, but there may be more to come.
Alexia Quadrani: And then if I could ask one more. On the buyback, is that still -- we should still think about that as sort of maybe something for -- in 2022 or the tail end of this year? How should we think about the timing of that?
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, look, I mean, you know that we've got a very strong track record when it comes to capital return. And I think as we've been very, very clear that, that continues to be something we're very focused on and a priority. I'm going to I'm going to quote Ellen. She said something on our last call about revenue, which was -- it's not if but when.  And so I think I'm going to say the same applies to share repurchase. I'm not sure that what else Ellen would care to add in that regard in terms of balance sheet or how we're thinking about the progression.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. No, listen, I will reiterate that we believe capital return is very, very important. I believe we have a track record of showing that. We were very pleased to see the rating agencies change their outlook on us. We have a debt paydown in October, and we will continue to be focused and analyze the situation. And yes, I really do believe it's not a question of if but when.
Philippe Krakowsky: And you saw us increase dividend last year, notwithstanding the challenges. And to our mind, we want a balanced approach to this, and so we do want to get back to that.
Operator: The next question is from John Janedis with Wolfe Research.
John Janedis: So your confidence level around the $160 million of structural cost savings seems obviously pretty high given the margin outlook. So can you talk a little more around the time line of hitting it? Is there potentially some upside given lower business travel and expenses you talked about? And to what extent does real estate create maybe another potential for the talent?
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I mean I think there are lots of ins and outs here, so we can obviously unpack that for you. I would sort of say we've been clear that, that $160 million is a commitment that we, as a management team, have signed up for. So that's definitely the case. You see growth in Q1. So the strategic structural actions are beginning to kind of, in essence, get leverage, and so that's clearly very encouraging. And then we also talked about the fact that a lot of that $160 million would be evident in the '21 results and that real estate actions would not all be realized that we'd see some in '22 depending on the pace of the subleases, right? So the stated objective of we want to emerge from the pandemic as a stronger company, it feels to me like we have early indications given the quarterly results that, that's clearly what we're doing. And then there are clearly other factors at play. So the ins and the outs of -- independent of the restructuring over a bunch of years, we've demonstrated the ability to grow margins with revenue growth. So there's growth now. So there's -- some of what's in the results just shows what Ellen and her team and what our operators are able to do in terms of discipline and focus on operating leverage, And then we're also starting to get into some higher value services and revenue streams. And the tailwind that is -- I think the unknown is that growth has come back prior to normalization of what, I guess, we'd call kind of pre-pandemic business travel meetings and all the costs that are associated with that. And I think that, over time, that's going to reverse. We go back to office, we go back to in-person interactions. And those are positives. I think there will be things that come out of those ways of working that will be good for the business and for what we're able to do with clients. And as some of those then costs come back into the model, then real estate savings materialize as we go into '22. So on all of those moving parts, I think we've got more detail in the various categories that had significant positive impact on margin. I think Ellen can probably unpack some of that with a lot of specificity for us.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. I mean if you look at the first quarter, again, I think it illustrates and demonstrates how confident we are that we can drive margins. If you look at -- we gained 480 basis points between base payroll, benefits and tax and the occupancy, and that was largely due to the restructuring. As Philippe has mentioned and as I've said, real estate is not linear. So some of that benefit will accrue to next year as well and beyond as the subleases take hold. But unpacking some of the more variable costs like T&E, I mean it did benefit us 150 basis points for the quarter. How quickly that comes back is really some things that are largely out of our control depending upon the health crisis, But I do believe there will be learnings from this period of time in the pandemic that we will benefit from in the future. And will it ever come back to the extent that we travel previously? Probably not. The other one-off I would call, last year, we had elevated bad debt expense in the first quarter. So that really created a tailwind this quarter of about 130 basis points. And lastly, I would add, not only do we have a track record of managing margin, but we're incentivized to do so. All of our incentive plans are aligned with this objective, which gives us even that more confidence that we'll get there.
John Janedis: That's helpful. And then maybe if I could shift gears. I was surprised that all of your international regions put up positive organic growth. Obviously, there are headlines in some markets, like India or Europe around COVID resurgence. Is it your sense from your people on the ground that you've turned the corner and that growth generally is sustainable?
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, I mean, I think there's an implicit answer in the fact that we're telling you what we think we can accomplish for the year. I think that international is interesting because the impact of the pandemic is so disparate and sector-driven. So I would look at a couple of things internationally that do give us comfort and give us reason to feel that there's something that's consistent here. So the decision of top-tier clients, so if you look at Europe, for example, we saw strength from a number of large clients in food and beverage, in CPG, in health care and in financial services. And so in a sense, I almost think -- and this is anecdotal, but you said is there anything you're hearing on the ground. I think even round two of lockdowns comes with less uncertainty in a sense. whether that's because clients have already pivoted to a better sense of how they're going to connect to consumers and drive demand through, say, e-com or it comes with somewhat less uncertainty because the vaccines are out there. And even though the pace at which vaccinations are proceeding in a number of countries, again, thinking about Europe where we had a lot of strength, people do have a sense that they're on a path to something, whereas the first time around, there was a lot of uncertainty, and so you could understand where clients we were wary of making any kind of commitment. So in a sense, I do think that, that gives us a sense that internationally, we can continue to deliver. And then the other thing is if you look at the offerings that are driving that strong international performance, there's consistent contributions, whether it's media tech, whether it's on the advertising side of things, McCann or whether it's the health care agencies.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson: I have a couple. So Philippe, on your revenue guide of 5% to 6%, that kind of takes you back to where you guys were a couple of years ago when you were leading the industry in growth. I wonder, given your view of the future, all the moving pieces on e-commerce and changes in consumption, do you think your company's growth will stay at that level? Or can you see acceleration structurally from some of the decisions you've made to reposition the company for maybe a faster-growing segment? So I want to know that. And then secondly -- the question Alexia asked about buybacks is even return to buybacks, there's a good amount of cash cushion that you guys will build. So can you talk a bit about your philosophy on M&A? I know you were the architect of the Acxiom deal. But do you favor small tuck-ins? Or should we expect down the road maybe another large acquisition to further reposition the company? So those are my questions.
Philippe Krakowsky: Two small questions, wow. So I guess on the latter, Michael, I'd say to you that for quite some time, what we clearly believed was the right course of action was to invest in talent and to build the capabilities and embed them across the portfolio. And so I think that, largely speaking, we're pretty -- we're confident in what we can control. And so we don't see gaps in the portfolio. We see that we've got a full suite of offerings. We like the assets of those offerings, and we think we've got great people. And then integration, open architecture feels like it's always going to be a work in progress, but relatively, we see it as a strength. And then underlying that now, we have kind of data and tech powering all of that. So I would assume that we will get back to an M&A posture that is more what you would have anticipated for us -- from us in the past. And we'll definitely look for areas where the technical skills that are required or the rates of growth we're seeing are such that we do want to make bets to supplement what we've got going on. And it could be that an area like e-com is one of them. But I don't see some of the need for something really dramatic and significant at this point. And a few years from now, we'll ask again. In terms of kind of the first question, we are compounding kind of a number of years of consistent outperformance, and clearly, we're seeing a shift in where the demand is. But to answer the question about whether we can get to these consistently kind of next level or higher growth numbers this early in the stages of kind of an economic recovery feels like it is probably premature to make that determination, right? I mean it's clearly, aspirationally, we see that, as I said, higher value services are definitely something we want to lean into. But everything works well because it's part of an integrated whole, right? And so we've been successful because we've evolved the offerings, not because we've kind of tried to jump to a whole other model of how we serve clients and how do we deliver value for clients. So I think that we'll see that play out over time.
Operator: The next question is from Julien Roch with Barclays.
Julien Roch: Yes. Philippe, Ellen Jerry, congrats on the results, especially the margin. My first question is on organic and the second one on margin. Anything that would change the 2-year run rate in Q2? So in Q1, 0.3 last year, 1.9 this year. So about 2% 2-year run rate, which would put Q2 up about 12% last year minus 10. So is 12% a better real estimate in Q2? That's my first question. And then the second one is on the margin. What has changed in terms of your thinking regarding margin? The new full year '21 guidance is quite ahead of consensus. Could it be that return to work is taking longer, so the savings are there for longer in 2021? And if that is the main explanation, could margin fall next year? Or would they be at least flat? So some more color on the significant upgrade in the margin perspective.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, I'm going to reiterate that, on margin, we committed to all of you that we would come through this crisis as a company that was stronger and, in a sense, more fit for purpose given where the world is going. And so as I said, we're pleased that we're seeing early indications because a lot of those restructuring decisions that were made were strategic in nature. They were about how do we make our companies nimbler, how do we make them able to provide services to clients but in a way that is more contemporary. So I do think that there's something that's happening that's underlying here. But as I think I mentioned, when Alexia asked the question, it's -- with so many ins and outs, you're asking a very fair question. You're asking a question we're asking ourselves. But I don't know that we've got a clear line of sight as to when are those costs going to start coming back in. As Ellen said earlier, what's going to be new normal in terms of in-person engagement, travel, things of that nature. So we clearly believe that where we're going is a better place, the extent to which we can give you that level of granularity right now. Ellen, I don't know what else you'd care to add on that margin question.
Ellen Johnson: No, listen, given the big assumption, right, that the economic recovery is steady, we feel pretty confident in the 5% to 6% revenue growth. And with that, we feel pretty confident that we can deliver the 15.5 margin. And that's from a bottoms approach, meeting with our operators very frequently. So we will continue to do that for.
Philippe Krakowsky: And then I think that becomes the floor from which to then ask ourselves what is possible beyond that because, as I think I also said earlier, we've got a long track record of where there is growth, we find ways to grow margin. Now on your revenue question, I think there's just -- there's a lot of kind of -- from a quarter-to-quarter basis, there's a lot of noise in the system in a sense. So obviously, our -- not that I would trade out of the position we're in, but our comps are quite challenging relative to peers. But we still feel strong enough that we're saying to you what we think the year looks like. And then the thing that is maybe masking the strength of the U.S. finishes rolling off at the end of Q2. But sequentially, every region, U.S. included, saw improvement. And then in a sense, the underlying book of business in the U.S. with plus 8, which is maybe, I think, probably 300 basis points better than kind of the other end of the spectrum for Q1 last year and then those '19 losses, so the underlying book of business in the U.S. grew about 4.5-ish this quarter. International, you've seen and we talked a bit and unpacked a bit about what's driving that.  And then I'd say that there's improved tone in terms of conversations with clients and operators as the quarter progressed. But we don't manage quarter-to-quarter, so I'm not sure I can tell you precisely. I think that, as I said, we're going to see recovery, and then there's -- it's not going to be linear.
Operator: And that was our last question. I'll now turn the call back over to Philippe for any closing thoughts.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, thank you all for joining us this morning. We are pleased with these results. We're appreciative of the support, and we look forward to taking you through our results when we meet again. Until then, I hope everybody stays well.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-10 13:41:07) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Conference Call.  This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for being with us. This morning, we are joined by Philippe Krakowsky, our CEO and by Ellen Johnson, our Chief Financial Officer. As usual, we have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website interpublic.com. We will begin our call with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A and plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Jerry and thank you all for joining us this morning. I will begin with a high level view of our performance in the quarter and for the full year. Ellen will then provide additional details. I will conclude with some updates on our agencies to be followed by our usual Q&A. First and foremost, I hope that you and your families continue to remain safe and healthy during the pandemic. As we all know, across much of the globe, the virus is still very much a presence in our daily lives. As such, our first priority continues to be to mitigate the impact of the health crisis on our colleagues and our clients as well as in our business. Its important to acknowledge the fact that over the past year, across IPG, our people have been subject to a range of extraordinary challenges. Their achievements have been remarkable and I want to very clearly express our admiration for their resilience and our appreciation for their ongoing commitment and effort. Moving now to our results, we are pleased to report a solid fourth quarter under conditions that continue to be challenging and full year performance that once again should place us at the top of our sector. In the fourth quarter, our organic growth change of net revenue was negative 5.4%. You will recall that our Q4 2019 result was organic growth of 2.9%, which included significant headwinds from certain client losses. So, for context, its worth noting that our continuing book of business from last years fourth quarter, which we were essentially lapping in Q4 2020, was a 5.6% growth number. In the U.S., the organic decrease in the quarter was 1.8% against a similarly challenging underlying U.S. comp of 6.4% growth in Q4 19. In international markets, our organic decrease for fourth quarter 2020 was 10.5%. For the full year, our organic net revenue decrease was 4.8%. As you would expect, those results continue to reflect the effect of the pandemic, which has had widely varying impacts on our businesses and clients. Our event companies, in particular, which are typically strong in the fourth quarter, continue to bear the brunt of the health situation given that restrictions on public gatherings remained in place in most markets around the world. Conversely, during the quarter, we continued to build positive momentum in disciplines such as media planning and investment. Additionally, client sectors such as healthcare and retail, which have been our growth leaders for the duration of the health crisis, continued to perform strongly in the fourth quarter.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. I want to reiterate Philippes comments and hoping that everyone is safe and healthy. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our website. Beginning on Slide 2 of the presentation, our organic net revenue change was negative 5.4% in the quarter. In the U.S., our organic decrease improved sequentially and was only 1.8%, while in our international markets that decrease was 10.5%. The U.S. outperformed international due to a mix of client sectors and the offerings in the U.S. that were less impacted by the current macroeconomic environment and with the effects of the pandemic and lockdowns in the UK, Europe and in some parts of Asia-Pacific, which weighed on revenue. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 21.8% before restructuring charges compared to 21.1% a year ago. Our EBITDA was $244.9 million and was $498.8 million before the restructuring charge compared with $512.7 million a year ago. For the quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.28 as reported, while our adjusted diluted earnings per share is $0.86. The adjustments exclude the after-tax impact of the amortization of acquired intangibles, the charge for restructuring and non-operating losses on the sales of certain small non-strategic businesses. Our cash flow from operations was strong for the year at $1.8 billion and our liquidity continues to be solid at $4.5 billion of cash and committed credit facilities at quarter end. Our restructuring program resulted in charges of $413.8 million during the year, which we expect will result in annualized permanent expense savings of approximately $160 million. We have concluded our actions under the program. This morning, as Philippe noted, our Board approved a 6% increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.27 per share. Turning to Slide 3, you will see our P&L for the quarter. I will cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Turning to Q4 revenue on Slide 4, our net revenue in the quarter was $2.28 billion. Compared to Q4 2019, the impact of the change in exchange rates was positive 10 basis points. Net divestitures were negative 80 basis points, which is the impact of the disposition of certain small non-strategic businesses over the past 12 months. Our reviews are ongoing and we expect to continue to have additional small dispositions as we move forward. Our organic net revenue change was a decrease of 5.4%. As you can see on the right hand side of the slide, that brings our organic change for the full year to negative 4.8%. At the bottom of this slide, we break out our segments. The organic change in our EM segment was a decrease of 3.8%. As a reminder, EM includes our global and domestic creatively-led integrated agencies, our media, data and technology offerings, and our digital specialists. IPG DXTRA, the re-branded CMG, is our global group of highly collaborative marketing service specialists. The organic change in the quarter was negative 15.1%, which reflects the disproportionate weight of live events and sports marketing within the segment, which has been most significantly impacted by the pandemic.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Ellen. As you know, our hallmark of our long-term strategy has been to invest behind our people and our agency brands and to embed digital across the portfolio so as to create a level of expertise that allows for greater collaboration when we activate integrated teams to address client opportunities. During the quarter and for the year, we continue to see evidence of the vibrancy of our brands and the evolution of our talent strategy. Highlights at our creative integrated networks were led by FCB, which was named Global Agency of the Year by Adweek in recognition of the agencys bold creative work and highly collaborative model as well as its embedded data and CRM capabilities. The health operations at FCB continued to be the key driver of growth for the network and we saw both FCB Health New York and FCB Cure named 2020 Best Places to Work by healthcare industry publication, MM&M. MullenLowe Group closed the year with a number of new business wins, notably at Mediahub with the addition of the NBA account after a very competitive pitch. The group was also named Network of the Year at the UKs IPA Effectiveness Awards. And MullenLowe Group UK was recognized by Campaign in its 2020 agency new business rankings as the markets top performer with net new billings that were 2.5x those of its nearest competitors. At McCann Worldgroup, we implemented a succession plan that sees a long-term executive with broad experience across the company step into the CEO role and the elevation of key team members into leadership roles in executive management as well as senior strategy and client leadership roles. At MRM, the agencys CEO added the title of Global Chairwoman and she brought in a highly regarded Global Chief Creative Officer to the agency. At Mediabrands, we saw the launch of the Mediabrands content studio, which pulls together creative capabilities from agencies in 12 key markets, ranging from long-form documentaries and branded content at UM and Initiative, the dynamic digital content from Reprise. This offering meets the increasing need we are seeing in the market for custom multiform content thats strategically integrated with media and brand purpose. In January, Initiative continued the new business streak that has seen it named as RECMAs fastest growing media agency, with a notable addition of T-Mobile. Our view is that culture drives commercial success. So, its also worth noting that the agency was named a Best Place to Work by AdAge. In LatAm, Initiative took home Agency Network of the Year honors in that regions festival of media awards competition. And at UM, it was recently announced that the agency had won a major automakers and European media planning and buying duties after a highly competitive review. At Acxiom, as I indicated earlier, the companys tools, expertise and data assets continue to play a role in an increasingly wide range of our offerings. Acxiom provides the foundational data layer for our holding company. And along with Kinesso, which is the technology applications layer, these are becoming core to our open architecture model with existing clients as well as in much of our new business activity. RGA added a number of new business wins in Q4, including Uber and Beam Suntory. At CES, in partnership with IPG, the agency hosted a virtual leadership innovation lounge, featuring top women leaders from clients like Ally Bank, Mitu and Reddit. At Huge, the agency secured further global CRM business for SK-II and announced work with Verizon of launch of full transparency, which is a blockchain verification system that has the potential of transforming the way in which companies disseminate news for their principal audiences. Huge and RGA were listed among the top 30 agencies for clients to work with in 2021 by R3 Worldwide, the independent consultancy which also cited both agencies in the top three spots in its latest U.S. new business league rankings. MRM, RGA and Huge also earned a place in the 2020 Gartner Magic Quadrant for global marketing agencies based on their ability to serve as key strategic business partners for clients and to execute on critical marketing priorities. The Martin Agency was named U.S. Agency of the Year by Adweek and its open for delivery campaign for DoorDash was recognized some of the best creative work of 2020. AdAge also named Carmichael Lynch and Campbell Ewald to its industry list of Best Places to Work. Turning to our IPG DXTRA segment, during the quarter, Weber Shandwick unveiled a permanent hybrid model for its global workforce called Juice, which puts employee flexibility at the core. The agency also announced new wins with existing clients, including work with the CDC to promote immunization across the lifespan of all Americans.  named a new global chairwoman and added General Mills and Roche to its client roster. The agency was also recognized at the 2020 ANA Multicultural Excellence awards, along with FCB Canada, IW Group and the Martin Agency. Turning to the holding companies, for many years, we have made ESG, including diversity, equity and inclusion, a key area of focus. As a leader in marketing services and a citizen of the communities where our employees live, work and vote, we welcome the responsibility to operate sustainably, contributing to a healthier society and a healthier planet. We are working to build on and more fully live into this commitment, including by reassessing how we hire, train and promote a diverse workforce as well as further reduce our greenhouse gas emissions around the world. In recent years, we have made steady progress in sustainability, planning, action and reporting. As a result, during the quarter and for the second year in a row, IPG was named to the FTSE for Good Index, the global index that identifies top public companies with strong ESG practices. We were also included on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index in North America, which recognizes the top quintile of sustainability performers among the 600 largest U.S. and Canadian companies. In just this past month, we were recognized with two further ESG honors, including the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index for the second consecutive year and the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index for the 12th year running. As a business in which attracting top talent is vital to our success whether in creative services or our growing technology capabilities, an intentional approach to ESG is an important part of our strategy. Another aspect of our strategy going back several years has to do with our decision to incorporate data expertise into the core of the company. Understanding data and its power is absolutely essential to the current and future success of every company. As is an ethical and conscious approach that respects consumer privacy and promotes brand safety, all of which will be crucial as we look ahead to increased regulation in the digital media space. Going forward, we will continue to enhance the technology layer within our offerings and to build tech-enabled marketing solutions, informed by a holistic understanding of audiences. This is what will allow us to deliver personalized user experiences and more accountable marketing for brands. Ultimately, our vision for IPG is to be the key partner in ensuring that clients businesses thrive in the digital economy. This is what makes us confident in our long-term prospects. Looking at the year ahead, we know IPG is well positioned to participate in the global economic recovery. As I stated earlier, we fully expect to return to positive organic growth over the course of the year, in line with a macroeconomic recovery, and to deliver growth for the full year thats consistent with the industry on top of our outperformance in 2020 relative to our peer group. The timing of our progress during the year does remain an open question. And this is in part due to the fact that last years first quarter was largely unaffected by the pandemic while this year has remained burdened by COVID, but its especially true given the significant variable that we all face related to public health and economic policy decisions in major world markets. As we get better visibility to these larger issues, as well as the rate of recovery in industry sectors that have been most impacted by the pandemic, the pace of our progress will become clearer. As always, as the year unfolds, we will regularly review our perspective with you on our quarterly call and well keep you updated on our expectations. We will, of course, continue to invest behind the growth of our businesses and in developing our people just to further differentiate our offerings, which is what ultimately creates value for clients and has helped us establish a position of leadership in our sector. In keeping with our long-standing focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility, we intend to continue to pay down debt. Our ongoing commitment to the dividend is clear in the action announced by our Board today, which also speaks to confidence in the longer term prospects for our company. And return of capital remains a priority for us. So we look forward to being in a position to return to share repurchase as part of a balanced approach to sustain value creation. Thanks again for your time. We look forward to your questions now.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question is from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. You may go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you so much and welcome, Philippe. I had a couple  two questions. First, if you could elaborate a little bit on the softness in Europe. Really any color you can give us in terms of how widespread it is across client verticals or disciplines, and any indication maybe if that softness has continued into the start of the year? I know its really early. And I guess staying in that kind of vein has account movement maybe paused a little bit now in Europe as well?
Philippe Krakowsky: Hi, Alexia. Thank you for the question. Look, I think that the delta that you saw in the fourth quarter when it came to international vis--vis U.S. was really just a continuation of a trend that weve seen during the course of the year. But I think its really just a matter of degree and not something thats indicative of what were going to be looking at or expecting. I wouldnt project that into 2021. And so in terms of sort of getting underneath that for you, Id say that the key driver of that was really sector mix, right? So first and foremost, Id point out that health care was our strongest performer all year and that skews very heavily to the U.S. by a factor probably of about 2:1. And thats just a function of how Interpublic was built over time. And I think its also reflective of the fact that direct-to-consumer advertising, obviously, is not something that exists in most world markets. So I would think of health care as a place where we had much more sail to the wind in the U.S. than elsewhere in around the globe in what is clearly one of our strongest client sectors. And health care also is  has a lot of Q4 project revenue. So we saw more of that realized here. The second piece of how I would think about that split is media was a strong performer for us in Q4. So we talked when the pandemic hit about the fact that, that had been dialed back in Q2, clients reacted to what was going on with the economic situation by shutting down largely the digital media. So we started to see that come back in Q3. It came back stronger in Q4. And so again, there by virtue of the fact that the U.S. is our largest market, there was more upside. And then the other two factors that I think have to do with this are Acxiom has a significantly larger business in the U.S. than in rest of world. Its clearly a less cyclical business so it was much less susceptible to what I guess you could call it kind of a Q4 project squeeze than were the project-based businesses. And then lastly, on a couple of our calls as we went through the year last year, we did call out the fact that the pandemic was probably going to have an impact and there was a risk to Q4 project spend, right. And that definitely played out, and it played out to a much greater degree on the international side of things. And I think that there were clearly more pandemic restrictions on gatherings, on holiday-themed events, even actually on kind of retail level activation, so, experiential and events where as we said to you, about 5% of our business, and it was clearly impacted throughout the year. Ex-U.S., the impact of that was again about 2:1 outside of the U.S. and clearly not in anybodys favor. So hopefully, that will sort of get you a sense of  and then in terms of one of the things thats good about a succession that has a lot of continuity to it is that our clients and our people feel comfortable. I think one of the things that may be not so good is that I still have to tell you that we dont  we are not planning on kind of reporting on a quarter-by-quarter  on a month-by-month basis, sorry about that. So what we are seeing in the very early stages of 21 is its a very limited small sample size and thats something we are likely to give anybody insight into.
Alexia Quadrani: No, I understand that. No worries. And then just a quick follow-up is on the buyback, I know you touched on it in your opening comments about capital return to shareholders and it will return at some point. Are there certain metrics that you look to whether its return to positive organic growth or just really more clarity on the virus and the vaccines, I am curious sort of what you look to just sort of make the determination of when do we start to buyback?
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, I am going to ask Ellen to jump in here.
Ellen Johnson: Good morning, Alexia. How are you?
Alexia Quadrani: Great.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you for the question. Listen, return of capital, as we mentioned, remains a priority. I think you can see that by the actions the Board did today against our dividend. Our priority is to maintain a strong balance sheet. We plan on paying down our debt that is due in October. But share repurchases is something we are looking to get back to the resume so that we maintain the capital return mix that we have in the past, so
Philippe Krakowsky: We definitely want to get back to that balanced capital return.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from John Janedis with Wolfe Research. You may go ahead.
John Janedis: Thanks. Good morning. Philippe, you talked about the velocity of change and becoming more of a strategic partner. So can you talk about your share of wallet with larger clients? And based on some of the examples you gave, would it be fair to say that your top I dont know, 50 or 100 clients are still a growing organic at a rate faster than the overall company? And then separately for Ellen, you talked about the cost savings. Can you talk a little bit more in terms of  is it split fairly evenly between salary and real estate? And on the real estate side, I assume that may take more time to flow in based on some lease expirations. So do those savings come in beyond 2021?
Philippe Krakowsky: So the supposition about share of wallet and about the fact that our top 100 or so clients are likely outpacing the rest of the portfolio is a fair one. I would say that, thats definitely something that we are seeing. And thats something that we would like to see more of obviously, because there its a smarter way to grow than to be reliant on reviews and things of that nature. And then I also think that the fact of the matter is that, that confluence of marketing and technology is having an impact in every company. And I think that, as you said, the pandemic has brought forward the need for companies in a very broad range of spaces, including companies and industries that are probably not as data-rich or that were not as reliant on certain mechanisms to be reaching consumers or to be thinking about sort of lifetime customer value with consumers, things of that nature. So its definitely something that were very focused on. And it was one of the reasons I wanted to call out in the opening remarks, give some sort of detail and color into the kinds of engagements and how when you have media that allows you to really understand audiences and engage with them and then when you bring data into the core and it informs everything from the insights that lead to the ideation, all of the ways in which the messages are served out, and then you begin to have kind of essentially the capacity to optimize not just in some of the traditionally sort of digital capabilities where you could do that. Everything clearly is becoming more and more addressable. So thats definitely an area of focus for us and then for the management teams at the bulk of our agencies.
Ellen Johnson: And then with regards to your question regarding restructuring, first of all, I have to say that our teams did an amazing job with the program. All throughout the year, they continue to look for opportunities to really take the learnings from this time period and take actions against it that would result in the permanent savings that were projecting. So we do expect to see savings, both on the SRS line and on occupancy as a result of it. The accounting for leases is neither intuitive or linear so you will see some savings in 2021 but you will see more thereafter as the leases start to get subleased. So  and leases, as you imagined, have longer paybacks, right, because theyre over several years. So hopefully  but again, we are very confident that well realize these permanent savings and are really grateful for all the efforts of our teams in undertaking it.
John Janedis: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Julien Roch with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes. Good morning, Philippe. Good morning, Ellen. Good morning, Jerry. My question is on media. You said it was strong in Q4. Ellen talked about working capital. So it looks like its a positive number in Q4 after being positive in Q3. So I was hoping you could give us more color on media performance in Q4 and the full year. And then staying on media, WPP did give us the media numbers at the Investor Day where GroupM had grown 7.5% in the 5 years to 2019, 5.6% organic. I was hoping you could give us some color there as well? And then the last question is, I mean, if I had a dollar, every time the client told me that you dont need an agency, because you can go straight to Google and Facebook, Id be retired by now. So, media has been one of the best business of the agency space. And also you explain us if you could explain to us why that is, why has media been so strong and why the majority of investors, which for the media has been an area of headwind how long? Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. I am trying to figure out which maybe Ill go from the back to the front. So I think media has been an area where by virtue of the fact that you have very sizable budgets that are being invested and by virtue of the fact that the shift to digital in recent years has allowed there to be greater precision and a degree of accountability, because I think that its also fair to say that it is an opaque ecosystem and that some of the expectation of accountability that people had. It took a while for us to really understand what was going on there. But I think what weve had is weve had the ability to have conversations with clients in the media space that are about more than perhaps just the marketing side of their business, they really  their business conversations around the ROI around those investments. And so I think that across most of the groups, theres been investment behind that. Weve taken a different approach perhaps than our peers. As you know, when it comes to building a model that was much more consultative in nature, and it was not really one that was predicated on volume. And so what we tend to define was that again, there was a lot of interest in what we were able to do by pulling together understanding of audiences, by launching initially our own programmatic platform or at least our own programmatic trading desk and then the data stack that we began to develop ourselves prior to the investment that we made into Acxiom. So I think that those are all the logical reasons why media has been a growth driver and just the huge fragmentation that weve seen and the complexity that has come with the media channels and as we all remember, Michael always used to say, complexity is good. Complexity definitely created opportunity for us to provide consultative services to clients now on sector disclosure, thats a tougher one for me to  I understand and respect that the question from your point of view is if Im trying to analyze the space and to model performance, I clearly would want to bucket and quantify the sectors. And then hopefully, I think you will understand and respect that my answer is not going to conform directly to that because its not actually how we run the business. So as I mentioned initially, and as we were just discussing on the prior question, increasingly, we engage with clients by bringing multiple agencies and competencies to the table. Thats the integrated approach with open architecture. We now ground those solutions in a layer of data and/or technology services. Clearly, media is an important part of that. So the performance of the disciplines is tied very closely together. And one of the things that I think the operators get tired of hearing me say is the word interdependence. So theres that theres the fact that for many years, weve embedded digital into all of the agencies. And I think that it makes the specific agencys offerings more relevant, but it also does give us that common language for working together, right. And so going back quite a few years now, when the industry was becoming much more digitized, the number of our peers started to highlight this percentage of digital revenue, and we didnt, and we believe that the best barometer to see whether the strategy is working and to gauge our performance is organic growth, right. You look at the last 4 to 5 years, for last 5 to 6 years even and you have an average of 4% to 5% per year organic growth. So, this is pre-pandemic, right. So I think you conclude from that, that the performance of all of the agencies is quite solid. And we do highlight on performers. So media, healthcare in recent years clearly have to be north of that range. But I would point out that timeframe during that 5 to 6 year timeframe the creative agencies have posted growth, right. And you  when you look at a sector like healthcare, its positively impacting not just our health care specialist agencies, but its an important driver in media. Its in some of the ad agencies, right. Its in the PR space. So the focus for us is the client, their consumers, supporting the brands and then driving to this collaboration. So starting to pick the pieces apart, I think, runs counter to philosophically what we are trying to build.
Julien Roch: Okay. Yes, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. You may go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. Hi, Philippe. How are you? Couple of  I have two questions for you. One is on the U.S. and I think we have all been surprised by the speed of which spending has bounced back on digital and advertising. Its almost in V shaped. But I wonder  I know some businesses lag within agencies. When you look at your portfolio within the U.S., where are you seeing the lag? And what are the gating factors to get some of those services back to growth? So thats in the U.S. And then internationally, as you have mentioned, has been moving back to lockdowns. Have client behaviors change now versus the first lockdown scenario, given whats happened in terms of people who spent looked like they succeeded? So I just want to understand whats the psychology as markets return to lockdown versus where they were before?
Philippe Krakowsky: Hi, Michael. Thank you. Look, I mean, I think that in the U.S., knowing that we came into the year comping against the year last year where there was growth. And we had those three pretty sizable client losses as you say, there has been  its been remarkably resilient. And obviously, that might be because there has been a little bit less in the way of restrictions on certain kinds of behavior. And I think that there may be other extenuating factors. But I would think that what we are seeing here and what we are seeing in Europe vis--vis changes in behavior goes to people are definitely moving faster to trying to understand what is e-com do for them, what is connected commerce sort of to what extent can you take social and other channels. And I think you probably just saw today, TikTok kind of clearly making any number of things sort of shoppable on the platform. And so I think that its fairly intuitive whats going on, which is that clients are either looking at ways to use digital channels to drive commerce or theyre looking at ways to use their first-party data and to do much more CRM-like activity. I mean, theres no kind of magic wand on this one. Its pretty much what youd expect. And then in terms of the psychology of it, I think its part of what is contributing to the  just the caution that people have as they look to this year. I mean, I would bet you that there isnt anybody I know, and Im sure that these are pretty extraordinary circumstances, right? So would any of us have thought that we would still be working from home or in lockdown a year after the pandemic began, right. So thats just informing the fact that people are being deliberate. I dont think people are reacting quite as there isnt as much of a pullback as there was when the initial shock hit. But now theres the sense of even though we are beginning to see the light at the end of the tunnel, are we really going to get there on the time line that we are hoping for or might there be some forks in the road on the way to that. So I think that psychologically thats  its just about people being thoughtful and a bit cautious but people are still engaged.
Michael Nathanson: Alright. Thanks, Philippe.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. You may go ahead.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you. I am just curious, can you just explain a little bit further, maybe even quantify it, the rated decline of organic growth in the fourth quarter was obviously a little bit worse than what youve experienced in the third quarter. If you took out the project-based piece of that, was it more in line? Thats my first question. And then also I wanted to hear a little bit further in Continental Europe, if you could just tell us the major countries there, if is there any wide disparity in the performance of Germany versus Italy versus France, etcetera? Thank you.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I mean, I think that  I am trying to  thats a lot in one go, but the project-based businesses, as we pointed out, were the ones that were most impacted. And so I think if you look at where the decline in the quarter was felt most  what dragged. So if you look at again, not that for us, the sectors are how we are running the business. But if you looked at what the CMG sector had and then you think about where our overall performance was, you can see that thats where a disproportionate amount of the drag was. And then on a country-by-country basis, in a market like Europe, when you think about the fact that the continent for us is 8% of total revenue, its down 7.3%. Some of those markets are actually not really all that big for us. And so what you have happening there, I think, is less kind of a macro or a secular trend and its really, really very sector specific. So it really comes down to client mix in some of those markets where if you have exposure to certain areas, it hurts you more than others.
Craig Huber: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that was our final question. I will turn the call back to Philippe for any closing thoughts.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, thank you. Thank you all for joining us. We appreciate the interest. We appreciate the support. We look forward to continued conversations over the course of this year, and its a long game. So everybody stays safe. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Thank you. Good morning. We hope you are all well. Thank you for being with us this morning. This morning we are joined by Michael Roth, Ellen Johnson and Philippe Krakowsky. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website interpublic.com. We will begin our call with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A and plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our third quarter performance. I would like to start by saying that I hope that you and your families have remained safe and healthy during this pandemic. Our focus this year has been and continues to be how the health crisis has impacted our people, our clients and our business, as well as on driving discipline and effective response to a challenging environment. While navigating the many professional and personal challenges of this unprecedented period of time, our people have delivered on our strategic priorities, staying close to clients, continuing to develop and invest in our talent and offerings, managing operating expenses to revenue and positioning into public to emerge an even stronger company on the other side of the recession. Our results in the quarter underscore once again that our offerings and our people are best in class. In our third quarter, our organic change of net revenue was negative 3.7%. As expected, that result continues to show the effect of the pandemic and global economic contraction, though perhaps not to the extent anticipated. Our fully adjusted EBITDA, which excludes a charge for restructuring, increased 5% and our adjusted diluted EPS increased 8.2% over comparable year ago earnings. This is a strong accomplishment and a credit to our management teams. Against the challenging business environment, these results make once again to the strength and resiliency of our offerings, the flexibility of our business model and the exceptional quality of our talent. Across our service portfolio, the pandemic has affected our business differently, but nearly all of our agencies and disciplines showed improved growth from the second quarter. Our events practices have been hit hardest by the pandemic for the obvious reasons. Events, as we've shared previously, was 4% to 5% of our revenue base last year. Clients continue to engage with us on alternative models that will leverage technology for hybrid remote and in-person experiences to maintain the brand power of collective experience and networking under their brands. The performance of our many creatively led integrated global and domestic agency brands varied in the quarter, which reflects the different mix of clients and regional footprints. Our media, data and technology offerings together grew in the quarter compared to a year ago. Our healthcare disciplines continue to grow and take market share. Our largest clients again outperformed in the quarter. Our Open Architecture go-to-market continues to win in the marketplace as a collaborative platform for our best-in-class agencies to elevate the scope and value of our services with the top tier of marketers. Among client sectors, our top performers were again the retail sector and the healthcare sector. At the other end of the spectrum, the sectors most impacted by the recession were the industrial clients within our other category and the auto and transportation sector, which is also similar to our second quarter. In terms of sequential changes, it's worth noting that both auto and industrial were less challenged than what we saw in the second quarter. By region, the U.S. decreased 2.4% organically and with 65% of our revenue mix in the quarter. Our international markets decreased 6% organically with a broad range of performance marked by Continental Europe at plus 2.3% and Asia Pac at negative 15.2%. Turning to operating expenses and margin. Our teams continue to manage very effectively as reflected in our results. Our net operating expenses decreased by 6.9% from a year ago before the charge for restructuring, which compares with the 5.2% decrease in net revenue. Both of our principal cost lines decreased. We drove significant leverage on our expense for base payroll and our office and other expense and are beginning to see the impact of structural cost reductions. I would emphasize that alongside these operating efficiencies, we continue to invest in people making some notable headline hires that show our ongoing position as the destination for the industry's top talent. In addition, we've continued to enhance the tools and distinctive offerings which has made us the growth leader on an industry over a period of many years. This includes initiatives from our diversity and inclusion group such as our new free group counseling sessions for our BIPOC employees. It also includes our investments in continued innovations and new products in our data and tech group, for example which we will address later this morning. As we anticipated on our conference call in July, we took additional actions in the third quarter to structurally lower operating expenses and to further transform our business. These actions are result of a strategic review of our operations that will continue into the fourth quarter and resulted in a third quarter restructuring charge of $47.3 million. Of the total charge, $28 million is not in cash. Along with the actions we've taken in the second quarter, our restructuring actions to-date are expected to result in total annualized savings of approximately $110 million to $130 million that are permanent, which is approximately 140 basis points of full year 2019 net revenue. We plan to take additional actions in our fourth quarter, the majority of which will be related to real estate and will be non-cash charges. These are also expected to result in significant restructuring expense and additional structural savings and to conclude our program. In the third quarter, our adjusted EBITDA margin was 13.8% and was 16.2% excluding restructuring charges, which is 150 basis points better than last year. Diluted earnings per share was $0.71 as reported and was $0.53 as adjusted for the restructuring, intangible amortization and other items that are below operating income. As we look to our seasonally important fourth quarter, we're confident in the strength of our model and the competitiveness of our offerings. It's important to note that last year we had a strong fourth quarter with organic growth in excess of 5% as adjusted for headwinds. All of us continued to face a range of unknowns related to the pandemic and its impact on the global economy. This will weigh on the significant volume of project assignments that are the norm for our holiday season. COVID as we are painfully aware remains a threat to everyday life and regrettably is picking up in many key global markets. Unemployment while a better picture than earlier this year remains historically high. The status of important government support programs is unresolved, especially, in the U.S., but globally as well. All of this makes client decision-making for the holiday season difficult to forecast. It's very likely that any improvement growth we do see across our industry will not be linear by quarter. This is just to acknowledge economic reality. Despite these unknowns, IPG remains well-positioned to continue its outperformance of the industry. We're hearing from clients that they are at a decisive juncture for brands. There will be enduring consumer changes as a result of the pandemic including the mass shift to e-commerce, the emergence of digital consumer experience and a deeper accountability for brand authenticity and purpose. We are distinctively well resourced with outstanding talent and tools to help marketers rethink and reimagine their brands. Further with technology playing an ever-increasing part in day-to-day life, we're seeing increased demand for data management and marketing technology expertise at the level of the enterprise. With Acxiom and Kinesso now integrated with our service offerings we are in a strong position. Accordingly we are confident that we can resume our growth in an improving economy and continue forward as an engine of value creation for all our stakeholders. I'll have additional closing thoughts before our Q&A along with Philippe, but at this point I'd like to turn it over to Ellen for additional color on our results.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you, Michael. I hope that everyone is safe and healthy. As you've seen in our results we have increasing profitability with our teams doing a terrific job in managing expenses. Notwithstanding the current challenges we have continued to invest in our people and our differentiated offerings. Our balance sheet and liquidity continue to be further areas of strength. And following the end of the quarter on October 1 we paid off our $500 million maturing senior note with cash on hand. We are well positioned to turn the quarter on the recession as an even stronger company. More detail on our results in the quarter begin on Slide two in the presentation. Our organic revenue change was negative 3.7%. While that says the pandemic is still with us it is notably improved from the second quarter and reflect sequential improvement in our major agencies most world regions and in several client sectors. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $269.9 million and was $317.2 million before the restructuring charge compared with $302 million a year ago. Our adjusted EBITDA margin on net revenue was 16.2% which is before restructuring. For the quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.71 as reported. While our adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.53, the adjustments exclude the after-tax impact of the amortization of acquired intangibles, the charge for restructuring and nonoperating losses on sales of certain small non-strategic businesses, as well as a discrete net tax benefit in the quarter. Our liquidity continues to be strong at $3.6 billion of cash and committed credit facilities at quarter end. Again we used $500 million on October one to repay our maturing notes. Turning to Slide 3. You'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Turning to Q3 revenue on Slide 4. Our net revenue was $1.95 billion. Compared to Q3 2019 the impact of the change in exchange rates was negative 30 basis points. Net divestitures was negative 1.2% which is the impact of the disposition of certain small non-strategic businesses over the past 12 months. These reviews are ongoing and we expect to take additional small dispositions as we move forward. Our organic net revenue change was a decrease of 3.7%. As you can see on the right that brings our organic change for the nine months to negative 4.5%. At the bottom of this slide we break out our segments. The organic change in our IAN segment was a decrease of 1.4%. As a reminder, IAN includes our global and domestic creatively led integrated agencies; our media data and technology offerings; and our digital specialists. At our CMG segment of marketing service specialists, the organic change was negative 16.5% which reflects the disproportionate mix of events and sports marketing within CMG. Moving on to Slide 5 organic revenue change by region, in the U.S. our third quarter organic decrease was 2.4%. Relative to our international markets, the U.S. continue to perform better in the pandemic, which reflects differences in the mix of client sectors and offerings. In our international markets, which were 35% of net revenue in the quarter, the organic change was negative 6%. All regions improved from the second quarter with the exception of Asia Pac. Organic growth in Continental Europe was positive at 2.3% with Spain, France and Germany showing notable increases. We increased 60 basis points in all other groups, which is comprised of Canada, the Middle East and Africa. Lat Am decreased by 30 basis points. The U.K. was negative 10.3%. Asia Pac was negative 15.2%. Conditions in the region continue to be challenging as we experienced decreases in each of our largest national markets. Moving on to slide 6, operating expenses in the quarter, which continues to be a priority for us. Our net operating expenses decreased 6.9% from a year ago. When excluding the restructuring charge, our adjusted margin expanded by 150 basis points. As you can see on this slide, our ratio of total salaries and related expense as a percentage of net revenue delevered by 30 basis points from a year ago. This is due to an increase in our accrual for incentives, due to improved performance and compared to a low accrual in Q3 2019. We had strong operating leverage at our expense for base payroll benefits and tax at 150 basis points, which reflects decreased headcount and temporary salary reductions across a broad range of our agencies and employees in response to the pandemic. Our expense for incentive compensation was 4.4% of net revenue compared to 2% in last year's third quarter. For the 9 months, our expense for incentives is roughly equivalent to last year. Severance expense increased by 20 basis points to 0.8% of net revenue from a year ago and temporary labor was 3.5% of net revenue compared with 4.2% last year. At quarter end, total worldwide headcount was approximately 50,500, a 7% decrease from a year ago including the impact of dispositions. Our office and other direct expense decreased to 15.8% from 17.8%, which is especially notable change. It reflects that our office and other expense is $60 million less than a year ago. Approximately half of that was due to the sharp decline in our travel and entertainment costs. Occupancy expenses decreased by approximately $11 million, mainly due to the restructuring. Our SG&A expense was 50 basis points in net revenue, which is flat with last year. As you can see on the lower right-hand side of the slide, our charge to restructure headcount and real estate was 2.4% of net revenue in the quarter. The charge was $47.3 million of which $28 million is non-cash. We expect to realize annualized savings of $30 million to $40 million from these actions. That brings the total annualized permanent savings we expect from the restructuring to approximately 140 basis points when measured against 2019 to net revenue. During the quarter, we identified additional opportunities to expand the size of the restructuring program and related savings. We expect to continue our restructuring into our fourth quarter with additional significant actions and structural savings, which will also mark the conclusion of our program. As Michael noted, we expect the majority of our fourth quarter actions will be related to real estate. Turning to slide 7. We present the detail on adjustments to our reported third quarter results in order to give you better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left-hand side with our reported results and steps through to adjusted EBITDA excluding restructuring and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles in the second column was $21.3 million. The restructuring charge was $47.3 million and the related tax benefit was $10.8 million. Below operating expenses in column 4, we had a loss in the quarter of $8.6 million in other expense due to the disposition of a few small non-strategic businesses. Finally, we have an adjusted for -- to net tax benefit in the quarter of $132.6 million due to the settlement of prior year's tax examinations. At the foot of the slide, you can see the after-tax impact to diluted share of each of these adjustments, which bridges our diluted EPS as reported at $0.71 to adjusted earnings of $0.53 per diluted share. On slide 8, we show similar adjustments for the first nine months, which bridge to adjusted earnings of $0.87 per diluted share. On slide 9, we turn to the third quarter cash flow. Cash from operations was $689.3 million, compared with $224.6 million a year ago. We generated $376.8 million from working capital in the quarter, a very strong result compared with the use of $47 million last year. Investing activities used $39.2 million in the quarter for CapEx. Our financing activities used $115.4 million, mainly for our common stock dividend. Our net increase in cash for the quarter was $543.3 million. Slide 10 is the current portion of our balance sheet as of September 30. We ended the quarter with $1.63 billion of cash and equivalents. Under current liabilities, we include the October 1st maturity of our 3.5%, $500 million senior notes that will be repaid with cash on hand. Slide 11 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt and our diversified maturity schedule. Total debt at quarter end was $4 billion, again, as of September 30. In summary on slide 12, our teams continue to execute at a high level in an unprecedented environment. The strength of our balance sheet and liquidity mean that we remain well positioned both financially and commercially. I would once again like to reiterate our pride in our people. And with that, I'll turn it back to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Ellen. With so much uncertainty, and so much change both from marketers and their agency partners, we're proud of our accomplishments during the quarter. We are continuing to report results that demonstrate the quality of our talent, the strength of our long-term strategy, especially our early adoption of data-centric and digital-first tools across the entire organization, and a distinctive culture of cross agency collaboration. In many areas of our business, our company continued to outperform the industry. IPG was named one of America's best employers for women by Forbes. Most recently, we were named to the FTSE4Good Index for the second year in a row in recognition of our company's strong ESG practices. In addition, IPG was named the most effective holding company of the year at the 2020 Effie U.S. Awards marking the fourth year in a row we received the key industry recognition. Turning now to the performance across our portfolio. One sector that continues to hold up for us is health care. As you know, IPG has significant operations in health care marketing, totaling more than a-quarter of the portfolio. This includes our dedicated global health care networks, as well as significant health care client relationships, and activity at our media and public relations operations, and within some of our U.S. independents. Health care marketing is not only an area in which we are strong across much of the portfolio. It's a sector in which there is a high degree of technical expertise and specialization, which makes these higher-value services. It's an industry that we believe, we continue to grow well in the foreseeable future, and it's a part of the business that has been very receptive to our custom, multi-agency Open Architecture solutions. Whether its specific areas of knowledge specific to a condition or disease, teams with the requisite experience complementary geographic strengths or other ways in which our agencies can collaborate for the good of the client health care and pharma marketers want us to bring the best capabilities, from across IPG to bear on their challenges and opportunities. Our ability to do so is another reason we're faring well in this space despite the pandemic. As we've discussed on prior calls at IPG, we developed a vision for building a digital and data-first marketing company early on in our turnaround. That strategic vision has meant that our media, data, and technology segment has been a key driver of performance at IPG for a number of years now, and it is also fundamental to our growth prospects going forward. As someone who has helped us lead that charge, I'd like to ask Philippe to share an update on developments in that sector.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you. As Michael mentioned, a key factor in our success has been our commitment to meeting the needs of an evolving landscape in which technology, marketing and data are increasingly converging. That led us to embed digital expertise across the portfolio, develop a media model that leaned into consultative skills as much as investment scale and a commitment to data management expertise and data ethics that was significantly enhanced with the acquisition of Acxiom. This quarter as Michael mentioned, we continue to see a high degree of engagement with major clients across Mediabrands two largest brands, UM and Initiative. While there has been stabilization in the media marketplace and digital channels have benefited from the improvement in macroeconomic conditions, there's still uncertainty particularly in certain regions of the world. During the quarter, UM continued to lead in regards to brand safety, launching the partnership for responsible addressable media alongside marketers, agencies, publishers and tech firms and trade associations. Initiative's approach to connecting with consumers with a combination of cultural insights and data, have allowed the agency to carve out a distinctive competitive positioning. The agency saw a significant win early in the quarter when it added Salesforce to its roster. And also notable is the rate at which Reprise has developed its e-commerce offerings which are growing across multiple regions and will not only be vital to the success of our media agencies, but will also be key to cross agency holding company solutions. Kinesso marked its first anniversary by launching a developer community and making its APIs available to third parties. We believe this will lead to more innovation in this space. On the part of our partners and our own agencies all in the service of our clients and with IPG's application layer at the core. With this approach, we also make it easier for all of our clients and agencies to access high-quality data in a way that is privacy compliant and customized to their specific needs. At Matterkind, we're seeing strong demand for the kinds of advanced solutions that help clients optimize their media investments across the entire addressable ecosystem. Acxiom continues to meet our expectations in terms of their performance. A key to IPG's future success will be our ability to make our data and technology offerings a foundational element for IPG overall. As such we saw good progress in our work to further align Acxiom, Kinesso and Mediabrands. Finally, while I mentioned that our data, media and tech assets are working in more integrated ways with each other, they're also increasingly engaged with the entire IPG portfolio. Notably, Matterkind and Kinesso played significant roles in new business pitches over the quarter, partnering with our creative, CRM, PR and other marketing services agencies as well as with our media networks. So for example, Kinesso's data science offerings are currently active on more than 30 pitches and have played key roles in 2020 wins at FCB, Deutsch, MRM and McCann as well as through our Open Architecture offerings. There's still work to be done to fully develop and integrate these capabilities and we expect that our progress will further accelerate once our people are able to more fully collaborate with one another in person. But the teams are engaged and enthusiastic about this transformational work, which we believe can be a significant growth driver going forward. And with that I'll pass things back to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Philippe. Turning now to our global creative agency network. It's not surprising that growth at FCB in the quarter was driven by FCB Health. The network gained new brand assignments over the quarter, extended deep client engagements with global biopharma giants including Novartis, Merck, Pfizer, Lilly, Genentech and Sanofi. In fact, today FCB Health now works with 19 of the world's top 20 pharma companies. On the consumer advertising front, FCB was recently awarded the Grand Effie for its Whopper Detour work for Burger King. And FCB/SIX continues to work with Tarana Burke and the #MeToo movement launching #ActToo, a digital platform to take action against sexual violence. At McCann Worldgroup, we announced the planned leadership succession, elevating Bill Kolb who had been named COO earlier this year to Chairman and CEO. Harris Diamond who has been with IPG for nearly two decades, played a part in this process which dovetails with his decision to retire at year-end. We thank Harris for his service to our company, our people, and our clients and we're confident that Bill will be a strong leader for Worldgroup's future evolution and success. Elsewhere within McCann, the network was named most effective creative network at the global level and its New York office named most effective agency office by the U.S. Effie Awards. These are among the most significant distinctions recorded in our industry and they recognize the effectiveness of our work. The network's digital agency, MRM was named the Fast Company Best Workplace for Innovation and recently hired a new Chief Technology Officer. During the quarter, McCann also appointed a new female CEO for its China operations and named a new North American President at McCann Health. We've once again seen great creative coming out of MullenLowe this quarter for key clients including Unilever, Bayer, and Acura. MullenLowe London continues to receive extremely positive response to its work on behalf of the government's COVID-19 efforts, most recently the Test and Trace step. And MediaHub continued to be a standout in new business. As you may have seen, we recently moved oversight of the CompassPoint Agency over to MediaHub's management team thereby expanding the agency's footprint in the Midwest and adding some client sector expertise to their capabilities. R/GA promoted two very highly talented executives into the roles of Chief Creative Officer and Chief Experience Officer and created a new senior role to integrate diversity, equity, and inclusion across the agency. On the new business front, the agency brought in an exciting new win with the National Women's Soccer League's latest professional team Angel City, which adds to its impressive roster of wins this year. Clients continue to look to them and to our other digital specialist Huge for innovation around the intersection of marketing and technology. At CMG, the management team continued to build out a core collaborative business model to bring together its expertise across such as employee engagement crisis and issues healthcare, PR, and more. Highlights include Golin's continued new business streak, bringing in notable wins from Micron Technology, an Open Architecture win with Weber Shandwick in MRM, assignments from the CDC, Johnson & Johnson, Neutrogena, Clean & Clear, and Aveeno brands, as well as General Mills. Weber Shandwick is honored as Agency of the Year at PRWeek Purpose Awards last week. The agency also welcomed the industry's first Chief Workforce Innovation and Operations Officer to the team. Another notable honor was earned by our sports marketing firm Octagon, which was recently named Best in Corporate Consulting, Marketing, and Client Services at the 2020 Sports Business Awards. Our U.S. integrated independent agencies round out the portfolio. They delivered the full suite of marketing services to their clients and are regularly combining with the rest of IPG offerings on our collaborative Open Architecture solutions. Thanks to the work and dedication of our people, IPG continues to perform better than our sector overall. Our new business pipeline continues to be active and is in fact modestly stronger than it was earlier this year. But visibly it's still challenged as we head into our most important quarter which includes the crucial holiday shopping season. The biggest risk to recovery continues to be public health challenges. And as the headlines around the world recently have shown us, the risk of lockdowns in key markets is likely to continue for a foreseeable future. As mentioned, we have taken significant cost saving measures across our entire organization. You've seen their impact beginning this quarter, alongside sharp reductions in discretionary expenses and we plan to take further actions chiefly on real estate in the fourth quarter. In our current state, we feel well-positioned with our client relationships and that we remain in a very strong position to capitalize on opportunities when recovery takes hold fully. We're confident as well that the investments in talent and capabilities that we continue to make positions IPG well for the future. This is an unprecedented time, but we have a sound financial foundation in place underpinned by the strength of our balance sheet. With all the challenges we've seen over these past six months, we have great opportunities ahead to help clients deepen their relationships with our customers doing so efficiently, creatively and at scale. Our highly relevant offerings and track record of collaborative Open Architecture client solutions coupled with our data and tech offerings continue to be differentiators for IPG. As such, we also will remain well positioned for continued long-term value creation for all our shareholders. We will, of course, keep you posted on key developments, share our perspective on our visibility into the evolving landscape. And as always we look forward to answering your questions. But before I turn to questions, I'd have to recognize major transition occurring at IPG, and that is the announcement we made with respect to Philippe taking over the role of CEO as of January 1. I don't want him to blush, so I'll leave all the accolades about Philippe in our press release that we stated. But clearly working these many years with Philippe, I am highly confident and the Board is highly confident in Philippe's capabilities in taking over the role of CEO. I'm really excited about the transition, and I really look forward to working with Philippe and management as we continue to manage through the COVID-19 and shaping the IPG for the future. With that, I'll turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much, and congratulations Michael on the very impressive tenure at IPG. You will be missed, and congratulations, Philippe. My first question is really, Michael, you're probably anticipating since I asked things similarly things about the quarter every time. A little bit more detail -- I mean thank you for all the disclosure you gave about the Q3 where auto and transport is still a challenge but better. And health care, obviously, strong. I'm curious if you -- when you look at your other major verticals in the quarter, are you seeing positive growth in a lot of the other verticals now? I think your organic number would suggest you are seeing positive growth in some other areas besides health care. I'm curious if there's any more color you can give on other verticals.
Michael Roth: Yes. Thank you, Alexia. Look, clearly this is a good quarter for us and the tone of the business was clearly better than the last quarter and you see that across all the regions. In fact, most of all the regions were better than last quarter except for Asia Pac. But with respect to sectors, we see a growth in retail in particular. Although auto and transport is still down, we've seen improvements in auto and transportation and government and industrials. Other sectors, obviously, health care continues to be very strong financial services. And we saw consumer goods a little bit of growth between quarter two and three which is positive. The two sectors that we did see slow down in the third quarter were food and beverage and tech and telecom, but we're confident that we have offerings in all of these sectors. And so much of this is both regional and client specific. So, when you look at Continental Europe, where we had positive growth, we saw strength in our media offerings as well as McCann, and it was very client-specific in Continental Europe. Asia Pac, we just saw across the board reduction, given with respect to what's happening over there. But overall, the tone is positive. And like I said, we believe that we will strongly continue to beat our competitive set throughout the year. But the fourth quarter is our biggest quarter, and as you know -- and it's not just projects. Typically, the questions that come up are how's you project business. Project businesses like the Jack Mortons, the Octagons Momentums that makes up 4% to 5% of our business. But when we refer to projects right now, clients are very project-oriented and holiday shopping is a very good example. And until we see how our clients are going to respond to the holiday environment, it's difficult for our visibility into the quarter. So, project is a little bit more than just the event business, and I think that's the important point that we have to take into consideration. That said we're working with our clients on opportunities. They continue to believe that they have to invest in their brands certainly in the e-commerce environment that we're in. And we certainly have offerings between our media and our agencies and our consulting capabilities on e-commerce that will help our clients compete in this very competitive e-commerce environment, because in the e-commerce environment it's the brand authenticity and why should you buy brands other than the lower cost providers. And it's our job to combine our technology, our creative capabilities to get those brand messages. And frankly moving towards direct-to-consumer is a part of that as well. So if you look at all of our capabilities and all the things that we're doing with our clients currently, we're confident that we have the tools and the resources to continue on a path to exceed our sector.
Alexia Quadrani: And just a follow-up on Philippe's comments on the data analytics at Acxiom and Kinesso. I'm curious if over time -- and you've done such a great job with those assets. And clearly they've been very accretive and additive to your existing business model. I'm curious if over time there's other ways to monetize your strength in those areas that could maybe be additive to profitability sort of different from the existing kind of cost-plus model?
Michael Roth: For sure. I mean our whole structure is based on value services. And the formation of Kinesso and putting it together with Mediabrands and Matterkind and the Open Architecture with the rest of our offerings, it's all based on value services and that's where the margins come in and where we can really distinguish ourselves in the marketplace and that's part of the strategy. As Philippe said in his comments, I mean that's where we've made significant investments. And Philippe I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Philippe Krakowsky: No I think it's exactly that. I mean essentially it's revenue streams that would take us to places where the technology can be licensed where the IP can be valued in different ways or we find partnerships who can add value to our underlying layer of technology and then also true performance models. I think as Michael was saying in e-comm if you link up what we're building there with our marketing technology capabilities and then media -- addressable media and data, I think you can do some interesting things around performance.
Michael Roth: And we have existing contracts that have those kind of performance metrics already in there.
Alexia Quadrani: All right. Thank you both very much.
Michael Roth: Thank you for your support, Alexia.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Janedis with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
John Janedis: Thank you. Michael that was quite a rough. Congratulations. I think in the early days you used to say you'll know about the fourth quarter in January. So maybe that's still the case. I was wondering as we hopefully move towards some normalcy to what extent are you seeing changes in client behavior in terms of the relationship with the agency? As you know oftentimes there's an expectation at least from investors and others of a step function change coming out of downturns and I was wondering if you're seeing anything worth noting?
Michael Roth: Yeah. And by the way good call on putting a buy on us John. Congratulations and thank you. Look we're constantly -- what's interesting about this remote working is we have probably more client consultations than we have had before. We don't have to get on airplanes to have these meetings. So there are a lot of conference calls and relationships with our clients that focus on brand building and brand authenticity and what's necessary for them to compete in this marketplace. So we have those capabilities and we can -- through our Open Architecture model, we have -- sitting at the table when we have these conversations with our clients are our Mediabrands, Kinesso, our PR, our Experiential, our Creative. Obviously none of this works unless we have creative capabilities that are unique to the platforms. And since digital is such -- continues to outperform in terms of both the media spend and performance, we have to have unique technology capabilities that we've been investing in all this as well. So yeah I think the conversations lend itself for our clients to spend to gain market share and that's what they're interested in. And that's why you saw an improvement frankly in consumer goods because our clients are very much in a very competitive environment. And the conversations that we have with them is how we can help them gain market share both regionally, as well as head-to-head with their competitors.
John Janedis: Got it. And then maybe separately for Ellen. Given the margin expansion, it seems like you were able to execute quicker on the restructuring than I would have expected. I just wanted to clarify. I think you said the current run rate of permanent savings is $110 million to $130 million and that the fourth quarter actions will be additive. I just wanted to ask you, will those hit in the fourth quarter? And any way, you can give a range of incremental permanent savings on that fourth quarter action?
Ellen Johnson: Good morning. Thank you for the question. Yes. First of all, you heard it correctly. We estimate $110 million to $130 million from the savings to date which we're saying is about 140 basis points when you measure it against 2019 revenue. As far as the actions in the fourth quarter, we are looking for additional opportunities. As we mentioned, they will be primarily related to real estate. And it will be -- in order to be able to action it right, can we actually -- we're looking around the world first of all just to give you a perspective in all major cities to really take the learnings that we've had from this period of time, right? The office will remain a very important place, but there are definitely some key learnings, and we can have more hybrid models. So with that, we're really encouraging our agencies to really take advantage of that opportunity and looking at exiting some more leases. They're underway, so we're going to try to accomplish as much as we can in the quarter which will end the program.
Michael Roth: What's been impressive is how the agencies are rethinking their footprint and what's necessary. And working with Ellen's group, really find -- and our real estate group, really looking at opportunities to be more efficient on the real estate front. Obviously, London and Europe and the United States are key areas for our opportunities given our present -- our large presence there. But across the globe, we have to look at how our offices are going to operate in the future, and clearly this working from home prior to this environment maybe 5% of our people were working from home. I don't think there's any question that in the future we're going to see a more flexible structure in terms of people working from home and coming into the offices. So the workplace environment is going to be different. And what we're trying to do is, really position ourselves, take whatever structural changes need to be made now, so that when 2020 -- 2021 comes along, we're really well positioned. And this happened in 2008 and '09. We took a lot of actions. And when the recovery came, we obviously outperformed and we were off and running. So, our goal is to be in the same position and there's a lot of money in terms of looking at the real estate footprint. Last quarter, we took 500,000 square feet out. Obviously, there's more to be had. And as we said, the bulk of the restructuring charge in the fourth quarter is going to be real estate and non-cash.
John Janedis: Thank you, very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Salmon with BMO. Your line is open.
Dan Salmon: All right. Great. Good morning everyone. Michael, two agencies that have flourished during your time as CEO are R/GA and your hometown shops Huge. And with the shift to e-commerce moving faster than ever, those two firms' expertise and helping clients in that area seems more important than ever. They've also seen a little bit of management transition lately. Could you elaborate on that short-term issue, but also the long-term opportunity in e-commerce services? And then I've got a quick one for Philippe after that.
Michael Roth: Yes. I think, I've already said that the long-term prospects of e-commerce are critical. And it takes a combination of digital, media, creative, technology, all working together because e-commerce is a very unique offering. And we're very well positioned between the privacy expertise of Acxiom, Kinesso, Matterkind and our creative agencies, plus our digital agencies like Huge and R/GA. They're all part of the Open Architecture structure that we have. And we did have some management changes at Huge as well as R/GA. And -- but I think, what's clear now, certainly at R/GA, I think R/GA will continue to be a shining light in terms of the capabilities. They're on a new business win a run at R/GA and I think that Sean has really got his management team in place. He's added some new people and their presence in our Open Architecture and dealing with our existing clients is very strong. So, I'm confident that R/GA notwithstanding some of the management changes its part of -- whenever there's a new CEO, there's a repositioning of certain people and go-to-market strategies and they have spent a lot of time looking at that, and the same with Huge. So, I believe, Huge and R/GA will continue to be very important assets within the IPG portfolio. And as you know, particularly on the e-commerce and digital and business transformation, those are the areas that these organizations can really bring expertise to.
Dan Salmon: Great. And thanks, Michael, you're still going to be chairing the Board, so you're always welcome to come back and join us every once in a while. So...
Michael Roth: Well, yes. I mean, Executive Chairman is a little different, yes. As I said, I'm really excited about working with Philippe and the management team going forward. And look, we've been through this together. I've said this from day one. This is an amazing team that we have at IPG. I can't tell you how proud I am of all the people and the things that we've been able to accomplish. And obviously, Philippe will put together his team and moving forward as CEO. But as Executive Chairman, I really am excited about working with the whole team and continuing to manage through this environment and do what I can to help shape the future of IPG. I mean, that's the difference between Executive Chairman and Chairman, and I'm pretty much excited about it. But Philippe and his team, they're ready to go. I know that and we're excited about the opportunity.
Dan Salmon: So Philippe, then I guess easy question for you. How do you take the baton on that and convince everyone that IPG is a tech company? Really you led Acxiom and the acquisition there. You're leading the development of Kinesso. I think you feel strongly that it is indeed more of a technology company. So Philippe just as you take the baton here, can you just comment broadly on the idea of IPG as a tech company or at the very least a tech services company relative to a marketing services company?
Philippe Krakowsky: You know, Dan I think we've talked about this. I think that's probably an overstatement to say it's a tech company. But I think as you say to evolve the model such that what we have, Michael said, we've got exceptional strength in marketing services, so whether it's ideation and what our creative agencies do, clearly what happens in the health care space. So I think the challenge is actually to have it be technology that enables the services, so that the services are more valuable and so that we can ultimately be more valuable for the clients. And also as we were saying in one of the earlier calls, so that by embedding this layer of technology and data into the business, into the services, we don't risk leaking value out to the platforms or to the software companies. So I don't think it's simple as saying "Oh we flipped the switch. We go from one to the other." What we clearly do is we build and we become stickier and we become more precise and there's more accountability to what we do and that's where I see us evolving the business model.
Michael Roth: The Open Architecture model lends itself to that. That's the whole point of Open Architecture. And we started Open Architecture some 14 years ago, okay? And it really is resonating well in the marketplace. If you look at our new business wins, most of them have Open Architecture structures within them. In the health care side of the business, they talk to us about Open Architecture, and it really resonates in the marketplace. And the ability to bring in the resources that we can coupled with the creative capability and the PR capability is a compelling offering. And when you have best-in-class assets and best-in-class people sitting around a table taking on business challenges in an Open Architecture environment, you're part of the team of the client and that lends for better relationships, a better performance and hopefully, performance-based compensation which is a win-win for all of us.
Dan Salmon: Great. Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Tim Nollen: Great. Thanks a lot. Let me just add my congratulations both to you Michael for doing what few people thought possible which was turn this company around, when you came on in 2005 and also to Philippe for the new role. My question is perhaps more for Philippe following on a couple of the previous ones here. There are some very big changes coming still to let's call it marketing technology. You've got Google, now being investigated by the DOJ. You've got changes of party of Chrome cookies, eliminations of identifiers on Apple devices and so forth. I just want to understand, if given the position that IPG has with Acxiom and the other assets, do you feel you have what you need to manage these changes, or is there more  what can we expect? What can we expect IPG to do? And what more changes could come with these major, major fundamental changes in the online marketplace? Thanks.
Philippe Krakowsky: In the four minutes that remain on this call.
Tim Nollen: Yeah. Exactly.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I think that when we did the Acxiom acquisition, we were clear that, data management -- first-party data management expertise at scale was something that we thought was important. And that we thought we needed in order to get to the future. I don't believe that you can get there without partnerships. And so ultimately, when you look at something like what we just did with Kinesso to open up the APIs and to get your partners developing as well, I think it's going to be a bit of both. I think we have what we need but it doesn't mean that we're not going to be able -- for every client opportunity for everything we're solving for as Michael said, with an Open Architecture solution where we've got all of the touch points. You find that you need to partner up with different kinds of providers depending on the sector, depending on the use case et cetera. So, I think as I said, for the four minutes we've got it's a very, very big question. And if it's something that we as a management team could spend some time with you on in greater detail, we can clearly unpack what's currently going on across the group.
Michael Roth: Yeah. Let me just add the fact that, on the acquisition side, we've historically not done big transactions until we did the Acxiom transaction. Another part of your question is do we see any big transactions on the horizon that we need to fill any gaps within IPG? And the answer to that is no, we're not. We're actually going right after this into our strategy conversation with our Board of Directors this afternoon. And when we look at our capabilities and so on, a couple of years ago we had out there data and analytics a wish list. And that wish list was solved when we bought Acxiom. When we look at our wish list now, we don't see any big transactions that are necessary, for us to compete. Obviously we will continue to be strategic. And we'll do bolt-on acquisitions in markets, or expertise, or people that we need. But there aren't any large acquisitions that we're looking at, that we think we need to continue to lead our sector, in terms of growth and margin expansion.
Tim Nollen: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson: Thank you. Since this is the last question, I'll be brief. And Michael congratulations, it's been an amazing run and Philippe congratulations too. You made some big bets and they've worked out. I guess I'll give you a lay-up at the end Michael. Given what you just said about -- you're going into your planning meeting. Given where interest rates are the, stability of your business, your dividend costs, why not take advantage of where the stock price is? And be more aggressive on buyback and pretty much, I guess -- I know you made some promise at your ratings agencies. I'm trying to understand, why wouldn't you -- you congratulated John for his upgrade, why wouldn't you take advantage of kind of what you know about your business and what you know about financial markets to become more aggressive on the equity here?
Michael Roth: One of the -- I truly appreciate the question. One of the things that we've always been is transparent. And we borrowed a fair amount of money, to do the Acxiom transaction. We want to make sure our balance sheet is in the right position. And maintain our investment-grade status. There's no question that when we get to that right point, we'll get back to buybacks. But right now we're focusing on dividends. And obviously our balance sheet is strong enough. And the business prospects to continue. And we will be getting back to buybacks. So I think it's a valid question. The question is when is the right time? And you can always argue what price the stock is at and so on. But you have to look at buybacks on a long-term basis. If you look at the history of what we've done in buybacks, we spend a significant amount of money, in total between dividends and buybacks about $4 billion. And we understand the importance of buybacks in the marketplace. And that conversation will take place every year with our Board of Directors and looking at the allocation of returning our excess capital to our shareholders whether it be, in the form of dividends or buybacks. It's a legitimate question and we will continue to look at it.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thanks, Michael.
Jerry Leshne: Well thank you all. And be safe and look forward to you in the next call. Thank you very much.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome Leshne: Good morning. We hope you are all well. Thank you for joining us. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth, our Chairman and CEO; by Ellen Johnson, our Chief Financial Officer; and by Philippe Krakowsky, our Chief Operating Officer. As usual, we have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. We will begin our call with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A and plan to conclude before market opens at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and our slide presentation, and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning. I would like to start by saying that I hope that you and your families have been safe and healthy during this pandemic, which has had such a severe impact on the entire global community. A main topic of our call, of course, is how the crisis has impacted our people, our clients and our business, and crucially, our focused and disciplined response to the profound challenges we are all facing. I would like to first recognize and thank our people at IPG and our agencies around the world for their outstanding and highly effective work in spite of the countless changes, concerns and pressures brought by COVID into everyday life. These were unforeseeable just a few short months ago. Our people have continued in their dedication to one another, to clients and to their communities, while making necessary changes in successfully adapting our business model. As we navigate the pandemic at IPG, the safety, health and well-being of our employees, clients and other key partners continues to be at the forefront of everything we do. In recent months, we have also felt, with renewed urgency, the pain of racial discrimination here in the United States and around the world. Society is facing the long-term effects of racial injustice, which demands long overdue action. At IPG, we know that we can make more of a difference. We have recommitted to listening, to learning, and most importantly, to action in support of social and economic justice for black Americans and for all people of color. We are a company that lives in the culture, and has a voice in the culture. We understand that we have a responsibility, and that the journey of rising to that obligation makes us a better company in every way. We're taking actions within IPG and in the advertising and marketing messages that we create in order to further the cause of racial equity. Turning to the results we reported this morning. Our second quarter, as expected, bears the imprint of the pandemic and its economic impact in the most challenged global operating environment in memory. But during this period, that was anything but typical, our company marked a number of significant achievements in maintaining distinctive quality of our services and creating even deeper client relationships, while effectively managing expenses, making structural changes and continuing to invest in our future. These accomplishments underscore the strength and resiliency of our offerings, the flexibility of our business model, and again, the exceptional quality of our talent. You'll recall that in April, we had shared that 95% of our people around the world were working from home. Today, that is more varied, reflecting conditions that have changed in some markets more than others. Around 50% of our people in Asia are back in the office, at least some of the time; 30% to 40% in Europe; around only 10% in the U.S. and U.K.; and less than that in Lat Am. We had also shared in April that the revenue environment was uncertain, and that the economic impact of the pandemic on our industry would clearly be significant in the quarter as market has navigated the sharp and sudden global macro contraction. As you've seen this morning, our second quarter net revenue decreased 12.8% as reported, with an organic decrease of 9.9%. With that, there was meaningful variation by client and by sector, and the decrease overall was perhaps not as severe as we might have anticipated, or to the extent seen elsewhere in our industry. All in, spending by our largest clients held up relatively well. It was again clear that the investments we have made to differentiate our company, notably in the way we are structured and go to market with Open Architecture with top industry talent and with the most contemporary offerings led by data capabilities at scale, continue to distinguish our performance in our industry. Top-performing client sectors in the quarter were health care, retail, food and beverage, tech and telecom. On the other hand, sectors hit hardest by the recession were auto and transportation, financial services and industrials. By region, the U.S. was 66% of our revenue mix in the quarter, decreased 8% organically. Our international markets decreased 13.1% organically, in a range of approximately negative 10% to negative 15% by region. While some margin contraction was to be expected, our cost disciplines remained effective. We managed our operating expenses to the reality of the rapidly developing recession in order to protect profitability, to the degree possible, and further to position ourselves for strong recovery when revenue growth returns. This is the commitment we made to you earlier this year and will, of course, continue. In a people business, this has, of necessity, involved very difficult decisions. That includes salary reductions, furloughs and, most regrettably, layoffs. We reduced staff across most of our agencies during the quarter. This also means that our expense for severance was elevated in the quarter. Our net operating expenses decreased by approximately 9% from a year ago, before a charge for restructuring. Each of our principal cost categories decreased, including expenses for base payroll, temporary labor, performance-based employee incentives and our office and other expenses. With the actions we've taken in the quarter, operating expenses are positioned to decrease further in the year's second half. As you've seen in our results this morning, we also took actions in the quarter to lower operating expenses structurally and permanently relative to revenue and to further accelerate the transformation of our business. These actions are based on our recent experience and learnings in the pandemic and a strategic review of our operating expenses, which is ongoing. They address our real estate and personal expenses -- personnel expenses and, notably, accommodate a greater role for work from home in a hybrid office home model in a post-COVID world. Our actions resulted in a restructuring charge of $112.6 million in the quarter, and we expect a significant financial return in the ongoing reduction of our occupancy and payroll expense. Of the total charge, $68 million is noncash. These actions are planned to result in total annualized savings of approximately $80 million to $90 million, which have been approximately 100 basis points of fiscal year 2019 net revenue. We will begin to see these savings in this year's third quarter. With our review continuing, we anticipate that we will take additional strategic actions in the second half of the year, geared towards further structural cost reductions. These additional actions are expected to result in a second half restructuring expense in the range of $90 million to $110 million. In the second quarter, our adjusted EBITA margin was 3.4%, and was 9.4% before the restructuring charge. Our diluted earnings per share was a loss of $0.12 as reported, and was $0.23 as adjusted for the restructuring and other items. I would underscore that in a quarter that was clearly very challenging, we continued our investment in talent, tools and differentiated capabilities that have made us the growth leader in our industry over a period -- many years. In the current environment, that means, first, investing in health and welfare resources and programs with the objective of keeping our employees safe and healthy in every respect. It also means that as we begin to formulate our return-to-office procedures around the world, we do so with safety as our primary and predominant objective. On the product side, we launched Matterkind in early May, which is an offering of our Kinesso technology unit, and is the next evolution in media and addressable marketing. Earlier this month, we launched Acxiom's ConneCXions suite of digital transformation solutions. I'll return to key agency developments in my closing remarks, and I'll ask Philippe to share an update on developments in media, data and technology. As we look to the balance of the year, we're confident in the strength of our model and the competitiveness of our offerings, even as marketers continue to face a range of material unknowns related to the pandemic. These uncertainties include the spread of the virus, its impact on the sentiment and behavior of consumers, on income levels, business supply chains and the actions of government authorities, including economic stimulus and social support. The environment remains unclear for as long as COVID is a threat to everyday life. As a result, visibility to revenue remains challenging, and client decision-making difficult to forecast. Even the usual points of reference in marketing and media, such as back-to-school, the global sports calendar, media inventory and the holiday season, have not come into focus. On a positive note, we remain new business positive year-to-date and trailing 12 months, and our pipeline of business opportunities is quite solid, which is indicative of pent-up demand. But given the prevailing uncertainty, it is difficult to gauge the pace of client decisions and the related conversion to revenue. As always, we will manage the business appropriately and look to align expenses closely to changes in revenue, and we'll keep you apprised as the year progresses. Our return to positive growth is obviously tied to macroeconomic timing. Marketers understand that this can be a decisive time for brands. There will be enduring changes, as consumers accelerate their use of e-commerce and amid profound social change, hold brands accountable for authenticity and purpose. We are resourced with best-of-breed talent and tools to help rethink and reimagine the brands that are the lifeblood of companies. Further, with technology playing an ever-increasing part of day-to-day life, we're seeing heightened demand for data management and marketing technology expertise at the level of the enterprise, with Acxiom and Kinesso now integrated with our service offerings. We're confident that our offerings are meeting this moment. With return of supportive macroeconomic environment, we're well positioned to resume our growth as the nexus of consumer relevance and performance accountability for brands, and as an engine of value creation for all our stakeholders. I'll have additional closing thoughts before our Q&A, along with Philippe. But at the end of this point, I turn it over to Ellen for additional color on our results.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you, Michael. I hope that everyone is safe and healthy. As you've seen in our results, we are protecting profitability to the extent possible. In the face of this sudden revenue downturn, we are seizing opportunities to improve the economics of our business for the long term. Our balance sheet and liquidity continue to be further areas of strength. As Michael emphasized, we have continued to invest in our offerings. In short, and thanks to our outstanding people, we are well positioned to navigate the uncertainty of an unprecedented business environment and emerge as an even stronger company. Turning then to more detail on our results in the quarter and the slides that accompany my remarks. On Slide 2, you'll see a summary of our results. At a high level, our revenue change reflects the impact of the pandemic and an unprecedented contraction in global economic activity. We lowered our salaries and related expenses, and our office and other expenses, with disciplined cost management as well as the inherent flexibility of our model. We took extensive restructuring actions that will raise our margin ceiling going forward. In the second quarter, our net revenue organic change was a decrease of 9.9%, while our reported revenue decrease was 12.8%. Q2 adjusted EBITA was $62.3 million and was $174.9 million before the restructuring charge compared with adjusted EBITA of $285.5 million a year ago. Adjusted EBITA margin on net revenue was 3.4% and was 9.4% before restructuring. For the quarter, our diluted earnings per share was a loss of $0.12 as reported, while our adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.23. The adjustments exclude the after-tax impacts of the amortization of acquired intangibles, the charge for restructuring, nonoperating losses on the sales of certain small nonstrategic businesses and a discrete tax item in the quarter. Our liquidity continues to be strong at $3.1 billion of cash in committed credit facilities at quarter end. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Turning to Q2 revenue on Slide 4. Net revenue was $1.85 billion. Compared to Q2 2019, the impact of the change in exchange rates was negative 2.1%, with the U.S. dollar stronger against each of our regional world markets. Net divestitures were negative 0.8%, which represents the disposition of certain small nonstrategic businesses over the past 12 months. We continue to review our portfolio, which resulted in selected dispositions in the second quarter. These reviews are ongoing, and we expect to have additional dispositions of small nonstrategic agencies in the second half of the year. Our organic net revenue change was a decrease of 9.9%. As you can see, that brings our organic change for the 6 months to negative 5%. At the bottom of the slide, we break out our operating segments. The organic change in our IAN segment was a decrease of 8.8%. IAN includes our global and domestic creatively led integrated agencies, our media, data and technology offerings and our digital specialists. At our CMG segment of marketing services, the organic change was negative 15.6%, which reflects the disproportionate weight of events and sports, marketing and segment revenue. Moving to Slide 5, organic revenue change by region. In the U.S., our second quarter organic decrease was 8%. Relative to our international markets, the U.S. performed better, which reflects the differences in the mix of client sectors and offerings, which, together, were more resilient. To note, the U.S. impact of revenue headwinds that we have previously discussed was 1%, and we have now fully cycled those losses as of midyear. In our international markets, which were 34% of net revenue in the quarter, the organic change was negative 13.1%, with decreases across all disciplines. As you can see on this chart, Lat Am decreased 10.4%; Continental Europe, 11.1%; and we decreased 14% to 14.7% across Asia Pac, the U.K. and other markets. Moving on to Slide 6 and operating expenses in the quarter. As Michael said earlier, managing expenses closely to changes in revenue and positioning our company optimally for a return to growth has been an area of intense focus for us in light of the operating environment. Our net operating expenses decreased 2.6% from a year ago and were down 8.6%, excluding restructuring. That compares with our reported revenue decrease of 12.8%. It is worth noting that all of our ratios reflect the sudden revenue decrease in the quarter. As you can see on this slide, we delevered in our ratio of salary and related expenses to net revenue, 70.5% compared to 65%. This includes higher expense for severance actions in the quarter. Severance was $55 million in the quarter compared to only $10 million a year ago. This is normal course severance that is related to our downturn in revenue and which is separate and distinct from the actions in our restructuring charge for permanent cost reduction. Salary reductions, furloughs, severance and other actions, which were taken over the course of the quarter, resulted in a 6% decrease to base payroll, benefits and tax compared to a year ago. Several cost categories decreased at a faster rate than revenue. Our expense for performance-based incentives, temporary labor and other salary and related are all down more than revenue. At quarter end, total worldwide headcount was approximately 52,000, a decrease of about 4% from a year ago. This decrease includes the impact of dispositions. Our office and other direct expense decreased by 18.2% to 17.1% of second quarter net revenue compared with 18.2% a year ago. The improvement was driven by very significant falloffs across a range of expenses for travel and meals, new business development, office supplies, as well as tight controls on discretionary expenditures. Our SG&A expense was 20 basis points of net revenue compared with 80 basis points a year ago. As you can see on the lower right-hand side of this slide, our charge for restructuring was 6.1% of net revenue in the quarter. Turning to on Slide 7, we show additional detail on the restructuring. We initiated an extensive review of our operations in the quarter, taking into account the experiences of our people from around the world, working from home in light of the pandemic, and our success, operating fewer production and support facilities. We concluded that we could move forward with the reduction of structural costs that will not reoccur as revenue growth comes back into the system. The resulting second quarter actions are reflected in the charge of $112.6 million, $68 million of which is noncash. We expect annual savings of $80 million to $90 million as a result of these actions. That would be approximately 100 basis points of our full year 2019 net revenue. We expect to see most fee savings beginning in this year's third quarter. Our review is continuing, and we have identified additional opportunities for structural cost reduction, which we will act on in the second half of the year. We currently expect those will add an incremental $90 million to $110 million to restructuring expense and also result in meaningful savings. Turning to Slide 8, we present detail on adjustments to our reported second quarter results in order to give you better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left-hand side with our reported results and steps through to adjusted EBITA and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our expense for the amortization of acquired intangibles in the second column was $21.8 million. The restructuring charge was $112.6 million, and the associated tax benefit was $25.4 million. Below operating expenses in column 4, we had a loss in the quarter of $19.9 million in other expense due to the disposition of a few small nonstrategic businesses. Finally, we had 1 discrete tax item in the quarter, an expense of $10 million due to an international tax position. And as usual, we're calling that out as well. At the foot of the slide, you can see the after-tax impact per diluted share of each of these adjustments. Their total is $0.35 per diluted share, which is different between the reported diluted loss per share of $0.12 and adjusted earnings of $0.23 per diluted share. On Slide 9, we show similar adjustments to the first 6 months, which bridge to adjusted earnings of $0.34 per diluted share. On Slide 10, we turn to Q2 cash flow. Cash used in operations was $87 million compared with cash generated from operations of $293 million a year ago. We used $265 million in working capital in the quarter compared with cash generation of $53 million last year due to the drop in revenue and billings in the quarter. Investing activities used $33 million in the quarter. Our capital expenditures were $27 million compared with $47 million a year ago. Financing activities used $367 million, mainly due to decreased short-term borrowings and for our dividend. Our net decrease in cash for the quarter was $469 million. Slide 11 is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.09 billion of cash and equivalents. Under current liabilities, we include the maturity in October of our 3.5%, $500 million senior notes. Slide 12 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt. Total debt at quarter end was $4 billion, with diversified term maturities. We intend to pay off our October maturity with cash on hand. It is worth noting, again, that our liquidity resources include $2 billion of committed credit facilities. In light of the restructuring charges, our supportive bank groups have agreed to amend our EBITA leverage ratio to 4.25x for the remaining term of the 364-day facility and through the next 12 months for our 2024 facility. This should provide ample cushions, further supporting covenant compliance. In summary, on Slide 13, our teams continue to execute at a high level in an unprecedented environment. The strength of our balance sheet and liquidity mean that we remain well positioned financially and commercially. With that, I'll turn it back to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Ellen. There's no question that all of us in the industry, both clients and agencies, have faced unprecedented challenges in light of -- which we're proud of our achievements during the quarter. We've seen our companies and our people pivot quickly to adjust to these uncertain times. We are once again reporting results that demonstrates the caliber of our talent, the strength of our long-term strategies and the distinctive culture of cross-agency collaboration. In the long run, this is a combination that we believe positions IPG to succeed. When it comes to meeting another vital issue that is confronting our society, IPG became the first holding company to publicly release the race and gender composition across its management ranks. We have long been a leader in diversity, equity and inclusion. But recent events dramatically underscore how far we have to go as a nation and the degree to which IPG and our industry, as a whole, had to significantly increase our efforts to promote diversity and improve opportunity for black Americans and people of color. In other areas of our business, IPG continued to excel. In April, Ad Age announced its A-List, and IPG led the industry in terms of the number of agencies recognized on that important annual ranking. Our companies in the PR, creative, media and digital space were all recognized. The One Show also recognized IPG as Creative Holding Company of the Year, demonstrating the creative strength of our brands across all disciplines and channels. Turning now to the performance across our portfolio, which I covered at a high level in my opening remarks. The sector that was held up best to date despite the pandemic is health care. We have significant operations in health care marketing, totaling more than 1/4 of our portfolio. FCB Health is our largest player in the space and posted a strong Q2, followed by solid results from McCann Health and the health care vertical within Weber Shandwick. Mediabrands saw a number of significant wins and retentions of large health care clients. And the sector is also performing well at some of our U.S. independents, as well as MullenLowe globally. Our media, data and technology segment has been a key driver of performance for IPG for a number of years now, and it is also fundamental to our growth prospects going forward. I'd like to now ask Philippe to share an update on developments in that sector.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Michael. As you all know, one of the key drivers of our success in recent years has been our commitment to meeting the needs of an evolving landscape, in which technology, media, marketing and data are increasingly converging. That's a trend that we identified early on, which significantly informed our strategy. As of some time ago, we therefore decided not to silo digital expertise but to integrate it across all of the agencies within our portfolio, to develop a highly consultative approach to our media operations that ultimately values intelligence over pure scale, and to build out our own tech platform to guide investment decisions for digital and addressable media in a wholly agnostic manner. These have been key differentiators for us, as Michael mentioned, which contributed to the sector outperformance IPG has posted for a number of years now. After that, we've pivoted more deeply into data and began to prioritize investment in our proprietary stack. For a number of years, our AMP stack and agency analytics capabilities were central to the evolution and success of our media operations. That's an area which has been significantly enhanced with the addition of Acxiom's full capability set. During the quarter, UM continued to prove out the value of this strategy, as it once again topped the Forester Media Agency Wave Report, where it was cited for its ability to use data platforms to improve media execution and targeted creative messaging. The agency recently won global media duties for Energizer, and was named domestic AOR for E. & J. Gallo. Initiatives approach to connecting with consumers, with a combination of cultural insights and data, have allowed the agency to carve out a distinctive competitive positioning. The agency won the Salesforce account as well as onboarding a major new pharma client during the quarter. Mediabrands also took a leadership position recently in the public debate around responsible use of digital media platforms. Our social media content moderation and advertiser responsibility principle set out a standard to which the entire industry should hold platforms in order to ensure brand safety and minimize concerns that media budgets will fund content that is harmful to the greater good. This effort has been well received by clients, and is consistent with our long-standing commitment to transparency, as well as the very high standards we're now able to bring to privacy issues as a result of Acxiom expertise. There are a number of additional milestones worth reviewing when it comes to our media, data and tech offerings in the quarter. First, we continue to be pleased with Acxiom's performance on a stand-alone basis. Managing clients' first-party data and their marketing infrastructure is essential in this very challenging economic environment. It will become even more vital going forward as marketers deal with a world in which there is ever more complexity, and consumers become more demanding of personalized experiences that deliver real value, while also respecting their privacy rights. In terms of the integration of data capabilities with our media offerings, that's another area where we feel a lot has been accomplished. By combining the known world of first-party data, in which Acxiom excel, as well as their powerful info-based data asset with what we do in channel planning, media modeling and ad tech, we are now able to precisely identify audiences that can be activated to drive better business outcomes for our clients, whether it's by enhancing the efficiency or the effectiveness of their marketing investments. This is helping us to redefine value through the media ecosystem. The newest phase of our efforts has to do with net new products and solutions powered by Kinesso technology, such as those Michael mentioned in his opening remarks. Matterkind is an optimization engine, fueled by strategic data assets from Acxiom that incorporates all addressable media channels. It optimizes holistically and in real-time and opens additional doors for us with clients to true pay-for-performance models as well as the licensing of our applications and IP. The ConneCXions suite of solutions will allow us to make digital transformation expertise for Mediabrands and Kinesso available to Acxiom clients. Finally, it bears mention that the advanced capabilities we are building within our media, data and technology assets aren't only working in more integrated ways with each other, but that we've gone to make good progress across the IPG portfolio. Matterkind is working closely with a number of our U.S. independent agencies on a dozen current new business opportunities in the media space. Kinesso and Acxiom are playing a part in all of our Open Architecture pitches. A novel behavioral science methodology for combining granular consumer data to drive creative insights recently helped one of our global advertising networks win a significant new account. And data-driven audience segmentation work powered a new process for consumer journey planning that helped one of our digital agencies secure a multiyear CRM project from a major advertiser across the U.S. and Canada. There's still plenty to be done to fully develop and integrate these capabilities, but the teams are very engaged and enthusiastic about this transformational work, which we believe can be a significant growth driver going forward. And with that, I'll pass things back to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Philippe. Turning now to our global creative agency networks. Growth at FCB in the quarter was driven by FCB Health, which works with most of the top 20 pharma companies, and has, to date, assisted our clients in launching 11 new drugs with its talented employee population working from home. The advertising agency also expanded its relationship with several large clients, notably GSK and Kimberly-Clark. And it was exciting to see FCB named as the top network in creativity in the most recent ranking from The One Club. McCann Worldgroup received a number of accolades this quarter, notably Network of the Year at the Webby Awards and Campaign Magazine's inaugural Global Agency of the Year awards. For the third year in a row, the network was named the most creatively effective agency network by the Effies. On the new business front, SAS named the network as global brand agency partner. McCann Health expanded relationships with AstraZeneca and Novartis. And MRM was selected to drive digital customer experience of J&J Visioncare. We've seen great creative coming out of MullenLowe this quarter. The #AlwaysProud work for AXE celebrates the LGBTQ communities. And a PSA for the advocacy group, March for Moms, calls attention to the demands on mothers during the pandemic. Mediahub continue to be a standout, whether pitched independently or as a key partner to MullenLowe, building on joint recent wins, such as Navy Federal Credit Union and Constellation Brands. Brooklyn-based Huge continues to specialize in consumer experience, especially in response to the COVID-19 crisis, and the agency launched its new Post-isolation Personas toolkit for businesses. R/GA produced innovative and relevant work that sparked important conversations. The agency's latest Love Has No Labels campaign for the Ad Council movingly questions what freedom really means for black Americans. R/GA also continued its popular Merch Aid Initiative, connecting artists with small businesses that have unexpectedly shuttered due to COVID-19. At CMG, the management team for this segment continue to build out a more collaborative business model to bring together its expertise across such areas as hybrid events, employee engagement, crisis and issues, health care, PR and more. Weber Shandwick was honored as North American Agency of the Decade at the 2020 North American SABRE Awards, and named APAC Consultancy of the Year at the PR Week Asia Awards. The agency also won recognition in major European and Latin America industry competitions. At Golin, the agency's new global CEO is working to build on the agency's recent success. While at Jack Morton and Octagon, whose businesses have been seriously impacted by global lockdowns, the teams are developing new digital offerings, such as a recent campaign for Jameson, in which the whiskey brand partners with hip-hop artists to create a virtual mentorship program for emerging musicians. And work for Cisco, called The Match: Champions for Charity, a virtual event featuring Tiger Woods, Phil Mickelson, Tom Brady and Peyton Manning. Our U.S. integrated independent agencies round out our portfolio. They deliver the full suite of marketing services to their clients and are regularly combining with the rest of the IPG offering on our collaborative Open Architecture solutions. Overall, while IPG is performing better than our sector, COVID-19 continues to have a profound impact on the global economy, and there remains a great deal of uncertainty. While our new business pipeline is stronger than it was earlier this year, which would indicate pent-up demand, visibility is still significantly challenged for our clients and for us. Unsurprisingly, the biggest risk to recovery has to do with public health challenges that are beyond our control. As such, while we had initially seen some signs that the second quarter would prove to be the bottom of the economic decline, there are still too many variables in play to make that determination. As mentioned, we've taken significant cost-saving measures across our entire organization. We're prepared to take further actions as warranted by economic conditions, but we also need to protect client relationships and be in a position to capitalize on opportunity when a recovery begins to take hold. We are confident that the restructuring actions we have taken position IPG well for the future. This is an unprecedented time, but we have a sound financial foundation in place, underpinned by the strength of our balance sheet. Given the actions we have taken to date and the potential for economic recovery late this year or into 2021, we do not think action on the dividend is currently required. Of course, we will continue to assess this decision in light of limited macro visibility and keep you apprised on this important topic. We are focused on helping clients. We will be disciplined in managing the business and taking actions to adjusting to the revenue reality. Our people are doing their part, using the full range of our company's expertise to drive business results for our clients and, where possible, do good in the face of the crisis. Our highly relevant offerings and track record of collaborative, Open Architecture client solutions positions us to leverage opportunity once the macroeconomic situation stabilizes and the recovery strengthens. As such, we also remain well positioned for continued long-term value creation. We will, of course, keep you posted on key developments, share our perspective on our visibility into the evolving landscapes. And as always, we look forward to answering your questions. At this point, I will open up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question is from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: I hope everybody is doing well. I have just a couple of questions. First one, Michael, which you probably anticipated, is about quarterly -- the monthly progress. I was just curious if you saw any improvement as the quarter went through, meaning did you do any better in the beginning of the quarter? And I wanted to circle back on your commentary just now about Q3. I totally understand that there's limited visibility, and it's hard to call a trend in this environment. But are there any particular signs that might make you more cautious about Q3? Or is it trending better, and you're just sort of saying we can't commit anything because things are unclear?
Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia, and I always appreciate your questions. First of all, I'm not giving you the next month's results because you guys -- you usually ask. What's interesting about this environment is, what we say on 1 day, clients are very reactive to what's happening in the world today, okay? So for example, you'll see results that were published today on financial service companies, all right? And that will be indicative of how they have to protect their own margins. And obviously, that's how they look to their spend. So what looks like where we had projects onboard, it's likely that, potentially, there'll be a delay in those projects. So it's very hard for us to predict on a monthly basis where it is. I will give you this comfort, though. If you look at the results for the quarter, what's interesting about -- when I said that we thought the second quarter was going to be the worst, the good news is that the second quarter wasn't as bad as we thought it was going to be, okay? So that's a positive. And I attribute that to the -- all the resources that we have available to us, the work that our people are doing with our clients, the data and the Acxiom and the work that Philippe talked about, working with the Open Architecture solutions. There is no question in my mind that, that is the way we have to market our services going forward, and I believe we're positioned the best in the business to respond to that. So in terms of the trend, if you will, I'll give you that the United States and Continental Europe were somewhat better in June than in May. Does that indicate that July, therefore, is going to be better? I can't answer it. But the shoots are there. We have a good pipeline in terms of new business. We just were informed that we're in finals of some other pitches that are going on right now. We're net new business positive. So all those indications on the normal circumstances would indicate that we will see a recovery in the balance of the year, whether it's in the third quarter or fourth quarter, we can't comment. There are indications that, in the fourth quarter, there seems to be a bit of a slowing down, but that's just the reaction to what's happening today. The key takeaway, I think, what you have to walk away from, is when you compare our results in this quarter to our competitors, we are outperforming the market in terms of our revenue growth. We're outperforming the market in terms of net new business. We're winning more than we're losing. And what's really adding to our strength is our sector allocations. When you look at our sectors, in terms of health care and retail and tech and technology, these are very strong sectors that we're very well positioned. What's also encouraging is to see that our top 20 clients, our top 100 clients, is performing better than the results that we reported. That's another positive sign, if you want to look at it. So overall, I can't tell you whether it's the third quarter or the fourth quarter. But I do believe that when this COVID experience turns around, we have positioned IPG for 2021 better than you can possibly believe. And when this does turn around, we will be lean, mean and in a position to continue to outperform our sector.
Alexia Quadrani: That's very helpful. And just one quick follow-up on -- in the areas where you saw relative weakness in the quarter, whether it's the auto vertical or industrial, financial services or maybe the event business, are you seeing some signs of improvement in some of those areas at this point?
Michael Roth: Well, clearly, look, our biggest hit was on the events side of the business. And we've said this before, 4% to 5% of our overall business is in the events side. Obviously, until we see recoveries in that side of the business, we can't count on a recovery. Are they working on digital responses? Yes. We've seen golf, for example, come back to TV. Do we play a role there? Yes. Do we see major league baseball coming back? When -- as you start seeing more of that, you're going to see more recovery in our event business. In terms of the other verticals, obviously, auto and transportation, the cruise lines, some of our businesses are really adversely affected, particularly the airlines. We have a good cross-section of airlines. We're not going to see a recovery in those businesses until there is a solution to COVID-19. The strength of IPG is that our sectors are well dispersed. And in the sectors that are performing really well, we're outperforming both our -- in terms of client representation and in terms of delivery. And in fact, we have new business opportunities that are out there right now, which we're very excited about, which would be net new business to us. It's not business that's at risk.
Operator: The next question is from John Janedis with Wolfe Research.
John Janedis: Michael, it seems like every time we hit a recession or a downturn, people have then question the business model. So can you talk about your view on IPG's positioning for the future? Do you need to change the business competition, the offerings, go-to-market strategy, or anything else for that matter, once things stabilize going into the next cycle? And then, separately, you talked about the cost disciplines. When revenue normalizes, as you said, the $80 million to $90 million won't flow back into the cost structure. Will the additional actions in the back half of the year be incremental to that number as well?
Michael Roth: Well, the answer to that is yes. Okay. It may not be as high because some of those expenses are going to be in Europe. And as you know, the payback with respect to European actions is a little bit longer. But as Ellen mentioned, the expense actions we expect for the rest of the year will give rise to sizable savings. They may not be the magnitude of the first half, but again, it's by geographic location. We've been working on our model now for years, okay? And if you really want to go back, and since you know our industry, we started working on our model when we started talking about Open Architecture. And that's where we bring the best of IPG to this solution. A significant amount of wins and in the health care clients that we're talking about are Open Architecture models, where we have all the disciplines. You heard Philippe talk about the data, media, the technology that's brought to it. They play an important role in every one of those engagements. Our creative capability from McCann, FCB, MullenLowe, our independents are all sitting at that table. You add to that our PR expertise and the event expertise. When it comes back, it is a compelling offering that, I believe, when this recovery turns around, we will be best suited to recover and continue to outperform our sector. That is the model of the future. I think we started it 14 years ago. And now, obviously, our competitors are trying to copy it. But I've been on global calls in terms of the Open Architecture, where the clients are referring to us as Open Architecture. And they're using it in their own model. So I don't believe we have to change our strategy at all. In fact, the last 14 years, we've been focusing on our strategy. And now, it's showing its strength in this environment. And when the recovery comes, I'm more comfortable than ever that, that model is going to prevail in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon: Okay. Great. For Michael or Philippe, I just wanted to follow up on the comments about Initiative, as I'm hard pressed to remember a media agency having to run a new business like this. So can you just talk about the breadth of the client list across verticals there? Are there obvious open slots that can be filled still? Or should we expect Initiative to start having that high-class problem bumping up against more complex situations? And then second, for maybe Philippe, specifically in a bit more high level. We get a lot of questions about the changes Google and Apple are making to their platforms with regard to privacy and data use. And the question for IPG and Acxiom is often about the balance of potential risk to the third-party data business versus the opportunity to help clients more with first-party data management. There's a lot of different directions you can take that. But to put it simply, do you think platform changes from Apple and Google are net positive or net negative for your business?
Michael Roth: Well, I'll let Philippe take most of that, but let me just comment. One of the reasons we bought Acxiom in the first place was because we saw the importance of first-party data and their potential. And as Apple and Google limited access with respect to cookies and things like that, the use of first-party data and all the technology that Philippe talked about becomes much more relevant. So we are positioning ourselves to be in a position competitively not to need the access to the Googles and the Apples. And with respect to Initiative. Initiative is a great story in terms of the comeback. And I'll let Philippe talk about Initiative.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I think Initiative has been a reinvention and a repositioning with an eye to some of the things that we've been talking about in terms of where the business is going. We're very pleased with what has been accomplished, but there are still opportunities there. So they are not brought in a number of pretty significant categories. And there's also a lot more that they can do to bring the -- all of the specialist capabilities that we have across Mediabrands and across Kinesso to their clients. So we still think there's quite a bit of running room. And then relative to your question about deprecating third-party cookies, as Michael said, with the expertise that we have at Kinesso and then given what Acxiom provides, we clearly foresaw that this was something that was -- we're going to need to solve for, and we were going to need to be able to stand on our own 2 feet, and in essence, if and as required, help clients deal with this new world. So whether it's an opportunity for everybody in the space, TBD. But when you've got the expertise we've got in data and, as we've always said, an agnostic model, we think that there's definitely upside to the complexity in the platform space.
Michael Roth: Yes. I think the availability of first-party data and the willingness of clients to share first-party data and opportunities that are created there can really provide a significant advantage when dealing -- when Google and Apple were to shut down because that's where the data-rich information can be. And the added technology and Kinesso capabilities and the new products and value-added, we believe we'll be very well positioned to handle that.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson: I have two for Michael. Michael, I'm sure you know this, but when you laid out what percentage of your staff is back in the office, and then looked at your organic revenue from those regions, how amazing that the market where people are working most from home have outperformed markets where people are still going to work. So I wonder, stepping back, how have you thought about maybe your need for office space that supports that post this crisis? Is this crisis giving you a chance to really rethink maybe the old way you guys built your agencies in terms of headcount and square footage? So anything on that? And then I'm looking at your billable expenses, and you mentioned the events being down. We totally get that. Is that the bulk of the downturn, bulk expenses? Is that mostly just from the events not falling through? Was there anything else in there that you should call out?
Michael Roth: Well, that one is easy. The bulk of that is from that. That's the pass-through. Let me tell you about space. Part of the restructuring, we've taken a very seriously look at whether office is required and so on. We've taken 500,000 square feet out in terms of the structural changes, in terms of the hit that we already indicated. And there is no question that the use of office will change in the future, and we're taking advantage of it. When we talk about positioning IPG for 2021, we're anticipating a change in the footprint of our organization significantly. And we are continuing looking at what space. Our initial reaction was because of the social distancing, we're going to need more space, right, because you're going to meet 6 feet apart and so on. In fact, it's the exact opposite. We will stagnate people coming to work, the use of office space and the ability for people to work at home. We're doing surveys every month in terms of how that's working. And as a result, the 500,000 square foot reduction that is part of the structural changes that we're taking, these are permanent changes. These aren't coming back. We're not about to all of a sudden start taking space in terms of the marketplace. I know why the real estate people aren't going to like to hear that. But yes, I think the way we're going to do business in the future is going to be materially different, and that we're taking advantage of this right now. We're learning from our people. We're learning who has to be in the office. We're learning what people can do things from home. It's voluntary. It's -- we will never ask people to come back to work if they're uncomfortable. The biggest issue for coming back to work, frankly, is transportation, mass transportation. We're very cognizant of that. We're spending a great deal of work with our people, understanding the dynamics of that. But you're correct, the footprint of the agency business is going to change, period. And the actions that we've taken already, if you think about it, we've already taken 500,000 square feet out of, what, 11 million square feet? We've done that in a matter of months. So as we take a look at this closer, as we go forward, I think there's going to be more opportunities there. And it's across the world. It's not just New York. I don't want the New York people to go crazy that we took it all out of New York. This is all over the country, all over the world. And I do believe the model has changed. And we've learned from this, and we will continue to learn from it.
Operator: That was our final question for today. I'll turn it back over to you, Michael.
Michael Roth: Well, I thank you all very much for your support. I hope you realize that we're working very hard on our investor behalf, and we will continue to do that. It's a difficult time, but I can't tell you how proud I am of our people and the way they stepped up to the challenges. And I look forward to our next call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Interpublic Group First Quarter Full Year 2020 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may go ahead.
Jerry Leshne: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you all for joining us this morning. We hope you all are well. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Ellen Johnson. Keeping with social distancing we are each in different locations, so we would ask you to please bare with us, should there be any minor delays.As usual, we have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. We will begin our call with prepared remarks, to be followed by Q&A and plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern.During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. These forward-looking statements may be effected by risks related to the spread and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance.At this point it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry. And thank you all for joining us this morning. Above all, we hope that you, your families and those you hold dear are safe and well. Our thoughts with all of those who have been affected by this pandemic with frontline health workers, and others who provide essential services and with our colleagues around the world. These are stressful times for society as a whole, for the global economy and of course for business, which means the appropriate focus on this call is on updating you on where we stand in dealing with and adjusting to the new realities that are being driven by this health crisis.Our top priority has been and continues to be the safety, health and wellbeing of our employees, clients and other key partners. Over 95% of our people globally are working from home where they are safest against risks to their health. That has been the case for a bit over a month now. Our associates have made an extraordinary transition in their professional, as well as personal lives. Were fortunate to have a workforce that is comfortable leveraging technology, collaborating virtually and being part of a highly supportive set of networks both within our company and with client organizations as well. This means Interpublic continues to actively serve our clients across our agencies, and disciplines and around the world. We continue to help them navigate a range of far reaching changes and complex challenges that require the highest order of insight into human behavior, and motivation, expertise when it comes to innovation in product and service delivery, as well as creativity and commitment.Anecdotally, as Jerry just mentioned, that many of us senior teams are reporting that the intensity of what we are living through is leading to very deep engagement with clients, which could mean time, lead to even stronger and more productive relationships. Another recurrent theme in our conversation with clients is that they understand the value of our services and the importance of work for their long-term competitiveness and growth.Ive said this before, but it deserves repeating, we have amazing and talented people and its been inspiring to see the way theyve rallied around one another and around our clients. Many of our agencies in markets such as the UK, Australia, and markets across Asia and Latin America have also been actively involved in helping their governments inform local populations about the public health crisis. Weve done great work thats helping to change behavior, which we hope will contribute to altering the trajectory of the pandemic.Since the initial COVID-19 outbreak, the senior most IPG corporate team have been in close and consistent contact with our corporate team have been in close and consistent contact with our medical advisors, getting their guidance on key public health and policy issues, so as to ensure that we are taking the appropriate protective actions for the health and safety of our employees. Weve also been able to lean on a pre-established business continuity planning and crisis preparedness to share information and communicate decisions across the company in a timely and effective manner, relying heavily on our risk, HR, IT, and legal teams. This has been given the fast-changing nature of the health situation.It goes without saying that the speed at which this all has developed means that the most significant business challenge has been the very high level of uncertainty. There is not much in the way of historical precedent to draw on for our company, our industry, and for the macro economic conditions that our clients must navigate. Across all business sectors senior leaders understand that events have moved exceptionally quickly and will remain subject to major decisions, driven largely by public health policy.Going forward, the actions of governments and regulators around the world will continue to be definitive in terms of their impact on the health crisis and the global economy. In this environment visibility into marketing and media spend is to say the least challenging. Given the uncertain duration, and extent of macroeconomic pressure and pace of eventual recovery, questions about forecasting and targeting are difficult to answer and quantify. Certainly, we expect a very difficult second quarter, after which we should have a better line of sight into the full year.As always, as we move ahead, we remain committed to the high level of transparency that youve come to expect from this management team. We remain convinced that Interpublics prospects to the future are sound, both in our ability to navigate the crisis and to take the actions that will allow us to emerge for maybe even stronger. First, as we navigate the near term, its noteworthy that our team has demonstrated over a period of many years that we had the financial, and management talent, tools, and business model, to successfully manage through difficult times.The steps being taken across our agencies and corporate group include deferred merit increases, freezes on hiring and temporary labor, major cost in nonessential spending, furloughs in markets where that option is available and salary reductions where possible or appropriate. We are also taking advantage of any government programs that are available around the world. Given the breadth and complexity of our portfolio, both in terms of the types of offerings, client mix and geographic presence, the impact of the crisis will be quite different across many of our companies. As such, there is no one-size-fits-all approach to the appropriate combination, of cost actions.At a number of our agencies salary reductions have been applied ranging up to 25% of base compensation. A few involve the entire employee population, while at others they are focused on senior leadership. The management team at IPG immediately announced voluntary compensation cuts for the balance of 2020. These previously announced cuts have been increased and are deeper than any else we have seen in the industry. Since the reductions for our named executive officers will flow through to total compensation as well.We have also identified very significant corporate center cost savings, which are already being actioned. We are, of course, doing what we can to minimize the impact on our people to the greatest degree possible. But as you already have seen at some of our agencies, we will regrettably see it again in order to align costs with new revenue reality. Staff reductions will be unavoidable in the face of the pressures almost every business is facing.Cost-containment alone will not be enough to keep pace in a world where certain clients sectors look likely to be at a standstill for the foreseeable future, and large gatherings for cultural, sporting or business events may still be a ways in the offering. We remain committed to providing a high level of support to our people, which is in keeping with our culture and with the knowledge that talent is our key asset. This will ensure a strong foundation to resume our trajectory of industry leading growth, coupled with margin expansion in the macro economic recovery to follow.A second vital area of focus during an economic downturn is liquidity and financial flexibility. We have a strong balance sheet. We began the year with $1.2 billion of cash and concluded the first quarter with $1.55 billion. Our committed term credit facility is $1.5 billion, supported by a group of leading banks and committed for several years into the future.Further, in late March, we arranged an additional $500 million, 364-day committed credit facility with a consortium of banks. In addition, we issued $650 million of 4% and 3.25%, 10-year senior notes. With the strong market reception our offering was upsized from $500 million. This effectively pre funds the $500 million maturity coming due in October of this year. These are proactive and prudent measures to further enhance our financial resources.Of course, our cash flow disciplines are active and have been intensified as appropriate. In addition to the extensive corporate costs actions, I already mentioned, weve identified significant CapEx that can be deferred for a time without detrimental effect.Working capital management has also been a priority for us. Along with that, collections and the historically high-quality of our receivables also receive additional attention, especially in the most challenged economic sectors. In this environment the sustainability of a dividend at its current level is a reasonable question.Given the level of visibility we have today the actions we have taken to date and the potential for economic recovery later this year and into 2021 we do not think that action on the dividend is required at this point in time. Of course, we will continue to assess this decision, given the current lack of visibility into upcoming quarters.A third key area continues to be our focus on our clients and offerings. During the past five years weve established very solid momentum relative to our peers in terms of our strategic differentiation, go-to-market offerings, revenue growth and account wins, as well as industry recognition. We are confident that our client-centric culture, open architecture model and industry-leading data management capabilities will continue to develop, and we will help to see us through this challenging period. Every economic downturn is somewhat different. And this one is of course unique.For IPG, the severe financial crisis and recession in late 2008 and 2009 was followed by our strong return to growth and margin expansion in 2010. That chapter can be instructive as to how our model can work over the coming months with rigorous expense management and the flexible cost base that provides us with a buffer against some of the top line headwinds. The bottom line is that during the last crisis, we managed the expenses appropriately to our revenue reality and also had two notably strong years of cash flow from working capital during the downturn.Exiting 2010, our balance sheet was stronger and our commercial offerings had moved dramatically ahead. Its unfortunate that our solid results in the first quarter cannot be indicative of the environment for the remainder of the year. It is however, an indication of the competitiveness and the strength of our offerings and our people.With that said, in the first quarter, we posted net organic growth of 0.3% and 4.9% EBITA margin against both headwinds mainly in the U.S. and strong organic growth of 6.4% a year ago.I will now turn this over to Ellen to take us through the results in greater detail. We also continued to have business highlights to acknowledge, which will Ill come back to in my closing remarks followed by a Q&A. Ellen?
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. Id like to begin by echoing Michaels sentiments and my hope that all of you and your family and loved ones are safe and healthy. Before I turn to first quarter financial performance, I want to underscore some of the key topics Michael touched on, notably, that we have multiple cost and cash flow levers available in our business model models and those are being deployed. Our finance teams are working in full partnerships with our business leaders around the world to help lead the appropriate response to the crisis.Our balance sheet and liquidity are strong and we have enhanced our position on both those fronts in recognition of the fact if they can play an essential role in ensuring that we are well positioned to come out of the storm as an even stronger company.Turning then to our results in the quarter and the slides that accompanying my remarks.On Slide 2, youll see a summary of our results. At a high level, our revenue performance continued to show the impact of certain paths and capital losses that we have spoken to previously. We did begin to see some impact on client spending from the pandemic as well, notably in Asia-Pac throughout the first quarter and in other markets as we move deeper into March. Nonetheless, we were able to flex our operating expenses and deliver a solid margin result.First quarter net revenue organic growth was 0.3% that includes and is added in spite of those previously disclosed headwinds, which were 3.7% in the U.S. in the quarter and is on top of strong organic growth of 6.4% a year ago.U.S. organic growth was 0.8% and is on top a 5.7% growth in Q1 2019. Our international organic change was negative 0.7%, again, very strong growth of 7.7% a year ago. While the impact of the growing pandemic in the quarter on our revenue is difficult to estimate with precision, it was understandably significant in China as well as several other Asia-Pac countries.Outside of Asia-Pac, we saw some impacts in March in the U.S. and Europe. Q1 EBITA was $97.2 million compared with adjusted EBITA of $103.6 million a year ago. The decrease reflects the impact of the client actions that weve described in prior calls, which had a disproportionate impact to EBITA in our seasonally small first quarter. It begins to partially cycles the headwinds in Q2 and will fully cycle their impact in mid year. EBITA margin on net revenue was 4.9% in the quarter, a strong result given the discrete client items and the pandemic impacts that we continue to face.For the quarter, our adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.11 which excludes the after tax impact of the amortization of acquired intangibles and the loss from sales of certain small non-strategic businesses in different world markets.[Indiscernible] was fully adjusted $0.11 per diluted share a year ago. We were pleased by the market reception of our $650 million, 4.75%, 10-year senior note issuance. We also added a new $500 million credit facility with a term of 364 days to further strengthen our financial resources.Turning to Slide 3, youll see our P&L for the quarter. Ill cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow.Turning to Q1 revenue on Slide 4. Net revenue is $1.97 billion compared to Q1 2019 the impact of the change in exchange rates with negative 1% with the U.S. dollar stronger against the every region. Net divestitures were 0.9% which represents the disposition of certain small non-strategic businesses over the past 12 months. The resulting organic revenue increase was 0.3%.At the bottom of this slide, we break out our operating segments. As you can see, the organic change in our IAN segment was negative 30 basis points, thats against very strong organic growth of 7.4% a year ago and reflects the headwinds and some impacts in the pandemic.At our CMG segment, organic growth was 3.7% with most of our marketing service specialists contributing to growth in the quarter.Moving on to Slide 5, organic revenue change by region. In the U.S., first quarter organic revenue growth was 0.8%, against 5.7% a year ago. The impact of revenue headwinds was 3.7%. Its worthnoting that all client sectors in the U.S. increased except the two sectors with prior year client losses.We saw strong quarters from MullenLowe and FCB Health as well as Hill Holliday, Carmichael Lynch and Tierney. CMG contributes the growth very broadly across service specialties.In our international markets, the organic change of net revenue was negative 70 basis points, which is against 7.7% growth a year ago.In the UK, our organic growth change was negative 1.8% which is compared to 5.7% growth a year ago. Growth in CMG and at our media offerings was more than offset by client specific reductions in the other parts of the portfolio.In Continental Europe, organic growth was 1.2% on top of 7.6% in Q1 2019 with growth led by McCann and CMG. Among our largest markets in the region, we were led by growth in Spain, France, and Germany. We did see some impacts to revenues from the pandemic as the quarter progressed.In Asia-Pac, our net organic revenue change was negative 5.3%. The COVID-19 virus had an impact in most of our national markets in the region with event cancellations and marketing campaigns that were deferred or canceled. As a result, China, Hong Kong and Singapore had double digit decreases in the quarter. A negative 5.3% quarterly result marks the steepest decrease we have seen in this part of the world since the last recession. Our people in China work from home for most of the quarter. Most are now back in the office, either full time or in switch shifts.LATAM grew 10.7% organically in Q1 on top of 23.8% a year ago. We have strong organic growth across the region and in most national markets. Our growth was led by McCann, Media, Huge, R/GA and CMG. In our other markets group, our organic change was negative 2.4% with decreases in South Africa offsetting solid performance in Canada. The Middle East was flat.Moving on to Slide 6, and operating expenses which were again well controlled in the quarter. Net operating expenses decreased 1.4% as adjusted for amortization and last years first quarter restructuring charge compared to our net revenue decrease of 1.6%.Our ratio of salary and related expenses to net revenue in our seasonally small first quarter was 72.1% compared with 70.9% a year ago. Underneath that, we delevered on our expense for base payroll in temporary labor. Due to slower revenue growth in the quarter and our severance expense is also elevated more than two year ago.Going the other way, we leveraged our expense for performance-based incentive compensation in the quarter and for all other salary and related expenses. At quarter end, total headcount is approximately 54,500, an increase of 1% from a year ago.Our office and other direct expense is 19.2% of first quarter net revenue compared with 19.4% a year ago. Within office and other directs, we delevered our expense for occupancy by 10 basis points that was more than offset by leverage on our expense for travel, meetings and office supplies.Our SG&A expense was 1.1% of net revenue compared with 2.1% year ago which reflects the decrease of performance-based incentive compensation in SG&A and lower general expenses.Turning to Slide 7, we presented detail on adjustment to our reported first quarter results in order to give you better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left hand side with our reported results and steps through to EBITA and our adjusted diluted EPS.Our G&A expense includes $21.3 million for the amortization of acquired intangibles. Below operating expenses, we had a loss in the quarter of $23.3 million in other expense related to the disposition of a few small non-strategic businesses.At the foot of the slide, you can see the after tax impact per diluted share of these two adjustments. Their total is $0.10 per diluted share, which is the difference between the reported diluted EPS of $0.01 and $0.11 as adjusted.On Slide 8, return to Q1 cash flow. Cash used in operations was $277.1 million compared with the use of $93.5 million a year ago. Last years result was unusually favorable for our first quarter due to timing. As a reminder, our cash flow is highly seasonal and can be additionally subject to change but only a few days of collection and disbursement activity. We typically generate significant cash from working capital in the fourth quarter and use cash in the first quarter.During this years first quarter, cash used in working capital was $371.6 million. In the fourth quarter of 2019, we generated $603.1 million from working capital. Investing activities is $60.8 million in the quarter, including $44.6 million per CapEx.Our financing activity provided $744.4 million net mainly due to the proceeds of our notes issuance in March and to an increase in short-term borrowing. We use $100 million for our common stock dividends. Our net increase in cash for the quarter was $359.8 million.Slide 9 is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.55 billion of cash. Our current liabilities include the maturity of our 3.5%, $500 million senior notes due in October.Slide 10 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt and reflects the new 4.75%, $650 million maturity in 2030. Total debt at quarter end with $4.2 billion with diversified maturities going forward.In summary, on Slide 11 our teams continue to execute at a high level. Despite the significant uncertainties that we are seeing due to the unprecedented healthcare situation, the strength of our balance sheet and liquidity means that we remain well positioned financially and commercially.With that, Ill turn it back to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Ellen. As I mentioned at the outset, the human toll of the COVID-19 crisis continues to grow. Some among us has suffered painful losses of loved ones, family members or colleagues. A sympathy goes out to those who have been personally touched by the disease, and our appreciation goes out to all of the essential workers who are allowing us to stay home, stay safe, and hopefully shorten the impact of the crisis.In this context, its inspiring to see our agencies continue to produce work in partnership with their clients that celebrates these true heroes, the medical professionals, transit employees, grocery and pharmacy workers, delivery people, and more and the crucial services that they are providing. Our companies are also working with the existing clients to help them meet business goals and we continue to win new business in many parts of our world. There is no question that the impact of crisis is having on the global economy will be reflected in the revenue of our industry.However, I wanted to mention a few notable wins and retentions that occurred in March and April, as examples of the resilience of our companies. Weber Shandwick won a significant assignment from Sanofi Pasteur, UM One Shinola, initiative brought in new international brands from Pernod Ricard as well as a major new biopharmaceutical company that we are not yet able to announce.In addition, FCB New York won Mikes Hard Lemonade, Birds Eye selected McCann, London and MullenLowe, Singapore landed that countrys Navy account. Of significant note, two of Mediabrands and Kinesis largest global clients, also recently agreed to multiyear extensions of their service agreements. What is noteworthy is that all these accounts were won or retained after the onset of the health crisis and demonstrates how even when working remotely, were able to move the business forward.Obviously, our companies are experiencing varied impacts. Dependent on the geographic footprint, the mix of services as well as whether they have greater concentration of existing clients in the most impacted sectors. One notable trend that we are observing early in the crisis relates to healthcare, which as you know is our largest client sector with significant expertise and presence at FCB, McCann, CMG, Hill Holliday, MullenLowe and increasingly at Mediabrands. This sector represents approximately one quarter of our revenue base and looks to be less dramatically impacted than many other industries.Sectors outside of healthcare that have shown some strength include tech, new economy and telecommunication clients, especially at Mediabrands and McCann. Other areas of relative stability within our client roster include consumer goods and those retailers focused on e-commerce, essential consumer products and strong value propositions. Clients like travel, hospitality and some retail on the other hand, have shown less resilience when it comes to planned marketing activity for the coming quarters.In recent quarters, weve discussed with you the strategic benefits of our investment in data to help future proof our company and make us a better partner to clients. Another important aspect of the business that should be recognized is that our management of first-party data. At Acxiom for example, two-thirds of the companys business consists of long-term contracts with client partners to manage their proprietary databases. These are fundamental business relationships that are critical to helping companies drive sales and marketing.As a result of these relationships, we believe that a business like Acxiom is positioned to fair relatively better than others in our sector in a challenged macro environment. And when combined with the offerings of Kinesso, the data-driven and highly targeted kinds of addressable media solutions we are creating should be of particular interest to our clients in the current economic climate. At CMG, were seeing a range of outcomes. There continues to be demand for the advisory side of the business, especially in the PR space. This means were seeing opportunities for crisis communications and strategic services from the group.However, as youd expect other parts of the business such as experiential and sports marketing are being hit. Our creative global networks are also seeing varied impacts that are dependent on client mix. Nonetheless, we continue to see strong engagement with clients, a limited amount of virtual new business activity and early indicators from Asia of what it will take to put our people back to work in a way that is both safe and productive. These agencies have put new creative product into the market over the last six weeks demonstrating our ability to execute high concept work even when working remotely.If youre like me, youre watching a lot of linear news. And here in the U.S. you may have seen the new work from McCann created from Microsoft teams as well as the pay it forward work for Verizon, focused on helping small businesses. FCB has done a lot of outstanding work, including very timely work for Kimberly-Clarks Cottonelle called Share a Square and long-time UK clients Sport England.MullenLowe work with Providence, one of the largest health systems in the United States to create a PSA featuring the frontline workers in this crisis. And the Martin agency recently produced an inspiring campaign for their UPS client called, thanks for delivering. Weve captured many case studies and posted them on our corporate website to showcase the kind of work being created in this new context. One of the things thats coming into focus as we garner consumer insights and develop new work is that the ways in which we connect with consumers are fundamentally changing and brand purpose will be more important than ever.Thats true for IPG as well. How we work will also be transformed. In fact, our COVID-19 Steering Committee has begun various work streams to examine what it would look like for us and our people when do start to return to the office. From large questions such as who returns first, whether we do so in shifts? How we protect our more vulnerable colleagues, to tactical issues, like how many people can ride in an elevator at one time.The goal in answering all these questions is to do the absolute most to protect the health, wellness, and security of our people. While we have a ways to go, it is very encouraging that this work has begun. As we look forward from the present day in the far reaching dislocation of the current crisis, it is likely that many new consumer and business models will emerge. Some of these, for example will involve an acceleration of trends in technology and media thats already begun underway. They will be enduring transformations of social and commercial norms and how consumers relate to brands, media and one another. We are looking forward to helping our marketers adapt.As a result, while the short-term will clearly be a challenge, we believe that the foundational role that we play as a unique resource for audience identification, communications planning, ideation and dependable execution will be strengthened and return to high demand when we round into an economic recovery. Complex challenges continue to escalate the need for high order innovation. And the culture, which had seen as if it couldnt move possibly any faster is only beginning to process, how it will adapt to the lasting effects of this systemic crisis.Going forward, a passive marketer without a strong point of view and a full range of communication tools and expertise will be at increasingly high risk. Clients will want their voice heard and their actions understood in ways that are relevant to consumers and also drive performance in the marketplace. Marketers will therefore have to leverage the best expertise available in order to succeed in the years ahead. We are optimistic that if the public remains the distinctly well-resourced partner with expertise across digital channels, data, media, creativity and a range of specialized services.We also have moved proactively to bolster our strong balance sheet and liquidity so as to ensure we can move through the economic downturn and support the needs of our various stakeholders. As youve heard, engagement with clients is ongoing. In the talent and dedication of our people, many of whom while they are working from home are working harder than ever is exceptional and deserving of our thanks. This is an unprecedented time, but we have a strong foundation in place. Were focused on helping clients. We will be disciplined in managing the business and taking actions to adjust to the revenue reality. Our people are doing their part using the full range of our companys expertise to do good in the face of this crisis.Our highly relevant offerings and track record of collaborative, open architecture client solutions positions us to leverage opportunity now and once the macro economic situation stabilizes and the recovery begins. As such, we will also remain well positioned but continuing long-term value creation. We will of course keep you posted on key developments, share our respect  our perspective on our visibility into the evolving landscape and as always we look forward to answering your questions.At this point, I thank you and Id like to turn it over to our operator.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. You may go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi. Thank you very much. Just a sort of big-picture question, then I have a follow-up, if you dont mind. Understanding the visibility is extremely limited. But can you provide what color youve sort of  what youd already know, sort of what youve seen so far in this quarter in April to help us sort of have a better understanding of the overall environment? For example, how much of a benefit has this remessaging work that youre doing to update ads for your clients? How much of the benefit is that into revenues? And is that continuing in  so far as you look ahead in Q2 or is it was really something you benefit for a couple of weeks and now its kind of waiting? And then my follow-up is, can you give us a sense of sort of what percent of CMG has come to a complete standstill or pause like events or sports marketing?
Michael Roth: Good morning, Alexia. How are you?
Alexia Quadrani: Good morning. I hope you guys are all well.
Michael Roth: Same here. Yes. I apologize for the length of our prepared remarks, but what we tried to do would anticipate a lot of questions. So given the difficulty of working remotely here, we can address them. But  and no surprise, Alexia, I was surprised you didnt ask me by week how our business is in the month of April, okay. Look, I said on the call in terms of my prepared remarks, the second quarter is not going to be pretty. The reason for it is in the second quarter, our clients, like everyone else, its hard to predict where this is going. So if you want to call them schizophrenic, one day, they get cuttings dramatically, the next day they feel its a good time to build brands and get messaging out there.So the second quarter is going to see a lot of ups and downs. I tried to outline in my remarks a lot of the good things were doing, we are working with our brands. I think more recently our brands are realizing that they have to start preparing work for when we do come out of this difficult position that they have to be positioned with a strong message, and there is where creativity and the data analytics that we have to reach the right consumers with the right message are very relevant. So whats encouraging is were starting to see conversations like that with our clients. But on the other hand, we have sectors like airlines and ships  cruise lines that has come to a standstill and we dont see that coming back until frankly the economy is normal for whatever that definition is.So its no question that the second quarter we believe based on we do a bottoms up attempt at what this is going to look like. The second quarter should be the worst of the quarters. We have an assumption and again that changes by the hour based on the way our clients spend and how theyre looking at it. But we see starting a recovery in the third quarter at some point. And then seeing a stronger recovery, somewhat in the fourth quarter going into next year. So our bottoms-up approach to that is how we base whatever actions were taking now so that were positioned to match our costs with our revenues. So there are dialogues going on. Clients are spending. We have some clients that are doing quite well in this environment emphasis on the healthcare side of the business.Its actually 28% of our business, and its so far, knock on wood is performing well and were actively involved in a lot of the new stuff that youre seeing on TV, in terms of new innovations. Obviously a number of those companies, including J&J and Gilead and things like that. We have a number of relationships that were working with those companies directly. So, were encouraged by that and we continue to focus on adding value to what the messaging is with our clients. And so second quarter, strap on your helmet but, its manageable. We stress test our business. We go through a number of revenue streams in terms of down and stress our working capital requirements, our financing and I can tell you under the most difficult positions, which I dont believe were going to see but we have stress test.We are financially very sound and our people and our resources are ready when that turn around occurs. And thats what you would expect management to do. So we have stress test the company from a cash flow point of view, from a resource point of view and our existing client demands are still there and its impressive that we are delivering good work in this environment remotely. And thats why its frankly going to change the way were going to work in the future because candidly, working remotely, frankly we did some surveys that our people enjoy that and its very effective.Your second question as far as events and so on. I think Ive mentioned this before that we have sports marketing, we have events, we have a whole bunch of different services that, obviously have come to a pretty difficult position right now. And depending on, most notably sports on TV, as well as know, since were watching old events like the old masters are not there. So clearly that part of the CMG business has taken a hit.Weve said the ratio of that sort of business across our business lines is in the 2% to 5% range depending on what you count as an event. But use that as a guideline. So as you know, were well diversified in terms of our offerings, and some of our businesses are up and continue to be strong even in this environment and some of our business that are obviously at a standstill. And thats why the benefit of a holding company comes through and that were positioned in whatever sector is active.
Alexia Quadrani: Michael, can I just ask you a follow-up on something you said about hoping to see better or at least less decline just better performance in Q3 verses Q2. Is that based on sort of your view of the economy or is it what clients are saying you or is it based on maybe upfront cancellations that youre seeing coming into May 1. Im just curious if theres any other color you can give us behind your confidence that we might see a little bit better performance in Q3?
Michael Roth: Yes, its a tough one. And obviously, I wrestled with whether I even make that comment, because the visibility isnt that clear. And I got to put enough caveats on it. But the conversations weve had with the clients range from, yes, we think its coming back in the later part of the third quarter or some clients dont think its coming back until the first part of the next year. So what we do is we did a review of all of our businesses with all our operators and to get their perspective and they tend to be a little more positive about the outlook.So we do see anecdotally clients coming back and talking to us and using the third quarter as a store person or event to start building brands again and coming back. So thats where that comes from. There is no scientific method of doing that. We dont have the visibility to make that a blanket statement. But for purposes of planning, thats what were using. And obviously by stress testing it so that it doesnt occur till the fourth quarter or the degree of negativity in terms of the organic growth is higher than what we think it would be, thats how we stress test our business and thats how our CEOs are operating their businesses. And each of our businesses have a different perspective based on their client mix. Obviously some of our agencies are more weighted in airlines and cruise environment. And clearly, those are challenged more than others.And therefore, whatever cost actions are necessary in those agencies, frankly, have already been taken. So its not an exact answer. I wish I could answer that question. But I think if you look at everybody else who is trying to forecast the answer is you cant. But you have to at least take an attempt at what youre hearing and seeing. So I think its a combination of some optimistic clients because they are in a market that sees that. Consumer goods, for example, one of the issues with our consumer goods clients are they dont have supply. So why do you advertise when you dont have supply to deliver? And the answer is because the brand has to be out there in the marketplace. Some of our brands dont need to advertise because theyre in the e-commerce, or in the Internet world and their business is doing well.So its a client by client basis, its a geographic issue. And clients, frankly, are wrestling with the timing of when they come back or how they spend their dollars. And thats why you see such variances. This can change daily Alexia in terms of whether clients are cutting or whether theyre spending. And we just have to be flexible in terms of how we approach that.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. Thats very helpful. I really appreciate it.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia, be safe.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Its good to hear everybodys voices. I hope youre well.
Michael Roth: Yes, thank you.
Ben Swinburne: Michael, I know, I totally understand visibility is what it is. I get that. So, but I want to answer  ask a question this way. Youve lived through the financial crisis as we all did, covering your company, or most of us did. And how would you compare this situation? I know its different in that its a health issue, but economically and sort of the client reaction to that, I mean, Im looking back. You guys had a couple of negative 15% type quarters in 2009. That was sort of as bad as it got. Should we be thinking about that experience as relevant here?And then to your point about  you made the comment about schizophrenia changing by the hour. How do you approach staff reductions given that uncertainty because, obviously, you have to think about letting people go who you may actually need in six months. Im just curious because obviously how you approach costs really is important to how we think about the rest of this year into next year.
Michael Roth: Yes, its a fair question Ben. And needless to say we ask ourselves the same question. You have to look at 2009 as, this is different. Theres no question this is different. And by the way, IPG is a different company. If you think about it in those days, I think, we had a $2 billion difference in revenue. Today we are investment grade then we werent. We were scrapping to raise capital in those days and we had some pretty interesting debt offerings that we participated in. And now we were able to tap the markets and upsize the debt on an investment grade basis without a change in our ratings. So were a different company.But I think the difference between 2009 and now is the consumer demand issue. In 2009 it was a capital question, right?
Ben Swinburne: Right.
Michael Roth: You couldnt have access to capital and that was difficult. And therefore clients were concerned and cut spending because they really had to focus on liquidity to survive. Here they are focusing on liquidity, but one of the reasons they are focusing on liquidity is because they want to be able to maintain their people. And thats different than, it was in 2009 if you look at the actions we took in 2009. And we actually had the same management team. So the benefit is weve been through this before and we did  we handled it pretty well.The size of the cost reductions that we had in 2009 versus what we think were going to experience now are a lot different: a) different size company; b) we have a better line-of-sight in terms of the competitiveness of our offerings. And frankly, we were performing much better even before this crisis in terms of leading the sector, in terms of winning new business and organic growth. So from a company perspective, were a lot different.So the cuts that were taken, by the way, the cuts are not insignificant. But I listed all the areas of our flexible cost base that weve taken. And the last thing we do is headcount reductions because we do believe this will turn around and we are focusing on maintaining our existing base. What was interesting in 2009 is we continue to invest in new offerings in 2009. So when the turnaround came, we were well positioned to do that. Were doing the same thing now. And we use  Id say we using more furloughs and salary reductions this time around than we did in 2009. In 2009 we took significant headcount reductions versus what we are doing now.Well look, any headcount reduction is painful. But if you compare what we are doing now versus what we did in 2009, its a lot different, and we are focused. Look, we spend a number of years investing, for example, in data and analytics with the Acxiom transaction, the formation of Kinesso, these people are in demand and we want to make sure that we protect our employee base, as well as our creative capability and all the different PR expertise that weve built up.So were not  having been gone through this, were doing this on a very thoughtful way with a view towards are we positioned to pounce on the turnaround with the strength of our offerings. And Im very comfortable that where we are today does not put us at a disadvantage at all as we come through this.And frankly, the culture of our company, the way we are going about this, were extending medical benefits for people, were giving them access to their retirement plans without penalties. Were doing all the best practices there are to make sure that our culture, which has always been very strong, continues to be an attractive aspect of working with IPG and all of its affiliates.
Ben Swinburne: Thats very helpful, Michael. So do we read into that the fact that you dont have to make the cuts as deep, which is great that you dont expect the revenue pressure to be as significant or maybe you just expect it to be a shorter duration source of pressure, I dont know if youd add any thoughts there?
Michael Roth: You tell me the answer to that. When I say we stress test it in different levels.
Ben Swinburne: Right.
Michael Roth: So obviously if were wrong in our initial past, there are additional actions, thats the benefit of our cost profile and a variable cost model. And weve shown weve been able to act in that model. So we, rather than doing, the worst case scenario upfront weve chosen to take another look at it once we get better visibility into the second quarter. So we always have that as an ability for us. So yes, I think weve learned a lot in 2009 in terms of how about  how you go about doing this to preserve our talent, which is critical. So were really looking at all the other costs that we have first, which is the right way to look at it.That said, in those sectors that are basically come to a standstill and particularly in the events side and in the sectors like airlines and cruise ships and things like that, our model dictates staffing reductions in those environments. And thats why we say, we have a variable cost model that works. So thats where you are going to see the initial headcount reductions. And were doing what we can in terms of voluntary salary reduction and furloughs to make sure our employee base is well treated and ready to perform in this crisis as well as the turnaround.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks so much.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Ben.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Tim Nollen with Macquarie. You may go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Thanks very much. And thanks for a very thorough presentation. Michael, I wanted to pick up on your comment on trends accelerating in tech and media. A couple of parts to the question I wanted to ask about Acxiom. First off, I think this is the first quarter that you would consider it organic growth. I dont know if its possible or if you care to give us a figure on how Acxiom did?And then as a followup on the acceleration, weve seen a lot of third-party estimates and comments on drops in traditional media spending. I wonder if you could talk a bit about the shift to more personalized marketing and more automation in media. The role that Acxiom plays there and just in general, your direct, your personalized marketing efforts. Do you see that as a near term as well as a longer-term acceleration in that trend and then how well youre positioned for that? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Yes. By the way, I think, we already saw our shift in media going more towards digital than linear. I mean, although everyones watching TV now, all right, but the ad spend is down, so viewership is up, but ad spend is down and its much more flexible to deal with digital. So theres no question that there is a  the shift that we already saw happening is accelerating on the digital side of the business and obviously data and analytics in Kinesso and Acxiom and the creative coupled with that gives us a tremendous advantage in terms of finding.We know where the audiences are right now. Theyre sitting home and theyre streaming and some of the streaming products out there are ad supported. Social media, were seeing a lot of that. Search, obviously, how do you buy those disinfected, where can you get it? So all of that stuff thats going on right now plays to the strength of our data analytics and our offerings that we have.With the acquisition of Acxiom and the formation of Kinesso working in conjunction with Mediabrands. That was the bet we made in terms of the business and were seeing it accelerate significantly during this period of time. We dont give out Acxiom numbers, but Ill tell you in the first quarter, Acxiom performed the way they should in terms of our base case and so on. And the point I made about two thirds of their business is first-party data, if anything is essential first-party data of companies is essential for them to run their businesses. So were a little more  were more comfortable with the two thirds of the first-party data business of Acxiom than some of the others.Obviously, where it could impact is on new logos, and things like that. But believe it or not, we are pitching for new business right now. We have some big pitches going on that were doing remotely. So I think whats happening right now, yes, its an acceleration to digital, no question about it. The movement from the linear to digital is easier now, but people still are spending on television because thats where the content is.So its affecting and thats where we add value in helping our clients know where to allocate between linear and digital. So our entire business model is being tested right now and we have great assets that can answer the questions that clients are looking for answers. So I think that gives us a leg up, if you will, in terms of whats happening in the marketplace and positions us not only to get through this, but positions us when we get  when we are done with it, the relationships and offerings that we have will be much more powerful.So I think what the investments weve made and our creative capability, the stuff were doing on the creative side is just amazing. And that develops brand loyalty. So across the board, Im very proud of the people and the resources that we have and what were delivering.
Michael Roth: So with that, I thank you for your participants and obviously look forward to a conversation about the second quarter and what the rest of the year will look like. I thank you for your support. Well be safe now. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode, until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth; and Ellen Johnson. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 AM Eastern Time.During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC.We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that while not a substitute for GAAP measures allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance.At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry and thank you for joining us this morning as we review our results for the fourth quarter and 2019. Im pleased to be joined this morning by our CFO, Ellen Johnson. Ill start our call by covering the highlights of our performance, as well as our outlook for the New Year. Ellen will then provide additional details and Ill conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by our Q&A.Were pleased to report strong performance for both the quarter and full year. At the top of our financial highlights, net revenue organic growth was 2.9% in the fourth quarter, which builds on the challenging 7.1% count in the fourth quarter of 2018. That brings organic growth for the full year to 3.3% which exceeds the high end of our targeted range for year and again, places us at the forefront of our industry.Regionally, fourth quarter US organic growth was 2.1%, which is on top of the 6.3%, US organic growth in the fourth quarter of the prior year. Its also worth noting that our growth in the US this quarter includes that is in spite of the headwinds we have described in prior calls, which dragged on US growth by 4.3% in the quarter.International organic growth was 4.1%, which on top of 8% growth a year ago, also represents continued strong performance. We grew our net organically across the UK, Continental Europe, LatAm, Canada, the Middle East with Asia-Pac, the sole exception. Globally, we saw a solid Q4 increases at both our IAN and CMG segments, which reflects very broad participation across agencies and disciplines.Our growth was led by media, data services and tech. We also saw contributions from our creatively led global integrated networks. Among our marketing service specialists, fourth quarter growth was based by sports and entertainment marketing and experiential marketing. Our top performing client sectors were tech and telecom, healthcare, retail, financial services and food and beverage. For the year, its worth noting that every client sector grew other than auto, where we are contending with our headwinds.Turning to our operating income and EBITA, fourth quarter operating income was $491 million. EBITA was $513 million of in Q4, compared with adjusted EBITA of $504 million a year ago. EBTIA margin was 21.1%. For the full year, adjusted EBITA was $1.2 billion, an increase of a 11.3%. Our adjusted EBITA margin was 14%, an increase of 50 basis points from the year ago, attaining the high end of our target range for the year.Full year diluted reported earnings per share was $1.68 and was $1.93 as adjusted which his comparable to $1.86 per share a year ago. Our results for the year further demonstrate the strength of our client-centric, integrated offerings and the quality of our people, our combination that has produced leading organic growth and margin improvement over a period of many years.Were proud of our consistent level of achievements amidst significant change in our industry, and the dynamic environment in which we are all operating. Along with strong performance, we have continued our investments in outstanding talent across our agencies and in the tools and capabilities that keep us on a leading-edge of our industry.This is especially true in key areas like digital, data services and analytics, strategy and creative. On the strength of these results and confidence in our future prospects, were pleased to announce this morning our Boards decision to raise the IPGs quarter dividend by 9% to $0.255 per share. This marks our eighth consecutive year of dividend increases. However, which time our quarterly dividend per share is more than quadrupled.As we turn to our outlook for 2020, we do so with the foundation of highly competitive agencies, collaborating effectively in our open architecture framework and converting revenue growth to operating profits at margin accretive rates. Further, were extremely well resourced with data science capabilities that are fundamental to a future of high order offerings.From a capital allocation standpoint, we continue to be focused on organic investment in our business, to maintain growth leadership on deleveraging our balance sheet following the Acxiom transactions and as demonstrated in our action this morning, on returning capital to shareholders. All of these priorities further our commitment to driving shareholder value.As its apparent in our results, the worldwide tone of business among our clients were made solid through yearend. While there are macro issues that required continued attention, including the sustainability of economic expansion, the state of international trade and global political developments, the backdrop nonetheless appears down as we enter the New Year.In addition, like all global companies, we are concerned about the coronavirus outbreak and we want to convey our deepest support and commitments to the people of China. Naturally, we are focused on the wellbeing and safety of our own people, as we have 2,500 employees in Greater China and thousands more partners, clients and suppliers. Most of our people in China are working from home, and are subject to travel restrictions.We have technology in place that makes it easier for our people to work remotely. We are closely monitoring the situation and well take every necessary precaution to safeguard our people. Nonetheless, we continue to see opportunities for solid growth in 2020. Even as we are comparing once again, against industry-leading growth rates and well continue to contend with revenue headwinds in the first half of the year.For 2020, we are targeting organic growth of 3%, we outcycled through large headwinds by midyear. And were well positioned with world-class offerings, a distinctive go-to-market strategy and a unique high value added resources.Turning to EBITA margin for 2020, we also expect to continue to hedge to our longstanding record of margin expansion in the upcoming years. Were targeting EBITA margin expansions of 20 basis points over our 2019 adjusted EBITA margin, which would bring us to 14.2% in 2020. As always, as the year unfolds, we will regularly review our perspective on the year during our quarter calls.In summary, we believe that the drivers of shareholder value creation are the quality of our people and resources, revenue growth, margin expansion and share dividends, they all will continue to work well in Interpublic as we enter a New Year.At this stage, Ill turn things over to Ellen, for additional detail on our performance and then Ill return with an update and highlights of our businesses. Ellen?
Ellen Johnson: Thank you, Michael and good morning. As a reminder, my remarks reflect the slide presentation that accompanies our website [technical difficulty]. On Slide 2, youll see a summary of our results. Fourth quarter organic growth was 2.9%, on top of strong growth the year ago. US organic growth was 2.1% and international organic growth was 4.1%.For the full year, our organic was 3.3%. Q4 EBITA was $513 million and EBITA margin on net revenue was 21.1%. For the full year, our adjusted EBITA margin was 1.2 billion and adjusted EBITA margin expanded 50 basis points to 14%. For the quarter, our adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.88. Full year adjusted diluted EPS was $1.93.Over the course of 2019, wed retired debt in the amount of $400 million. Gross leverage at yearend was 2.3 times, 2019 and adjusted EBITA as defined in our credit agreement. As Michael mentioned, we announced this morning that our Board has once again raised our common share dividend. Theyve approved a 9% increase to $0.255 per share quarterly.Turning to Slide 3, youll see our P&L for the quarter. Ill cover revenue and the operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow up. Turning to revenue on Slide 4. Fourth quarter net revenue was $2.43 billion compared to Q4 2018, the impact of the change in exchange rate was negative 1%. And the impact of net debt position was a negative 1.1%. The resulting in organic revenue increase was 2.9%.Net revenue growth for the full year was 7.4%, consisting of 3.3% organic growth and a positive 5.8% from net acquisitions while currency was a negative 1.7%. Net acquisitions for the year were cheaply Acxioms revenue over the first nine months, less the impact of certain small non-strategic agency. Acxiom growth was included in our organic change, beginning with the fourth quarter.As you can see, on the bottom half of the slide, Q4 organic growth for integrated agency network segment was 2.9%. growth in IAN was led by a range of our offerings, including IPG Mediabrands and Kinesso, Acxiom, McCann Worldgroup, FCB, notably FCB Health, MullenLowe and Huge.At our CMG segments, organic growth was 3.3% in the quarter, driven by strong performance at our Octagon sports and entertainment marketing group and by Jack Morton in experiential. Full year organic growth was 3.5% at IAN, and 2.3% at CMG.Moving on to Slide 5, revenue by regions. In the US, organic growth was 2.1% in the quarter, which includes a revenue headwind of 430 basis points that weve called out previously. Our domestic growth was led by a range of offerings, notably media, technology and other services, healthcare and both FCB and McCann and our creatively led services at MullenLowe and Carmichael Lynch.For the full year, US organic growth was 1.9% thats on top of 5.1% a year ago and includes the impact of headwinds of 3.3%. And again, the headwinds will be get diminished in Q2 and are essentially cycled at midyear.Looking at our international markets, we had another strong quarter from the UK, with 4% organic growth, youll recall thats on top of 9.6% in Q4 2018. We continue to see contributions to growth across the number of our offerings in agencies. Notably, IPG Mediabrands, Jack Morton and Huge.For the full year, UK organic growth was 3.7%, a solid increase against 9.7% growth in 2018. In Continental Europe, organic growth was 6.2%, this was highlighted by increases in most of our largest national markets, namely Spain, Germany and France. Q4 cast an outstanding year of 7.3% organic growth on the continents. In Asia-Pac, our primary concern as Michael mentioned earlier, is the safety and wellbeing of our colleagues, as well as all those affected by the coronavirus.Looking at our results in the regions. Our organic revenue decrease was 3%. Consistent with recent quarters, we continue to see mixed performance in our largest regional markets. Revenue in China and Australia decreased, well India was flat in the quarter and Japan increased. Our organic change in the region was negative 30 basis points for the full year.LatAm was 17.1% organically in Q4 which was on top of 17.4% a year ago. We continue to see growth across the regions were led by our offerings in Brazil and Mexico, powered by both new client wins and growth with existing clients. Full year organic growth was 21.8%. In our other markets group, organic revenue growth was 4.7% in the quarter, led by increases in the Middle East and Canada. Full year organic growth was 4.6%.Slide 6, if you look at the expense drivers of our margin expansion in the quarter and the year. I will focus my remarks on a full year. Our ratio of total salaries and related expense to net revenue ratio for the full year was 64.6%, which is an improvement of 140 basis points. Underneath that, we improved in all major expense categories. These payroll, benefits and tax, performance based incentive, compensation, temporary labor and severances.At yearend, our companywide headcount was approximately 54,300, which is an increase of less than 1% from a year ago. Our office and other direct expense was 18.1% for the full year and net revenue compared was 16.9% a year ago. The increase is mainly due to the consolidation of Acxiom for the full year which has a relatively more investments in data and technology.SG&A expense decreased to 1.1% from 2019 or a 2.1% as reported in 2018. Excluding Acxiom deal expenses from 2018, the SG&A ratio was 1.7%. The change mainly reflects a greater expense allocation to our agencies in 2019 to that including the Acxiom for the full year and lower expense for performance-based incentives and compensation in SG&A.Our depreciation  our expense for depreciation was 2.2% of net revenue in 2019, thats an increase of 20 basis points. The amortization of acquired intangibles was 1% in 2019, compared to 0.5% in 2018. For both depreciation and amortization, increases due to the consolidation of Acxiom for the full year in 2019, compared to only the fourth quarter in 2018.Turning to Slide 7, we present detail on adjustments for reported fourth quarter results in order to give you better transparency and a picture of comparable performances. This begins on the left-hand side with our reported results and steps through our operating income to EBITA and our adjusted diluted EPS.Our amortization expense for acquired intangibles was $21.4 million, resulting in EBITA of $512.7 million. On our operating expense, we had a loss in the quarter of $24 million in other expense, related to the disposition of a few small non-strategic businesses.In our tax provision, we recorded a net benefit in the quarter from valuation allowance reversal settling $25.3 million which we have backed out here. While an adjusting item, the allowance reversal reflects fundamentally improved operating performance in the related markets. At the part of this slide you can see the after tax impacts for diluted share based adjustments. The total was $0.04 per share the difference between $0.84 reported diluted EPS and $0.88 as adjusted.Slide 8 depicts similar adjustments to the full year. Again, for continuity and comparability this also brings in the impact of the restructuring charge from Q1. Our amortization expense was $86 million and Q1 2019 restructuring charges were $32 million. Business dispositions over the course of the year resulted in a [$1] [ph] loss of $46 million.The impact of discrete items from tax was a benefit of $39 million. The results as adjusted full year diluted EPS was $1.93. Note at our adjusted effective tax rate for the full year was 25.8% which is at the low end of our targeted 26% to 28% range. In 2020, our direct forecast for our normalized effective tax rate is unchanged at 26% to 28%.On Slide 9, we turn to cash flow for the full year. Cash from operations was $1.5 billion compared with $555 million a year ago. The comparison which was $443 generated from working capital, compared with $431 million used in working capital in 2018. As we have pointed out on previous calls, working capital can be volatile from year-to-year.Due to the variation in timing of collections and payments evened by only a few days. The timing percentage of both for late 2018 resulted in a benefit to us in 2019. Investing activities was $152 million in a year, reflecting our CapEx of a $199 million. 2018 includes the Acxiom acquisition.Our financing activities used $843 million, which was mainly $403 million for the repayment of long-term debt and $363 million for our common stock dividend. In 2018, proceeds from long-term debt issuance related to the Acxiom acquisitions. Our net increase in cash was $519 million.Slide 10 is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the year with $1.2 billion in cash and equivalents. Our $500 million, 3.5% senior notes mature in October this year and is reflected under current liability.Slide 11 depicts the maturity schedules of our outstanding debt. Total debt at yearend was $3.3 billion, which is a reduction of approximately $400 million from a year ago and $500 million since the Acxiom financing in October 2018.In summary on Slide 12, we are pleased with our performance in the quarter and the year. Our teams executed very well, achieving strong revenue growth in spite of significant headwinds, while maintaining expense discipline. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and a meaningful source of value creation. As evidenced main actions announced by our Board today. That leaves us well positioned entering 2020.With that, Ill turn it back to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Ellen. Well we were pleased to have achieved strong results for 2019, highlighted by organic revenue growth that once again, leads the sector. In each of the past five years, our growth rate has topped the industry average. This continued outperformance speaks to our talent, offerings and a differentiated holding company model. For some time, weve seen our key role as supporting and nurturing strong agency brands, so that they can continue to produce great advertising for our clients.Simultaneously, we have never lost sight of the evolving landscape and a disruption taking place in marketing, media and communications. To address these challenges, weve invested in key areas that create an IPG disposition for the future.These have included embedded digital expertise across the portfolio, leading edge media and data capabilities and open architecture solutions, all of which have helped us fill our future facing company. Today, IPG is in a preeminent position to help brands reach consumers in a highly efficient and relevant way.Our company can unite data with creativity, to deliver advertising that is valued by consumers and valuable for brand. We can help business leaders find tomorrows growth through the combination of technology, craft and collaboration. And we have created a modern holding company with a culture of integrity and transparency, where IPG sets the standard regarding conscience and respect for privacy, accountability and brand safety.As we have noted on prior calls, understanding data and its power is absolutely essential and its been the priority for us over many years, well before we acquired Acxiom. Todays IPG has the ability to help companies optimize the value of their own first-party data and the service of enhancing the customer experience and in helping our clients reach their business goals.Thanks for our long-term strategy, there are many more used cases with which we are increasingly involved ranging from power and ecommerce to the execution of omnichannel and media. Sometimes the job is to help a company determine if the data they hold has been sourced in a way that meets the most rigorous, ethical and regular  regulatory standards. Other times the challenge is to put first, second and third party data to work to drive new insights and innovation.To further enhance our media and data services and tech offerings, last quarter we launched Kinesso, a marketing technology company that leverages our data science skills to provide services that help marketers make media activations faster and more effective. Kinesso was currently working in close partnership with Mediabrands, where there was the most adjacency and therefore, the great opportunity. Acxiom and Kinesso capabilities are being brought to bear on all our major clients and new business opportunities.We have coupled these strategic moves with strong financial management. Consistent with recent years, during 2019, we demonstrated our ability to remain disciplined on cost and to deliver against our stated financial goals. Our record is sustained long-term margin improvement is something we are very proud of.Our Boards decision today to increase the dividend shows the continued commitment to return value to shareholders as well as confidence in our future prospects. In addition, in the future, as we return our debt levels to more historical ratios, we will return to including share buybacks in our capital allocation programs.To provide a progress report on the key developments within our portfolio, lets now turn to the performance of the agency level during the quarter. At our integrated agency network, Mediabrands closed the year with a very strong performance. UM retains the relationship with GoPro and added Armor All, recently acquired by existing client Energizer.And it has just named UM, a best place to work in 2020. Initiative also posted a very good quarter and end of the year. The agency saw a notable win with [indiscernible]. At CES, IPG Media Lab was again on the convention floor, identifying the most exciting and relevant innovations in products and providing guided experiences for our clients.FCB also grew in the quarter, driven by strong performance from its health operations. FCB Health was named Global Healthcare Network of the Year for the third consecutive year and Area 23 named our Global Agency of the Year and Regional Agency of the Year at the 2019 New York Festivals Global Awards.McCann Worldgroup saw growth globally, as well as an important industry accolades, notably Global Agency of the Year awarded by Adweek and Network of the Year at the Epica Awards. In addition, McCanns work for Microsoft, featuring the first female and openly NFL Coach in Superbowl history, has been wildly herald it as one of the best of the broadcast topping the major rankings.MullenLowe Group closed the year with a number of new business wins, including being named the Global Agency Partner for Bayer in the US TaxAct and they gave us budget group of both headed to MullenLowes roster. Collaborating with the groups integrated media arm, MediaHub MullenLowe won media and created duties for Hawaiian Airlines media hub also added interest.After a year with IPG, Acxiom continues to expand its role to the clients in our agencies. Today, our data and tech solutions have a seat at the table, and now adding value with both existing and new clients. As mentioned early in the fourth quarter, IPG launched Kinesso, a marketing intelligence engine powered by Acxiom. Kinesso furthers IPGs vision as brands trusted partner in data science by bringing together top data and technology talent with addressable media experts.Turning to CMG for the first time  for the fourth time in six years, Holmes Report and Weber Shandwick Global Agency of the Year, Weber Shandwick and its consultancy United Minds launched a new suite of expanded offerings to help companies access cultural risk within their organizations. Golin had a trio business wins in the quarter including Lego, Twitter and Meso robotics. The agency also restructured leadership naming a new CEO from the [indiscernible].Octagon also had a solid quarter, announcing new business wins at several sporting conferences. The agency is coming off a successful Superbowl where it represented three players in the game, many corporate clients and managed multiple activations in the Miami.All in at the agency level, IPG continues to have many of the industrys most vibrant brands. Last month, IPG Agencies and People swept the inaugural campaign US Agency of the Year Awards, taking home more on as in all other holding companies combined. These awards which are unique and that they are judged by clients recognized leadership, creative excellence and business performance.Weve also focused on creating a holding company model that is not just differentiated by our offerings but by our culture and our commitment to diversity and inclusion as well. 2019 IPG joined the Business Roundtable and redefining the purpose of a corporation. Setting a new standard at how a company should operate. As we continue to generate long-term value for stakeholders, through innovation, transparency and corporate responsibility. In addition, our focus on ESG continues to be a part of our business priority.According to the management top 250 ranking, IPG ranked as one of the best managed companies of 2019 and was the only company from the advertising industry included in the lists. Developed by the Drucker Institute and the Wall Street Journal, the ranking makes a corporate effectiveness through customer satisfaction, employee engagement, innovation, social responsibility and financial strength. Additionally, IPG was named the top company to work for by LinkedIn and was the highest ranked company in the advertising sector on the list, which compile the most 50 most-sought after companies where people want to work and develop their careers.Our differentiated culture and strategy are our key reasons to our long-term performance have been strong. Notably in our organic growth performance as this metric shows the foundational strength and competitiveness of our operations. It goes without saying that we remain focused on evolving the IPG offerings. But our results demonstrate how well positioned we are for the future, with the company that remains highly relevant to marketers in an increasingly crowded and complex media environment.Looking forward, the tone of the business remain sound, new business activity is solid, the greatest strength of our portfolio positions us well to grow with our existing clients as well as participate in the Fitch opportunity as we see today. And our hard work to create a modern highly collaborative company ensures that we have positioned to profit from opportunities that may come from outside of traditional arena going forward.In light of these factors, we believe that we should continue to see organic revenue growth and we are therefore targeting growth of 3% for 2020. Along with this level of growth, we expect a further improved EBITA margin by an additional\ 20 basis points which would bring us to 14.2% in 2020.On top of our recent success, we feel that it remains significant potential for value creation and enhanced shareholder value over the long-term for our company. As always, we thank our clients, our people who have been the foundation of our long-term success. And we look forward to updating on our progress, at our first quarter call.With that, Ill open it up to questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Well now begin our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani from J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you. Thank you very much. A couple of questions. First to get down like business was so strong across the Board in the quarter and Im wondering if there was one particular area that really outperformed that surprised you guys in the upside? And then secondly, do you see the sort of momentum or maybe the healthy ad spend environment in general sort of continue into 2020 when you speak with your clients as a sense of optimism? And then Ill add a one more follow-up? Thank you.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia. Well the fourth quarter obviously came in strong and frankly, it was across the Board, our integrated network came in strong as I mentioned Jack Morton and Octagon came in strong and obviously Mediabrands, Dater, Acxiom pretty much FCB Health and all our units performed well in the fourth quarter. So that gave rise to our strong growth in the fourth quarter and notwithstanding the headwinds that we came in.I mean it sets the tone for 2020. When we set a target of 3% for 2020, it still  we continue to have very difficult comps year-on-year, which is a good thing as we continue to set the pace for the industry, we still are setting goals on top of that. And was Ellen indicated, we still have headwinds in the first half of 2020 so when we set a goal of 3% for the full year of 2020, that reflects cycling through those headwinds.So we continue to feel that tone of the business continues to be solid and the compensations with our clients indicate that we are offering our value proposition to our clients that moves the needle and obviously that bodes well with respect to our open architectural approach to meeting our clients needs. Now of course there are wild cards out there, the coronavirus, you know, I know the question is how is that going to impact us?China is roughly 2% of our total revenue, its important to us, because our clients are there, when total revenue which  its is not that significant, but what remains to be seen is, what impact this will have on our suppliers and the chain  the supply chain and what impact that would have on US companies and other global companies. But its  there still some wildcards out there with respect to 2020, but the tone continues to be solid as we move into certainly the first quarter.
Alexia Quadrani: And just a quick follow-up on the new business you mentioned and we see that from our data there is headwind still on the first half of the year. So do you think when you look at the back half from whats happened there been announced sort of today, can you find that youre going to see some actual tailwinds or to be more neutral in terms of the wins youve had more recently or in the last fall?
Michael Roth: Yeah, thank you. If we  if were forecasting a 3% of organic growth, we hope we have some tailwind. But we do have some recent losses that were  the project business that you know all of that had with the Bank of America should tail off in the second part of the year. But we have new business that win coming on stream that should offset that.So when we look at a target, we look at into  we take into consideration business wins, potential business wins that we have in the pipeline and as well as losses that weve realized. So all of that get factored into both the organic growth target as well as the margin expansion.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ben Swinburne: Hey, good morning everyone. Michael could you just give us an update on the Acxiom integration, I know obviously you have the asset now for some time, but just you had talked about revenue synergies or revenue opportunities Im just wondering if youre starting to see those actually flow into the numbers if the 3% has any sort of Acxiom bump, for a lack of a better phrase and how thats all tying into Kinesso which you mentioned in your prepared remarks?And then just for  maybe for Ellen, in the fourth quarter you had  your incentive comp was down I think as a percent of revenue you got some nice leverage there, base day was up offsetting that can you just remind us sort of how bonus accrual process works and where that shows up in the P&L when you guys have a year strong as you did last year? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Yeah, look  what Ill go  what youre seeing is a performance-based compensation. Some business units performed well, some didnt deliver on their targets, and remember last year we exceeded our goals much higher than this year. So the incentive comp is working exactly as its supposed to be working and that is  those units that outperformed were compensated, those that didnt reflected it. So the incentive comp number that you see also in the fourth quarter, because we do it on a full year basis, we had a catch up and reflected in our final numbers. So, the incentive comp worked exactly as we expected it to, with respect to pay for performance.As far as Acxiom goes, you know, Ive said in the last call, were very happy with, first of all, how the integration is going. The integration is pretty much done in terms of all the necessary physical legacy accounts and all the different comp plans and all the things that integration from mechanical point of view need to be done, but more importantly, the integration of Acxiom with IPG and our offerings and the seat at the table that Acxiom has with respect to our existing clients as well as a potential new business is real, and they have a seat at the table along, you know as part of Kinesso as well, with all business pitches and with our major clients.So as we indicated, that was one of the, you know, if you look at Acxiom versus the management of first-party data, okay, so that business continue to be solid. As we said in the third quarter, its performing consistent with our business case in terms of acquisition. I think we used like a 5% growth for that business, [technical difficulty] that it continues to perform well and were very happy with the first-party data management and the core business of Acxiom.On top of that with the formation of Kinesso, where we have putting together the adtech, the martech in the service business and obviously Acxiom provides the data backbone, but Kinesso is the technology part of that and then we have Cadreon in there which focus on the activation. And were really pleased with how well that proposition is working both with respect to new business pitches and getting the attention of our existing client base.So of course in the 3% number for 2020, we continue to bake into a solid performance for Acxiom, solid performance with Kinesso what we said last time last year that we will start introducing new products through Kinesso in terms of the value-based offering, and we do have a pickup in part of the organic growth for 2020, which reflects the synergies between the Kinesso, the Acxiom and the Mediabrands in particular, because what we said was, we were going to focus on Mediabrands, initially because thats the logical place for them to come together. Then eventually well roll it out to our creative agencies as well.So were very pleased with how Acxiom is performing. I think its very clear to us that it was the right decision for us to acquire Acxiom, and it gives us a competitive advantage when dealing with the full integrated offering in open architecture. I mean  the stuff that Kinesso was doing with respect to focusing on high value audiences and the value that it creates, creates an immediate impression with clients, because they frankly havent seen that type of offering and were really pleased and excited about the future of that.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks, Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Ben.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Solomon from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Dan Salmon: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Michael, one for you and one for Ellen. Over the last year so  I  theres plenty I could ask you about Acxiom or Kinesso, but I think Ben covered a lot of it there. I want to ask maybe about R/GA. Its never easy to see an industry legend. Hes out of an agency, but the transition with Bob Greenberg, thats played out there over the last year, that agency has been such a huge contributor to your growth over the last decade or so, I just love to hear it update on how thats going?And then, Ellen, the Michaels comments, I think in the press release reiterated the intention to get back to share buyback at some point. I know you wont give us a timeline for that. But just maybe remind us what are the milestones with your balance sheet that youre watching, youre executing on your cash flow generation for the company overall? What are the things you want to check the box on before you think about that again? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Yeah, unfortunately Ill take that one too. Thats a topic very close to my heart. Believe me, we have Ellen and the entire  all the finance team 
Dan Salmon: And the board 
Michael Roth: And the board. We addressed this issue very carefully. In my remarks, I commented that our goal you know for 2020 is to continue to pay down debt. We have a $500 million tower there that weve looked to reposition and pay down in one form or another. And frankly, when you get to the levels that we were previously at, in terms of maintaining our investment grade, we see given the cash flows that sometime next year we should be reaching those levels.So I think it would be reasonable to think that all things happening the way we want them to, we could be back in the market buying shares sometime next year, obviously that requires Board approval. Well talk to rating agencies, which is very important to us and well take into consideration the overall market conditions.But its certainly we believe strongly that one of the shareholder value creation opportunities for us is to continue to return cash to our investors up until Acxiom you know, we had a good mix between buybacks and dividends, we paid debt, we distributed $4.4 billion already in terms of that type of mix, and were very pleased with it. So the sooner we can get back to the mix between dividend increases, as we saw we did this year and share buybacks, the better we believe is for our shareholders and well continue to focus on that opportunity.Thank you for asking about R/GA. You know, we have a new CEO, Sean Lyons. Hes beefed up his team, hes repositioned some of the individuals within your organization. Theyre looking at the go-to-market strategy on a global basis. As any new CEO, Sean is taking a look at the entire organization and what markets they should be in, what offerings they have, particularly in terms of the consulting side of the business is a strong opportunity for them. Theyre making investments in that and theyre sowing very good traction in that area. So we continue to be excited about R/GA.Of course, Bob Greenberg is in fact a legend. There arent many legend, real true legends in the business. And he continues  he will be part of R/GA frankly forever. But Im really excited about what Sean and his team putting together in terms of the go-to-market strategy, leveraging the expertise and the traditional, strong base under the leadership of Bob Greenberg. So R/GA will continue to be a strong contributor to the overall performance of IPG.
Dan Salmon: Great. Thanks, Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tim Nollen, Macquire. Your line is now open.
Tim Nollen: Well, thanks. I actually do have another Acxiom question, if thats okay. I just want to ask about with so much concern amongst the market these days about data privacy and Googles changes to cookies, could you just give us a rundown of Acxioms work with first as well as third-party cookies. I think there might be a misunderstanding out there about Acxiom is just a third-party data seller. I think thats a vast  a very, you know, minority of the business. I just wanted to  you know sort of in terms of doing your work that is very much more about the first-party data management? And then in terms of the actual sales, just if you could just give us a sense of how much is  of the importance comes from the first-party versus the third-party? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Well that  do you want to call it sales, two-thirds, approximately two-thirds of Acxiom business is just managing first-party data, and we dont say that light and just managing. Remember, their management of first-party data is best-in-class. Forrester gives it the five star rating. Its well known in terms of their expertise in privacy. They are a trusted manager of first-party data. In fact, you know in the UK when they introduced GDPR, Acxiom played an important role, working with the regulators and executing those type of rules and regulations and inviting clients.So when we bought Acxiom, everyone misunderstood it to be, frankly the InfoBase, which is the third-party data management part of their offerings. Everyone focused on that part of the business. But the true core business of Acxiom is first-party data. And this year, theyve added new logos, their performance has been, as I said, very consistent with our business plan in terms of the acquisition. And thats a core competency that frankly, you dont see anywhere else. And well you know were sort of scratching the surface in terms of having IPG access to the first-party data management clients that Acxiom has and vice versa. And we wanted to make sure that we roll this out on a very even basis without overwhelming the Acxiom people.So the core first-party data business is a gem and its well respected. And frankly, now with the California privacy rules and more privacy rules throughout the United States, we see their expertise even more in demand and it just buttresses the fact that this will be a true game changer for us as we move forward. So the first-party data is critical to the success of Acxiom.The third-party data, you know, puts together sources from all over the globe. And it distinguishes Acxiom, frankly from the competition. And one of the questions thats come up is, you know, we dont have to use the InfoBase. Mediabrands has amped their own data source, which uses other third-party data. So its up to our clients to make sure which one is best suited for them. But we certainly have all the tools and resources with respect to third-party data at our demand, if you will and its being used very effectively with Kinesso and Acxiom together in terms of the value-based proposition and theyre bringing to the client.And candidly, you know, one of the questions is, is this thing hunting? And the answer is, yes, it is. You know, we had a number of client wins, particularly on the media side, where Kinesso working together with Mediabrands as well as Acxiom had made a difference in terms of the success of the pitch, plus the strength they have when they sit at a table with existing clients, I mean, this is the kind of stuff that clients are looking for. And we have them sitting at the table and the role of our top to top and open architecture positioning.With respect to cookies, I know everyones writing about it. Weve been worried about the cookies and the regulatory environment with respect to Google now for years, and were building up ways to work around it. Were highly confident that were working with Acxiom and Kinesso and all the other tools and resources that we have, that we will have a solution in place to address that issue. And were working closely with Google and the other providers to make sure that in fact happens. But that was one of the purposes of us buying Acxiom as well.So I think were really well positioned to the changes in the environment thats coming. And in fact, more than ever clients need the expertise that we bring to the table, which is why were so excited about not just Acxiom and Kinesso, but all of the offerings we have at IPG. When you put together on a team in terms of an open architecture, the creative capability, the activation capability, the experiential, the PR, the media capabilities and the secret sauce that comes out of Kinesso in terms of value propositions, its a very compelling offering. And I think you see the results in our organic growth.
Tim Nollen: Yeah, thats great. Thanks, Michael. Can I slip in a quick follow-up, which is also on Acxiom about the cost side, just maybe give us a quick review of what cost lines it impacts? And sort of what is the cost to run and maintain and invest in Acxiom?
Michael Roth: Well, this one, Ill let Ellen. Hows that?
Ellen Johnson: Listen, Acxiom is a great business from both the top line and the bottom line that were very pleased at. Their business mix is a little bit  more heavy weighted and office and general than SG&A. But all thats taken into account in the numbers you see on the forecast. But its a great business, both top and bottom line.
Michael Roth: Yeah, incidentally, one of the other differences is actually Acxiom has a different incentive plan. And its a little different than we traditionally have in our business. So thats also reflected in some of the numbers in terms of whether the O&G is up, whether the incentive comp is a little different, because they do have a different incentive plans and cost profiles.
Tim Nollen: Thats great. Thanks very much.
Michael Roth: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open.
Michael Nathanson: Hey, thank you. I have two, one on Acxiom and expecting one for Ellen. So Michael, one of the concerns I think we heard early on with Acxiom was we got two-thirds of business managing peoples first-party data, that the non-IPG clients would tend to leave just because theyd be concerned about being in the same, lets say marketing vertical as a competitor, maybe you know, an IPG client. So are you seeing any type of, you know, client pushback from the Acxiom clients that are non-IPG clients? Thats one.And then for Ellen, you talk a bit about what that working capital swing implies, the big benefit you had. Our deal terms, you know, improving a bit, does that imply a huge media spend in the fourth quarter, so anything kind of underlying the huge improvement in working capital for the quarter?
Michael Roth: Let me address the  we see zero conflict. That was part of our due diligence. When we did our due diligence on Acxiom, its a legitimate question. But if you look at financial services for example, which is one of the significant part of the Acxiom business, we dont see any potential conflict, where clients are worried about that. And in fact, sometimes it adds to their expertise, right? If you have  if you pretty much own a sector, and you had in the financial service sector where Acxiom manages first-party data for probably most of the top financial service companies, thats an expertise that is hard to come by, if theyre trusted. And in the due diligence we tested, not only with we test existing client relationships, they were onboarding a new client. And we tested to see how the new clients reaction to this. So the question of conflict with the Acxiom, first-party data I mean its totally an opportunity for us and not a conflict. And, you know, working capital, Ill let Ellen.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you.
Michael Roth: This is Ellens first call so Ill let Ellen answer the working capital.
Ellen Johnson: So working capital is something that we manage very closely, but its part of those. So, if you remember back in the 2018, we had a bigger use of working capital, and then 2019, it was a benefit. And the days that you get the collections and disbursements around yearned can vary from time to time, and cause that volatility, but nothing has really changed in the underlying either way we manage working capital or the things that were seeing in terms.
Michael Nathanson: Okay, thanks Ellen. Thanks Michael.
Michael Roth: You know, let me just make another point. I know all the questions are on Acxiom and it should be, because Acxiom is providing a significant advantage to us in the competitive marketplace. But we have the rest of our business, okay. And the rest of our business is doing pretty well. I mean, we have leading creative agencies in the world. We have each of our global networks for example, have different go-to-market strategies. When we put together our open architecture, we have the luxury of picking and choosing the best people in the business that have expertise in the client sector. And we can put them together on a seamless basis in open architecture. And if you look at McCann, you look at FCB, you look at MullenLowe and you look at our Independents, the Hill Holidays, the Martin Agency, these are world-class creatives and agencies that bring to the table, the secret sauce that puts all of this together. But and yes, Acxiom is great. And its you know its  when you look at it as a percentage of our overall business, you know, we dont want to lose sight of our PR business and all the other businesses that we have within our portfolio.And candidly, the strength of our results this year has been, its not just the Acxiom. Its all of our businesses that had those kind of capabilities. And when you look at our go-to-market strategy using open architecture, I mean, its compelling when you put them all together in a room, and the ability for us to replace one versus the other. I mean, this is real time, if one of the agencies is not performing well, these clients in the open architecture engagements say, were having a problem with XYZ in this country and we have the ability to pull an expertise under the open architecture model that is best-in-class. And we see it a lot in the healthcare side of the business. We have the expertise with  between FCB Health and McCann Health, that are world class, and they can focus on specific diseases and MedEd, and all these capabilities, and we have the luxury of being able to bring all these resources together on an open architecture basis. And thats whats driving our results. So I dont want everyone to lose sight of that part of it. Do I have time with one more question, Jeff?
Operator: You have the next  our final question comes from Jason Bazinet from Citi. Your line is now open.
Jason Bazinet: I hate to do this? But can I just go back and ask on the working capital side? I know you guys, you know had a big inflow in the fourth quarter. But sometimes you look back on the outflows for Q1 and it can be as low as $200 million, sometimes of $800 million. And as we all try and figure out sort of the cadence of your debt reduction and the pivot towards buybacks. Is there any color that you can provide in terms of expectations on working capital drag for the year?
Michael Roth: Yeah, I think this is normal. I mean, if you look back on a year-to-year basis, last year we were negative and we were strong in the first quarter. So its a timing and its all generated from our media business in particular. When we look at our cash flows, we look out on a full year basis. When we look to paying down debt, its based on our expected cash flow on a full year basis, and where were going to end up at year end. And I think its reasonable to assume that we will continue to pay debt significant amounts so that by yearend well be in a strong position to take a hard look at getting back into the buybacks side of that just and maintaining a strong investment grade rating and getting all of our ratings to where they should be in terms of solid investment grade. So we look at on a full year basis. You know, there were anomalies on quarter-to-quarter, and a lot of it has to do with the media side of the business, which is very robust for us so thats a positive.
Jason Bazinet: All right.
Michael Roth: Thats how we manage it.
Jason Bazinet: All right. Well look forward to the buybacks when they come.
Michael Roth: Okay. Yes, I know. Okay well thank you very much. And again, we appreciate all the support and we look forward to our first quarter call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group Third Quarter 2019 Conference Call. All lines are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website interpublic.com. This morning we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern.During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and our other filings with the SEC.We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that while not a substitute for GAAP measures allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial performance and operational performance.At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us, this morning, as we review our results for the third quarter and first nine months of 2019. As usual I'll start out by covering the highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide additional details, and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by our Q&A.We're pleased to report another quarter of solid financial performance. Organic growth of our net revenue was 1.4% in the quarter, that's on top of 5.4% a year ago, as well as revenue headwinds, which brings organic growth over the first nine months of this year to 3.5%. The organic growth of our international markets continues to be strong at 4.5% in the quarter driven by our performance in LatAm, Continental Europe and Canada. Growth slowed in the UK and Asia PAC continue to be challenging with varied performance by national markets.In the US our organic change with a negative 60 basis points against 5% growth in Q3 last year. This result includes underlying growth across many of our US agencies and disciplines, but as expected, also reflects headwinds from the account activity towards the end of last year, which we've talked about on previous calls. These losses year-over-year resulted in the US headwind of 4.8% in the quarter. Overall our performance, taking into account the headwinds and industry leading comes from last year, along with positive net new business this year, demonstrates that our business remains highly competitive and on the right track.Looking at our operating segments, our Integrated Agency Networks grew 1.2% organically in the third quarter led by Mediabrands and FCB Health. The impact of the headwinds is felt primarily in the IAN segments. Organic growth at our CMG segment was 2.1% based by Weber Shandwick, Octagon and FutureBrand. In terms of clients sectors, we saw continued global increases across a very broad range of verticals. That includes healthcare, financial services, retail, tech and telecom and consumer goods. The auto and transportation sector decreased mainly due to last headwinds.The total growth of our net revenue in the quarter was 8.7%. That includes organic growth, as well as the impact of year-over-year currency changes, plus acquisitions and dispositions. Within that we continue to be pleased with the growth of Acxiom which remains on track with our expectations with accretive growth and margin performance. It's worth noting that we made a handful of new debt dispositions in Q3 as we continue our actions with respect to small, non-strategic business units around the world.Turning to EBITDA and operating income in the quarter, EBITDA was 302 million, an increase of 8.7% from last year's third quarter adjusted EBITDA. Operating income was 280.3 million. Diluted earnings per share was $0.49 as adjusted for amortization of acquired intangibles and business disposition expenses and was $0.42 as reported.Looking at the first nine months of 2019, our organic growth was 3.5%, with contributions for both our IAN and CMG segments, driving adjusted EBITDA margin expansion of 90 basis points. Our growth is CMG was led by Weber Shandwick, Octagon and FutureBrand. IAN was led by IPG Mediabrands, and also highlighted by the growth of our global creatively led agency networks FCB McCann and MullenLowe.It continues to be clear that our strategic decisions and the execution by our operators continue to serve our clients distinctively well and set us apart in our industry. These include our open architecture structure, our sustained investment in strong agency brands, a foundation of digital competencies in all of our agencies, our commitment to transparency, and to best industry talent, and unique enterprise level data management capabilities.Therefore, heading into our important fourth quarter, we remain confident that the strength of our offerings, our performance to date, and the current tone of business have us well positioned to achieve our financial targets for the year. That is the high end of two to 3% organic growth, which is inclusive of headwinds and 40 to 50 basis points of margin expansion over last year's margin bringing us to 13.9% to 14%.At this point is my pleasure to turn things over to Frank for additional detail on our performance, and then I'll return with an update and highlight of our business.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael and good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast.On Slide 2, you'll see a summary of our results. Third quarter net revenue growth was 8.7%. Organic growth was 1.4% with international growth of 4.5%, while the US decreased 60 basis points to the impact of headwinds. As we have described previously, the headwinds are the results of the connectivity in the fourth quarter of last year namely FCA media, US Army and Volkswagen US, which together weighed on US growth by negative 4.8% in Q3.Q3 EBITDA was 302 million compared to the adjusted EBITDA of 277.8 million a year ago, an increase of 8.7%. For the quarter adjusted diluting earnings per share was $0.49. The adjustments exclude the amortization of acquired intangibles and exclude non-operating losses due to the disposition of certain small non-strategic agencies.Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. On Slide 4 for Q3 and nine months net revenue, net revenue in the quarter was 2.06 billion compared to Q3 '18, the impact of the change and exchange rates was a negative 1.3% with the dollar stronger at all of our International regions. Net acquisitions and divestitures added 8.6%, which includes the impact of Acxiom and smaller acquisitions less our dispositions. The resulting organic increase was 1.4%.As a reminder beginning in the fourth quarter Acxiom's revenue growth will become a component of our organic revenue change. At the bottom of the slide, we break out our operating segments. As you can see, our IAN segment grew 1.2% organically. Underneath that result was growth in media led by IPG Mediabrands, and our global creatively led integrated offerings, notably FCB health and McCann World Group.Total Revenue Growth at IAN was 10.3%, which reflects acquisitions including Acxiom, dispositions concurrency changes. At our CMG segment organic growth was 2.1% in the quarter driven by our branding specialist FutureBrand, Octagon and sports entertainment marketing and Weber Shandwick and public relations.Moving on to Slide 5, revenue by region, in the US our third quarter organic change was a decrease of 60 basis points against last year's 5% and weighed down by the impact of headwinds that we're working through. In our IAN segment, we continue to see solid growth from our global creatively led integrated offerings at FCB and MullenLowe and from Carmichael Lynch. It's worth noting that total US growth was 13.1% due to the net impact of acquisitions, including Acxiom less dispositions.In our international markets, we had another strong quarter with organic growth of 4.5%. In the UK, organic growth was 0.5%, which is on top of 6.8% a year ago. Mediabrands and Weber Shandwick lead our growth in the quarter. While our growth slowed or the first three months period due to normal variability in projects, it follows three years of very strong growth in the third quarter in the UK. In Continental Europe organic growth continued strong at 6.6% on top of 5.8% a year ago. This was highlighted by increases in Germany, France and Italy.In Asia PAC net organic revenue decreased 50 basis points in Q3. Among our largest markets, we again had solid growth in Japan and India. But that was all set by soft results in China and Australia. In LatAm we grew 23% organically, with strong organic growth across the region led by Brazil. Organic growth in the region was 24% over the first nine months. In our other markets group organic growth was 3.5% led by Canada.Moving on to Slide 6 and operating expenses, which were again well controlled in the quarter? A ratio of total salaries and related expense to revenue was 64.7%, an improvement 130 basis points from a year ago. The improvement reflects our discipline in the organic growth of expenses and the benefit from the consolidation of Acxiom. Underneath that with solid operating leverage on our base payroll benefits and tax and our expense for incentive comp, temporary labor, and all of the salaries related expenses.At quarter end total headcount was approximately 54,300, an increase of 5.7% from a year ago, mainly due to the addition of Acxiom. Our office and other direct expenses was 17.8% of third quarter net revenue compared with 16.7% a year ago. Within Office and other, we leverage our expenses for occupancy by 50 basis points from a year ago. That was more than offset by the addition of Acxiom, which is accretive to our overall margins, while consolidating relatively more investment in data and technical.Our SG&A expense was 50 basis points of Q3 net revenue, which is the same as a year ago after adjustments for deal expenses in Q3 '18. Our expense for depreciation and amortization increased due to the consolidation of Acxiom this year.On Slide 7, we present detail on our adjustments to reported results on the quarter in order to provide better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left hand side with a reported results and steps through from an operating income to EBITDA and our adjusted diluted EPS.Our amortization expense acquired and intangibles was 21.7 million resulting in either of 302 million. Below operating expense we lost in the quarter of 7.7 million in other expense related the disposition of a few small non-strategic agencies. At the foot of this slide, you can see the after tax impact for diluted share of these two adjustments. They net to $0.07 per share. The difference between the reported diluted EPS $0.42 and adjusted of $0.49.On Slide 8, we show similar adjustments to results for the first nine months. This also brings in the impact of the restructuring charge from Q1 and the tax elements from our second quarter. As you can see on the last line, this is a bridge between $0.84 per diluted share and $1.05 which compares to $0.97 per share in 2018.On Slide 9, we turn the cash flow in the third quarter. Cash from operations was 225 million compared with 231 million a year ago. Within that working capital used 47 million a typical level given the seasonality of our business, compared to a use of 30 million in Q3 '18. Investing activities used a net 43 million in the quarter primarily related to CapEx.Our financing activities used a net 253 million in the quarter including another 200 million toward repayment of our term note and 90.8 million for our common stock dividend, offset by 41 million and increase in our short term borrowings. Financing cash flow a year ago reflects the issuance of long term debt during the quarter in anticipation of closing our acquisition of Acxiom. Our net decrease in cash for the quarter was 93 million.Slide 10 is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with 520 million cash and cash equivalents. Our cash balance a year ago, which is on the far right of a slide includes proceeds of debt issued to finance the Acxiom acquisition. Slide 11 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt, with total debt at quarter end of 3.6 billion, a decrease of 200 million during the quarter.In summary on Slide 12, our growth and margin expansion over the first nine months of the year have us well positioned to deliver on our financial targets as we head into our very important fourth quarter. Our teams continue to execute very well. Our balance sheet continues to be a strong and meaningful source of value creation.With that, I'll turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. Our results reflect a quarter of solid financial performance and position us to achieve our 2019 financial targets. The organic revenue growth we've posted despite headwinds and challenging comps is a clear signal that our existing clients remain in an investment mode when it comes to our services. And that our agencies continue to add value and are sought out by new clients, which is why we're net new business positive this year.Growth in the quarter came from a range of IPG agencies, regions and clients sectors, demonstrating the depth of a strong agency brands, our innovative offerings and our talented people. Our continued strength in the market is due to a series of strategic steps we have taken over many years at IPG. We recognized early on that consistent investment in top industry talent and in IPG agency brands and the vibrant individual cultures would be essential for long term success. We brought top strategic, digital and creative leadership to IPG. And have deployed this talent to build great teams, and customized programs that add value and win market share for clients.We also invested in embedding modern digital offerings and expertise into all of our agency brands. We pioneered the open architecture model, which brings the best agnostic solutions to global clients in a way that moves their brands across the consumer landscape. This client centric approach is currently deployed across many of our largest clients worldwide. Open architecture is enabling clients to reap the benefits of all of IPG's assets; customized offerings that help them address the demands of a fragmented consumer and media environment.To note Acxiom now has a prominent seat at the table with our top open architecture clients. That is because clients increasingly recognize that the future of marketing is data driven. Marketers are looking to leverage their own first party data, coupled with other strategic data sets to create more seamless and connected consumer experiences at scale. What that means is that expertise in managing first party data and PII at scale is indispensable for a high value media and marketing services partner. Ultimately, we are seeking to achieve people based marketing.As such, we will be held accountable to meet an elevated set of demands and responsibilities for ethical sourcing, collection, curation and compliant deployment of data from all sources, including third parties. That is why we feel very strongly that what is worth owning is the highest level of capability and expertise in data management. That is a significant and increasingly necessary differentiator in today's world. It makes the company like ours a more strategic business partner for our clients.Looking forward, there are many ways more data use cases that we are increasingly getting involved with ranging from powering ecommerce to the execution of true omni channel media, which is why we launched Kinesso this quarter, which brings together top data and technology talent with addressable media experts and will allow us to further leverage Acxiom's assets, as well as other Mediabrands ad tech and martech capabilities.This new technology layer within our offerings will build software products to help all of our agencies deliver precision marketing for their clients, combined with the capabilities of our media companies, along with our creative and marketing service agencies. Kinesso will enable our clients to drive better outcomes through marketing that is faster, more efficient, and informed by a conscious commitment to data ethics.Turning to the highlights from the quarter of how our agencies are delivering ideas and results for our clients, you get a sense of the powerful opportunity that we feel lies ahead for our organization. In our Integrated Agency Network, Mediabrands led our growth in the quarter, posting a very strong performance. The groups saw exciting leadership changes as we elevated the CEO of Mediabrands to be the new Chief Operating Officer of IPG and elevated to other long term executives to fill in the CEO roles at Mediabrands and UM. These changes highlight the strong and orderly internal succession planning we have in place at our company.Speaking of UM, the media agency continued to grow in the third quarter. They've retained this relationship with CVS and Aetna health as part of that review. The agency also won the Levi's America media account, supported by FCB West, the clients existing creative agency. Acxiom talent and expertise played an important role in both of these significant wins, particularly the CVS Aetna win.AdWeek recently named UM Canada and UM New York media plan of the year winners. Initiative also posted a very good quarter. If LEGO Avengers work and FDA One leaves were both awarded media plan of the year and the agency picked up global media duties for delivery in most all world markets. All in, four IPG agencies were recognized with eight media plans of the Year awards, far surpassing any other holding company.FCB also grew in the third quarter with several new assignments in North America and strong organic and new business growth from its health operations. The agency network had its best year at the Clio Awards, winning several grand Clios and 12 gold's. FCB health had a dominant showing at the Medical Marketing and Media Awards, taking home gold and silver in the large agency of the year category, and titanium for Best in Show. Recently, the network announced the new North American structure that unlocks new capabilities for clients with the expansion of its FCB/SIX creative data offering and will promote greater interagency collaboration.McCann World Groups saw continued growth globally, especially in LatAm where it was named network of the year at the Latin American Effie Awards during the quarter. And just last week, McCann World Group was named European agency network of the year at 2019 European Effie Awards. On the new business front McCann brought on Fujifilm globally and the UK saw a number of new business wins, including Lloyds Pharmacy. At the Clio awards, McCann, New York was named agency of the year taking home a number of grand Clios.MullenLowe Group saw particularly strength in the US from a number of new business wins. MullenLowe won Humana and Tax Act. MullenLowe and Mediahub collaborated to bring in the Navy Federal Credit Union. The agency's integrated media arm was also selected for the twitch business and its new balance work was named media plan of the year in the best use of streaming media OTT category.Celebrating its first year with our company Acxiom continues to expand its role with clients and our agencies. Acxiom designs and runs the data infrastructure for many of the world's most sophisticated marketers. The scale at which they operate handling billions of client records safely and getting the most value from them in ways that are respectful of the consumer gives clients comfort that they are working with a company that has deep expertise in data management, ethics and privacy.Brooklyn based Huge unveiled a new operating model as the agency elevated key leadership roles and streamlined its US offering. The agency also saw a number of new business wins in the third quarter, including AccuWeather and ecommerce car buying platform RumbleOn. The agency continues to strengthen and grow its business and product innovation capabilities as well.Highlights at R/GA in the quarter included growth with new clients including Airbnb and Flex, as well as growth with existing clients. Additionally, R/GA Ventures announced its Oregon Enterprise Blockchain Venture Studio during the quarter. The six participating companies presented a demo day this month, aimed at building a scalable blockchain based ecosystem.Our US integrated independent agencies round out the portfolio. They deliver the full suite of marketing services to their clients, and also combined with the rest of our offerings on the collaborative open architecture solutions. Highlighted within this group came from Carmichael Lynch, which delivered strong growth in the quarter of such notable clients at Subaru and XL Energy.At Deutsch we recently announced that both the New York and LA offices will be led by women CEOs from within that agency. In recent months, the Deutsch LA office was awarded Behr Paint, Mattel and global dot com redesign responsibilities for the Almond Board of California, while New York secured Reebok, Michelob Ultra, Budweiser and J&Js Attune. The Martin Agency continues to show good progress with existing clients and was recently awarded media plan of the year and the best use of social category. The agency also one DoorDash and just released its first creative work for the brand.Turning to CMG, Weber Shandwick recently added Best Buy Canada and US AAA to its client roster. The agency was named the most admired PR agency among leading in house communications and brand marketing released by the homes report. Jack Morton our experiential agency debuted new work for brands including MillerCoors, HSBC, Facebook, Google and Peet's Coffee. For the current NFL season, the agency created the broadcast environments for five major networks.Octagon also had a strong quarter adding new corporate clients LinkedIn and the National Women's Soccer League and also celebrated major victories from athletes it represents, including Bianca Andreescu's win in the US Open Women's Championship, as well as Simone Biles historic performance at the Gymnastics World Championship.In total we're pleased that through nine months, IPG continues to perform a head of industry norms. It shows that our investment in people and in modern digital and data fueled offering is succeeding and that our focus on a client centric open architecture model is the right formula.Turning to our outlook, we're confident that our performance to date, assets and track to deliver growth at the high end of our 2% to 3% organic growth range. In addition, we continue to be comfortable with our target for adjusted EBITDA margin expansion of 40 to 50 basis points over the last year's 13.5%. We view our current performance and long term strategy as significant factors that will continue to enhance shareholder value. As always, we remain committed to a strong balance sheet, significant reduction in debt as well as continuing to grow our dividend and in time returning to share repurchases.With that I'll open up the call to your question. Thank you.
Operator: We will now begin our formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question is coming from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Thanks so much. Just a couple of questions, I guess the first one is there's always been a bit of a disconnect between Wall Street and Main Street and I'm wondering if you can kind of give us a color of how your clients are viewing the world from an advertising perspective. Are they incrementally nervous about the economy? I know it's a little early, but I think in a few weeks or so you start talking a bit about budgets for next year, just curious of any color on that?
Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia. You didn't ask me what our performance was last week and now you're [indiscernible]. Yeah, look, there's definitely a disconnect between business and what's happening in the stock market and in the global world, if you will, in terms of what's happening there. The uncertainty obviously is not helpful. And clients  as everyone just continues to look to see what's going to come of it. That said, I think if you look at our performance, they continue to invest in their brands, and they need partners such as the offerings that we have to help them move the needle. I think it proves that what we do actually works. And the conversations are really focused on how can we help them move the needle? And as long as we have the offerings, which is what we were building here at IPG to help them move the needle. They have the money and they're willing to spend. The difference I would say between now and  in a stronger environment is the process that we go through is very project oriented, we're seeing that. They're very focused on return on investment, which is why it's so important that we have the appropriate data analytics to reach the right consumers with the right message. But that said, they're very willing and ready to spend money on offerings that help move the needle. So like everyone else, they're concerned, but they realize that what we do actually works and they have to spend dollars to build their brands. It's a very competitive world out there. As I've said before, there are a lot of offerings out there chasing the same revenue. And it's very important for us to differentiate ourselves in the marketplace, which is exactly what we do by using open architecture, by bringing in Acxiom, by focusing on our creative capabilities, our digital and our experiential and PR work all sitting at the same table. So I think the answer is if we have a strong offering that we can prove works, clients if they're still willing to spend those dollars to move the needle.
Alexia Quadrani: Just looking at I guess that your full your guidance and given what you just had added some more project based work, your full your guide does suggest some softening in Q4 and I'm just wondering if you're building in some conservatism just given the higher level of uncertainty, some more project work at your end or is there some incremental headwinds that you can pinpoint?
Michael Roth: Well, we're still going to have headwinds in the fourth quarter as we had in this quarter and it'll be of similar magnitude, right? And, and frankly, it'll roll a little bit into first quarter and second quarter of next year. That said, when we set our guidance, we do it from the bottoms up. We do it on a full year basis. We start at the beginning of the year, and we adjust it as we go through the year. So our guidance is on the high end of the 3%, takes into consideration what our operators are seeing in the marketplace. What our contracts provide? And what projects we have in the pipeline that we think will result in our organic growth for the quarter? Look, you know this, our fourth quarter is very important to us. It's dependent upon projects. It's dependent upon completing a number of proposals we have with existing clients. So I wouldn't say there's conservatism in there, I would say that it's our best shot at looking at what we think we'll be able to deliver for the year.
Alexia Quadrani: And just lastly on the new business, and I know you have some headwinds that you have to still circle through to the beginning of 2020, but you've had some great wins this year. Do you think from a net new business perspective, I guess where you are now looking for the full year next year, are you in a positive position or is it still going to be a bit of a challenge given some of those previous losses?
Michael Roth: Well, I like I said we're going to have headwinds in the first and second quarter, but we are a net new business positive year-to-date and we hope will finish that way for the rest of the year. So, but for our  you're right [ph] here I go, I was wondering how long it would take me to do this. But for our headwinds we have a very strong organic growth number right now. And I think that's the point that our existing clients and our new wins reflect a solid economy out there where clients are willing to spend. So I think we're well positioned given our new business performance. And as we cycle through these headwinds, we'll be posting good, decent, leading industry organic growth, I hope.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is coming from Dan Salmon, BMO Capital Markets.
Dan Salmon: Good morning, everybody. Mike, I just wanted to follow up on your comments and Frank mentioned it as well about a couple of divestitures in the quarter and I guess not so much the ones that you made specifically, but just taking it up to a high level. Is this sort of the new normal for the holding companies right here? If we go back over the past decade, generally the group was consistently adding assets over time. And it was a little different for IPG in the early days, but over the past few years, obviously, we're still seeing some bigger deals yourselves included. But we've also seen this sort of consistent trimming. Do you think that's the new normal for the for the industry or yourselves in particular? And then maybe either one of you, I'd love to hear just a little bit about as Acxiom does go into the organic number  it has been in the organic number since October 1. I know you won't comment on how it's been so far this quarter, but just maybe, what was it sort of glide path I guess, as it headed from September 30 into October 1? Was it in line with your expectations, anything sort of performing better or worse? And maybe in particular, if you can give a little color on it is, it has traditionally been a little bit more of a US oriented business. And having seen that number of negative this quarter on the organic side is there a potential that it can be a boost there? So thank you.
Michael Roth: All of that okay. First let me comment on Acxiom, Acxiom continuous to deliver, as I said in my remarks, consistent with what we expected in terms of our acquisition. And when I say that I say, anticipating the same for the rest of the year, that's built into our numbers. We knew that was going to be in our numbers in the fourth quarter. So that number is all inclusive. I think the important part of Acxiom, one is that the data management business continues to perform well, they're best in class and that's two thirds of their business. They've added some new logos. We don't talk about specific clients of Acxiom for various reasons, but they've added some new logos, which is great. But I think the real important point is that Acxiom has been part of a number of our new business wins. And frankly, working with existing clients and adding value to our existing clients, which I hope will lead to retention particularly on the media side. So we're very pleased the way  first of all that Acxiom has been integrated into our business. Basically, the integration of Acxiom into IPG is done. And frankly, I know that was one of the questions in our industry, whether we can absorb companies like this. So I think we've proven that we can and they continue to add value to us.The question of dispositions is an interesting one, if you go back to the history of the holding companies, they're a bunch of series of roll ups. MullenLowe was a great example. They had global clients, particularly Unilever, which we had locations all over the world and we had agencies supporting that business all over the world. And there were partnerships. There were joint ventures. There were stand alone. We had agreements with them, but the world doesn't operate that way anymore. And the need for us to have all these standalone agencies in countries that, frankly, take up a lot of management time, some are actually losing money. So it's diluted to our margin. To maximize our returns and maximize our margin expansion, we have to look at whether there's other ways of doing business in those markets without having standalone agencies. So that's what this reflects. And I suspect you're seeing that for all the holding companies. It's interesting to ask, when you ask these global clients do you need an agency in this market, the answer is no. And when that's true, then we look at the local markets excels and whether the return on investment makes sense in the local markets. And if we can have a contractual relationship with those agencies, to provide the services that are necessary for our global clients. That's fine for us. And we can focus on management to growth in the bigger markets. So I think it's something you're going to see throughout the industry.And I think what you've seen us taking a hard look at are we in the right markets with the right offerings and how should we position with respect to those markets. And that's why you see us adding to the disposition. It's not that we're cutting back on acquisition. It's we're focusing on the efficiencies of how we do business in the world today. In the US, we continue to  but for the headwinds in the US, most of the headwinds, the 4.8% that we've referenced are in the US. So it's the first time we've had a negative organic growth in the quarter that I can remember, actually and it's all due to the headwinds that we're going through. Again, if you pull out the headwinds, we're doing pretty well in the US. So we have to go find a new client to replace those headwinds. And again, the other reality of our business these days is that you don't have these big clients. It's more  it's a bunch of doubles and singles as opposed to home run. But we're doing a pretty good job at that, which is why we're net new business positive and a fair amount of that is in the US. And remember 64% of our business is in the US and it's a healthy market in the United States.
Dan Salmon: Very thorough. Thank you, Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks, guys. Good morning. I don't know if you're able to help us on the account loss headwinds as we move into Q4, Q1, but is this the sort of peak quarter you gave us that I think was a 4.8%? I think that's the number headwind this quarter. Does that number  is this sort of the peak headwind given you've got some nice wins that start to offset that and if you want to be that specific? And then just on Acxiom Michael, just from an organization perspective, would you say that the sort of the team is in place integrated into the organization to the point that you're sort of satisfied? There's not a lot more in the way of reorganizations. And how does Kinesso fit into how Acxiom goes to market? Or is that more of an internally facing organization, just maybe flesh out that announcement, which I think is something you guys think is, is pretty meaningful?
Michael Roth: Yeah, well, that. Look, the headwinds. I said  I just said in the fourth quarter, they're similar to what we had in the third quarter. And they do spill into the first and second quarter, but not certainly of that magnitude. Okay. But we are net new business positive and we're working our way through that. As far as Acxiom, yeah, I think when we say - our board was very specific when we proposed the acquisition of Acxiom. We had to have an integration plan in place. We have teams and I think they've done a tremendous job. One of the reasons we've been able to do this is the cultures of Acxiom and IPG are so similar. So the hard parts were the legacy systems were  even incentive comps and things like that. And we're in good shape in terms of integrating Acxiom. So I would say that we're pretty much 100% there, maybe we're 90% there, there's still bits and pieces. But the integration of Acxiom has gone better than planned actually and we're actually moving people within IPG. We've moved some people into Kinesso which I'll talk about to help that. So we're very pleased with how Acxiom has been integrated and the added value that we see. Remember Acxiom is data management, all right and Kinesso has not changed its core business at Acxiom of managing first party data. So a lot of the questions are why didn't we just put this in Acxiom? Why don't we take Acxiom and put them in Kinesso?Acxiom is a standalone business. It's a great business. Two thirds of their business is data management and that's the way it's going to stay as an independent company. What we've done in Kinesso, if you think of it, think of Acxiom is providing the data information and capabilities to Kinesso and the technology is itself in the Kinesso base. So the company itself  think of it as a technology arm. And then on top of that, you add the services part of it, which is like the Cadreon and other creative assets that are available to Kinesso through integration with our creative agencies. So there are three legs, the data, the technology and the services. And Cadreon is the one piece of Mediabrands that actually was put into Kinesso. So that is a standalone company, we're really excited about it, we're going to start rolling that out. We already have in terms of working with Mediabrands in particular because of the value added in that environment. And in fact, we mentioned that Acxiom has been very helpful in terms of new media wins. The value proposition of Kinesso was a good part of that in terms of the wins. So we're very happy with the opportunities in Kinesso and I would look to 2020 before we really start seeing the impact of this, but we're pretty excited about it.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks, Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Steven Cahall, Wells Fargo.
Steven Cahall: Thanks, maybe first follow up on Acxiom. I think you said it's on track and its growth is accretive. I think you've previously talked about it growing around mid-single digits. So I was just wondering if you can speak to maybe what the organic growth to that has been. And also maybe any connections that you're seeing with the rest of IPG to kind of get one plus one equals three in terms of new business for either Acxiom or IPG?
Michael Roth: Yeah, great, what we said is we will look into about a 5% growth for Acxiom. We said that in our business plan, and when I say Acxiom continues to deliver consistent with its business plan, you can assume that's where it's coming from. So we don't break out the growth of Acxiom separately, but you can use that as a number. And yeah, the integration of Acxiom in terms of the rest of IPG, obviously, as I said, on the media side of the business it's been very active in terms of the value propositions that the media teams are using both UM and Initiatives. So they've been very helpful and we haven't yet  although on some unique cases used the strength of Acxiom and Kinesso yet with respect to some of our other global networks, but that's on the horizon. And we have them lining up asking for assistance. In fact, one of our agencies is involved in a pitch right now. And I think today, they're going to have a conversation with the Acxiom team and Kinesso to see how they can help in the pitch. And this is a creative pitch. So we're very happy to see that happening. And it's all part of our open architecture model. It's a core part of what we do in the marketplace. And it resonates exceptionally well with our global clients.I've had a number of meetings with our global clients that are actually calling out open architecture to me and the team which is great. And sitting, sitting at the table you have McCann you have FCB, you have Weber Shandwick, you have R/GA, you have Mediabrands and you have Acxiom. You put all of those people together on the room focusing on a single client. And that's exactly what market demands and what clients want to see. And to the extent we can show that we can work together on a client basis, bringing all these resources together, there's no need for them to use anyone else. And the relationship we develop as a business partner to our clients is indestructible when that works correctly. So that's the whole premise. And that's the differentiator between IPG and the other agencies. Open architecture is at our core, collaboration is at our core. We didn't have to break up all of our agencies and put them together in one silo. We build our brands. Our brands are  we're very proud of each of our brands. The retention of the talent, the creative capability within those brands is world class.And why would we break those up. All of it is accounting and all you have to do is put these people in a room and work together and magic comes out of it. So that's our whole go to market strategy. And frankly, that's why we've been performing the way we have and clients know that. And they're asking us for the rest of IPG coming to the table. And on the question Acxiom, we still have the opportunity of Acxiom clients bringing IPG into the Acxiom clients. It takes a little bit longer in terms of that kind of relationship, but we're already starting doing that as well. So I think the opportunities that are in front of us are good and we're positioned as a company to meet those demands. We have the talent, we have the tools, we have the resources and we have the will to make it happen. So I'm kind of encouraged and optimistic in terms of what we bring to the marketplace and how we can differentiate ourselves in the marketplace
Steven Cahall: And then I had two quick follow ups. Maybe first you talked about the 2.5 times leverage, can you just remind us what your commitment is to the debt markets before you might think about buying back stock again. And then lastly, you've had some recent promotions in the C-suite that you mentioned, maybe you can just speak a little bit to the transition there. And I'd love to know, Michael, any thoughts on maybe your time left at IPG? Because the Wall Street Journal says your successor might now be in line. So if you can comment on that, that'd be great? Thanks.
Michael Roth: What was your first question? The leverage, I know. Look, we don't have any leverage guidelines. We've already  as you saw in the quarter, we paid down 200 million. Our commitment to our rating agencies is we'll maintain a strong balance sheet, we want to retain our investment grade rating, but it's on the horizon. Frankly, we meet regularly to figure out how far we have to bring that down before we can get back into share buybacks, though it's on the horizon, we won't commit to a date. We want to make sure our balance sheet is as strong as it could be. No one's asked yet about the potential of a recession. But everyone talks about it. And we want to make sure we have a balance sheet that continues to be strong in the event, something like that that should happen, so all these factors go into place when we make that determination. That said, we're still paying dividends, we still increase dividends. We believe we've had no need to do any large transactions. I think what you'll see on the acquisition side are very strategic and smaller transactions that are either geographic or discipline or just talent. So there's no need for our excess capital internally. So obviously, returning that to our shareholders is a paramount objective to us. And we'll continue to look at the dividend to accomplish that until we get our levels at a reasonable rate  place and so that we can go be back in the market buying shares.On the promotions, obviously, with Philippe coming on board as Chief Operating Officer, that's a recognition of his contributions throughout the whole senior management team and his role played in the turnaround of IPG. We're very proud of it. Obviously, when myself and the board made that decision, it positions Philippe in a very strong way in terms of succession. We have a succession plan in place. What I love about the promotions, Daryl and Eileen at Mediabrands, these are all whether it be Kim or Will at Deutsch, these are all internal promotions, and it's the strength of our talents. And we don't need to go outside in most cases for promoting from within. So I think our responsibility as a leadership and as a board is to make sure that there's a succession plan in place, not just for my job, but for everybody's job within the company, which is why we do talent reviews, and we have a pretty clear plan in terms of next steps and so on. So when it comes to making those decisions, we're very well positioned. And that's another factor that I believe distinguishes us from our competition. We don't have to go to the outside. As far as my timing goes, as I said, I'm on the back nine as opposed to the front nine. And obviously I can't keep doing this forever. And my responsibility to the board is make sure that everything's in place at IPG that I committed to and working with our team. And when that happens, that's what will happen.
Steven Cahall: Great, thank you.
Michael Roth: Okay.
Operator: The next question is coming from Tim Nollen, Macquarie. Your line is open.
Tim Nollen: Thanks. I'd like to touch back on not so much Acxiom itself, but I guess the role of data and a lot of discussions on privacy are continuing to go on here. We've got this California CCTP Act coming on I think in short order. Europe is looking at the big internet companies are looking at programmatic buying, perhaps challenging the GDPR precepts, US looking at internet companies. I just wonder what can you tell us about the role of data and some privacy concerns out there with advertising in general and then maybe how Acxiom, you've said before actually can help you with this. Could you maybe elaborate on those two points, please?
Michael Roth: Yeah, sure, well, I don't think it's a secret. With GDPR we see it already in places. I think it's in January, in California and other states have adopted similar requirements and which is why, by the way, we support the Business Roundtable position on our federal GDPR. I mean, it's not easy to do it on a state by state basis, each of the states are going to require different things. And therefore, it's going to cause a great deal of additional work for our clients as well as us. And if we had a federal legislation that covers it, it's an important issue. I think it's pretty clear that it's here to stay. And regulation in this area is important. And the more unified that legislation, the better it is. So we endorse the Business Roundtable statement. One of the things about Acxiom is its expertise in privacy. For us that has this five stars, it's one of the most highly regarded data management companies and privacy is a critical piece of that. So we view our expertise of Acxiom as critical as clients are looking for ways to deal with the GDPR and privacy rules in general. And again, that's another reason we found the acquisition of Acxiom to be an important part of a differentiator for us going forward. So, yes, it's one of the most important issues we have to face. And yes, we have the capabilities to help implement that with our clients.
Tim Nollen: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is coming from David Joyce, Evercore ISI.
David Joyce: Thank you, wanted to ask about the impact of addressable advertising across media platforms on your business model. Are you seeing any change in client budget allocations yet towards addressable? And how does that impact you since some of the promises of addressable are for perhaps less budget and you met less investment by greater ROI, but on the flip side of that it's a very complex environment with a lot of players with the different array of services, just wondering how we think about that evolution in your growth.
Michael Roth: Yeah, I mean, it's a very important factor. Frankly, Kinesso is one of the reasons we have Kinesso and one of the key offerings that there if you couple of Cadreon with the data capabilities of Acxiom that's what's Cadreon uses and addresses addressable markets. And so therefore, that's one of the reasons we created Kinesso to be in a position to work with our clients. And yeah, there's a shift moving from TV to digital. We see that in terms of having TV and linear TV pass digital in terms of total spend. So, all of this is frankly, why we bought Acxiom and why we isolated certain aspects of that in Kinesso so the value proposition that we can bring to our clients in terms of addressable, finding the right individuals and think of it as looking for individuals, not just groups of people and on a cleanse basis. So yeah, I think it's happening in the marketplace. And we add value when those issues come up. So when clients ask about it, that's good for us because if we can be in front of our clients showing our capabilities it enhances to the relationship significantly.
David Joyce: Right, thank you.
Michael Roth: Okay.
Operator: And the last question is coming from Jason Bazinet of Citi. Your line is open?
Jason Bazinet: I just had a macro question. If I look back over the last, whatever, 20 years, there's been sort of two recessions and certainly the most recent one, though, '08, '09 was non-typical. And you could almost argue a one wasn't typical. If we enter the garden variety recession will you guys go through your model to sort of stress test it? Would you say it is reasonable in terms of top line compression and expenses that can come out?
Michael Roth: Yeah. Well, look, we hope. I don't see any signs of a 2008 and '09 recession right now. And even with the talk  a lot of people are talking about if there's a recession, it's going to be a recession light, whatever that means. But in 2008 and '09 marketing dollars dropped and there was no capital. I mean, it was it was a whole different world. I think we've taken the position already. That's why we're able to expand margins like you're seeing is that we match revenue and expense very carefully. All of our agencies have very strong disciplines that before they add headcount, it has to be associated with revenue. Well, the fact that we're doing the dispositions on those countries that we're not necessary to be in all leads itself to margin expansion, efficiencies and protecting our P&L in the event that a recession comes. So the one thing we've learned since '08 and '09 is how to manage expenses. And it's part of every business review we have, that we take a look at what actions would unnecessary. And because we're a variable cost model, you look at the headcount and SRS. And so we have governors on all of our incentive comp calculations to make sure that all of those are in line with predetermined levels. So we're comfortable that in the event we do get a recession light that we're well positioned. And frankly, we're at a point where we need organic growth to expand margin. So there's no question that if there's no organic growth and it's going to be hard to expand margin, But I think we've been able to show just in this quarter that if there's a lower organic growth we're still able to expand margin by doing the things I just talked about.
Jason Bazinet: Understood. Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Okay, well, I thank you all for participating and we look forward to our next conversation regarding our final year results. Thank you.
Operator: We conclude today's conference. All parties may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group Second Quarter 2019 Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website interpublic.com. This morning we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 A.M. Eastern Time.During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and our other filings with the SEC.We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that while not a substitute for GAAP measures allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial performance and operational performance.At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us, this morning, as we review our results for this quarter and first six months of 2019. As usual I'll start out by covering the highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide additional details, and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by our Q&A.Pleased to report another quarter of solid financial performance. Organic growth of net revenue was 3.0% in the quarter. That's on top of 5.6% a year ago and brings organic growth over the first six months of this year to 4.6%.Regionally, organic growth in our international markets continue to be strong at 6.5% in the quarter, driven by our performance across LatAm, Continental, Europe, and the U.K. In the U.S., organic growth was 0.6% against 4.6% growth last year. This result reflects growth in the quarter across many of our U.S. agencies and disciplines bode by headwinds from the account activity toward the end of last year which we have talked about on previous calls.These losses year-over-year resulted in a U.S. headwind of 3.8% in the quarter. The growth we saw despite the headwinds and industry-leading comps from last year along with our win rate this year demonstrates that our business remains solid.In our Integrated Agency Networks or IAN segment, global organic growth was 3.2% in the second quarter led by Mediabrands and FCB Health along with contributions from McCann Worldgroup, R/GA, MullenLowe, and Huge.Our CMG segment grew 1.9% organically paced by another advance in public relations with notably strong performance by Weber Shandwick and by Octagon and FutureBrand.Among client sectors globally, we saw strong growth across healthcare, financial services, industrials, consumer goods, tech and telecom, and retail. The total growth of our net revenue was 9.1% in the second quarter and was 11% in the first half. That includes organic growth, acquisitions and dispositions, as well as the impact of year-over-year currency changes. Within that we continue to be pleased with the growth of Acxiom which remains on track with our expectations and continues to be accretive to growth and margins.Turning to EBITA and the operating income. Second quarter EBITA was $285.5 million, an increase of 12.2% from last year's second quarter. Operating income was $264.2 million. EBITA margin as a percent of net revenue in the quarter increased 30 basis points to 13.4% from last year's EBITA margin. For the first six months our adjusted EBITA margin increased 140 basis points from a year ago.Second quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.43 and was $0.46 as adjusted which compares to $0.44 a year ago. Looking at the quarter and the first half, our performance means that the year is off to a solid start. Our client-centric integrated offerings continue to drive highly competitive global growth and the quality of our talent continues to strengthen our offerings. This is further reflected in very high levels of recognition accorded our people and our agencies once again this year in industry awards such as the Cannes Festival of Creativity and in other key industry rankings.Turning to our outlook, you'll recall that we came into the year with financial targets of 2% to 3% organic growth and 40 to 50 basis points of margin expansion. At mid-year, we're confident that our performance to-date and the current tone of business have us on track to deliver at the high end of that range and that is inclusive of headwinds.In addition, we continue to be comfortable with our target for EBITA margin expansion of 40 to 50 basis points over last year's 13.5%. As always, we'll update our outlook as the year progresses.At this point, it's my pleasure to turn things over to Frank for additional detail on our performance and I'll return with an update and highlights of our businesses. Frank?
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael and good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, you'll see a summary of our results. Second quarter net revenue growth was 9.1%. Organic growth was 3% with the U.S. being 0.6% international at 6.5%. Q2 EBITA of $285 million, which compares with $254.4 million a year ago, an increase of 12.2%.For the quarter, adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.46. The adjustments exclude the amortization of acquired intangibles and exclude non-operating losses due to disposition of certain small non-strategic agencies. We also adjust for the benefit of certain tax settlements in the quarter.Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Here it's worth noting a small restructuring charge, $2.1 million to fine-tune the expense of the actions we took in the first quarter. Below operating income, our net interest expense continues to be higher year-over-year due to the financing we added in late September last year due to Acxiom.Turning to Q2 and first half net revenue on Slide 4, net revenue in the quarter was $2.13 billion. Compared to Q2 2018, the impact of the change in exchange rates was a negative 2.4% with the U.S. dollar stronger against every functional international currency. Net acquisitions and divestitures added 8.5%, which includes the impact of Acxiom, as well as smaller acquisitions less our dispositions. The resulting organic revenue increase was 3%.At the bottom of the slide, we break our operating segments. As you can see, our IAN segment grew 3.2% organically. Underneath that result was growth in media led by IPG Mediabrands and our global creatively led integrated offerings at FCB, McCann Worldgroup and MullenLowe and our digital specialist agencies R/GA and Huge.Total growth at IAN was 10.8%, which reflects acquisitions including Acxiom dispositions and a drag from currency changes. At our CMG segment, organic growth was 1.9% in the quarter driven by another quarter of strong growth from Weber Shandwick along with Octagon in sports and entertainment marketing and FutureBrand. The impact of revenue headwinds from accounts lost in Q4 2018 was felt in both segments.Moving on to slide 5, revenue by region. In the U.S. second quarter organic growth of net revenue was 0.6%. We continue to see solid growth from our global integrated offerings. From a regional standpoint, this was also where we have begun to see the impact of the revenue headwinds from accounts lost last year, namely FCA Media, Army and VW Creative. It's worth noting that total U.S. growth was 14.2%, due to the impact of acquisitions and dispositions, which include Acxiom.In our international markets, we had another strong quarter with organic growth of 6.5%. In the U.K., organic growth was 4.7%, a very solid increase on top of double-digit growth in Q2 2018. We had terrific contributions from both our IAN and CMG segments, highlighted by Mediabrands, McCann, and Weber Shandwick.In Continental Europe, organic growth was also strong at 9.2%, on top of 11.7% in Q2 2018. This was highlighted by very strong growth in some of our largest national markets, namely Germany, Italy and Spain. In Asia Pac, net organic revenue decreased 0.3% in Q2. Among our largest markets, we had strong growth in India and Japan, but that was offset by soft results in China and Australia.Lat Am grew 25.1% organically in Q2. We had strong organic growth across the region led by Brazil, Mexico, Argentina and Colombia. Organic growth in the region was 24.5% in the first half of the year. In our Other Markets group, organic growth was 4.8% led by very strong growth in Canada.Moving on to slide 6 and operating expenses, which were again well controlled in the quarter. Compared to net revenue growth of 9.1%, our net operating expenses increased only 8.7% as adjusted for the amortization of acquired intangibles. Our ratio of total salaries and related expense to revenue was 65%, an improvement of 140 basis points. The improvement reflects disciplined organic growth of expenses and the benefit from the consolidation of Acxiom.Underneath that, the ratio of base payroll and benefits to net revenue decreased to 54.9% in the quarter an improvement of 90 basis points. We also saw solid operating leverage on temporary labor and our expense for severance in the quarter, while the expense of performance-based employee incentive compensation as a percentage of net revenue was flat with the year ago at 3.2%.At quarter end, total headcount was approximately 54,200, an increase of 7.1% from a year ago, with most of the increase due to the addition of Acxiom. Our office and other direct expenses was 18.2% of second quarter net revenue compared with 17.1%, a year ago. Within office and other direct, we levered our expenses for occupancy by 10 basis points from a year ago. That was more than offset by the expense profile of Acxiom, which is accretive to our margins overall, while consolidating relatively more investment in data and technology.Our SG&A expense was 80 points  80 basis points of Q2 net revenue, which reflects lower professional fees and general expenses at corporate. Our expense for depreciation increased due to the consolidation of Acxiom this year as was the case with our amortization expense, which was $21.3 million in the quarter. We also had a restructuring charge of $2.1 million in the quarter, which represents a small expense adjustment to the actions taken in this year's first quarter.On slide 7, we present detail in adjustments to report our results in the quarter in order to provide better transparency and a picture of comparable performance. This begins in the left-hand side with our reported results and steps through to EBITA, and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our amortization expense for acquired intangibles was $21.3 million resulting in EBITA of $285.5 million. Below operating expense, we had a loss in the quarter of $6.1 million in other expense related to disposition of a few small non-strategic businesses. Our reported results also include a benefit of $13.9 million from the settlement of certain tax positions in the quarter, which we adjust for as well.At the foot of the slide, you can see the after-tax impact per diluted share of each of these adjustments and that's at $0.03 per share, a difference between reported EPS of $0.43 and adjusted of $0.46.On slide 8, we show similar adjustments to the first six months, which bridge to the adjusted earnings of $0.57 per diluted share.On slide 9, we turn to cash flow in the second quarter. Cash from operations was $293 million compared with $172 million a year ago. Within that, working capital generated $53 million compared to the use of $63 million in Q2 2018. Investing activities used $47 million for CapEx in the quarter. Our financial activities used $278 million, including $100 million towards the repayment of our term note, and $91 million for our common stock dividend. Our net decrease in cash for the quarter was $16 million.Slide 10 is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $614 million of cash and equivalents.Slide 11 depicts the maturity of our outstanding debt with total debt at quarter end of $3.8 billion and diversified term maturities going forward.In summary on slide 12, first half growth and margin expansion have us well positioned at mid-year to deliver on our financial targets. Our teams continue to execute very well. Our balance sheet continues to be a strong and meaningful source of value creation all of which has us well positioned.With that, I'll turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. Our results reflect a strong quarter. Organic revenue growth despite the headwinds faced in the U.S. is an encouraging sign that our clients remain in an investment mode, when it comes to their engagements with us. Our performance is also a reflection of the strength of our offerings, our people, and the differentiated strategy.Specific to the U.S., we're well positioned to both resume market share gains and leverage a growing economy in our largest market. We are net new business positive year-to-date both internationally and in the U.S. As such, we've been able to offset significant domestic headwinds. And once we cycle through those losses, we expect to see a return to solid U.S. growth rates.Our continued strength is due to a strategic position that differentiates IPG. First, our open architecture model is the most client-centric approach in the market. It integrates marketing channels across creative, media, public relations and data management in a model that continues to resonate with clients.Open architecture is a solution that consultants cannot deliver, and one our peer set has been trying to emulate. We're seeing it in work with major clients in health care and financial services and other sectors. In addition, we include environmental, social and governance issues as value creators. That means we consistently take public positions on important social issues.We feel doing so was in line with our values of transparency, ethics, inclusion and community involvement. It makes us a company people can believe in, with values that are backed by actions. Doing so, makes us the company clients want to do business with and people want to work for.Our hallmarks include having embedded integrated digital capabilities as foundational to our operations, a step we took many years ago, having strong agency brands joined by a collaborative culture and seeing transparency as a core value. Thanks to this differentiated go-to-market strategy IPG received a host of recognition and accolades related to our effectiveness, our creativity and our powerful agency brands during the quarter.For the third year in a row, IPG was named the Most Creatively Effective Holding Company at the North American Effie Awards. This award recognized all forms of marketing that contribute to a brand's success and IPG had 15 agencies among the top winners across all marketing disciplines. At the Cannes Festival of Creativity, we had a particularly impressive performance.IPG agencies took home 11 of the festival's highest honor the Grand Prix. This is more than all other global holding companies and consultants combined. Grand Prix won by our agencies were in categories, including brand experience, industry craft, health and wellness, creative data, innovation, mobile and others. These Grand Prixs were won by a variety of our agencies across many clients, again, showcasing the breadth and strength of our agency brands.In addition, our agencies won more Gold Lions, the festival's next highest honor than any other holding company. Notably in terms of awards per dollar of revenue, IPG topped the rankings among holding companies at the festival. While there, we hosted our Ninth Annual Women's Breakfast. Partnering with the United Nations, we attracted a standing-room-only crowd and featured top marketers from Adobe, Levi Strauss, Mars, Microsoft and Unilever to examine advertising's influence and impact on societal inequalities.As we've noted on these calls, the future of our industry rests on the ability to combine transformative data capabilities with creativity. IPG's performance throughout the year coupled with adding Acxiom to our existing tools and expertise enables us to provide clients with the industry's most forward-looking and creative marketing solutions. Clients continue to believe in the power of the idea and look to us as their most valued partner to use creativity to drive business results.We've been able to perform at this level, thanks to our investment in vibrant and differentiated agency brands. In our Integrated Agency Network or IAN reporting segment, which now includes Acxiom as well as our other global networks. Mediabrands, again, led growth in the quarter, posting a very strong performance.UM was awarded its first-ever Grand Prix for 5B, a documentary created specifically for Johnson & Johnson that chronicles the work done by nurses during the 1980s in one of the country's first HIV hospital wards. This marked the first time that a media agency won the Grand Prix in the entertainment category.In addition, UM kicked off the third quarter by winning the Mattel business across Europe, the Middle East and Africa and Asia Pac. Initiative picked up a number of new business wins including high-growth TikTok in the U.S.; and in APAC Carnival and Groupon's APAC and EMEA media account. The agency also took home a number of top honors at Cannes, including sharing the Grand Prix with FCB in Canada.FCB posted very strong performance, especially in its health care operations. Area 23 part of FCB Health, won a Grand Prix this year for a highly innovative connected wellness device. The New York office won three Grand Prixs as well. Recently the network named a new CEO of Canada and New York as well as a new President in New York.McCann Worldgroup saw continued growth in the quarter driven by increases with existing clients. On the new business front, they added ADT among others. In addition, McCann continues to see very high levels of industry recognition. Following their Effie Index recognition as the Most Creatively Effective Network in the World for the second year in a row, the network continued its momentum by being named Network of the Year at Cannes. McCann Health was also named Healthcare Network of the Year and McCann Health China named Healthcare Agency of the Year.MullenLowe Group had a strong quarter on several fronts. The network had a number of new business wins including Mediahub adding Fox Sports and Fox Entertainment at the end of the first quarter, and more recently the home automation company ecobee.The media arm also promoted a leading digital innovator to U.S. President and added a number of senior leaders all as a result of new business growth. You'll note, our three global creative networks McCann, FCB and MullenLowe continue to perform well, which demonstrates the value of our strategy to invest in our brands and the embedded digital services that are a hallmark of our offerings.As noted, Acxiom is also doing very well. All of the strategic reasons to bring Acxiom into our company have only accelerated since the acquisition, giving us an unrivaled industry position in data management capability. This allows us to help marketers get the best out of all their data assets, driving better and more efficient one-to-one connections with consumers at scale.We are pleased with how integration is progressing. Performance is in line with our expectations and results continue to be accretive to IPG. We see opportunity to bring new innovative products and services to market, as well as the upside of continuing to grow their existing data management business.This quarter Acxiom continued expanding its global data offerings, most recently in Japan, Australia, Spain and Canada. The company also expanded its relationship with a major auto distributor in the U.S., with respect to managing its customer data and entered a new multi-year engagement with a financial technology and marketing client, looking to expand audience measurement and reporting capabilities. We continue to be impressed with the team and business. Acxiom has a rich and promising pipeline of opportunities.Brooklyn based Huge partnered with Amazon during the quarter to create the Earth Challenge 2020 initiative. Together with the Earth Day Network, they designed tech solutions to help citizens solve key environmental challenges facing humanity in the 21st century.Also in the quarter, Pantone selected the agency to handle global earned-first campaigns and the Toronto office won the Sinai Health business. Highlights at R/GA in the quarter included growth with their existing clients, plus the partnership between the agency Venture Studio with Kinship, the newly launched innovation arm of Mars Petcare.Together they created the Innovation Exchange the start-up of academy and mentored eight purpose-led female-founded companies from Pakistan, Kenya, Brazil, Uganda and the U.S. On the new business front, R/GA was recently selected by GameStop to redesign their cultural gaming experience.Our U.S. integrated independent agencies continue to round out our portfolio. They deliver the full suite of marketing services to their clients and can also combine with the best of the IPG offering on our collaborative open architecture solutions.Highlights with this group -- within this group come from the marketing agency, which continues to expand its culture department and recently welcomed it's first-ever talent engagement and inclusion specialist and onboarded new clients CarMax and Buffalo Wild Wings.At CMG, we're also seeing positive developments. As you saw last week, IPG announced new leadership at CMG and Weber Shandwick, promoting from within our ranks. This leadership team has worked together to keep Weber Shandwick at the forefront of contemporary brand-building during a transformative era of marketing and communications. We're pleased to have them move into these new roles.As we previously called out, Weber Shandwick and Golin are among the most highly awarded PR agencies in the business. Weber Shandwick received a number of accolades this quarter. The agency was the most awarded at the 2019 North American SABRE Awards and the agency's recently named CEO received Global Professional of the Year at the PR Week Global Awards shortly after she was named Agency Professional of the Year at the PRWeek U.S. Awards last quarter. With her added CEO title, IPG has one of the highest-ranking women leaders in the PR space, a point we take particular pride in.Golin had an exciting quarter. PRWeek recently named the agency Global Agency of the Year. On the new business front, Golin had a number of wins including Porsche in Asia-Pac, AIA in Hong Kong and IT service management company Verra Mobility. In total, we are happy that through the first half of the year, we continued to perform at the top end of the industry.It shows that our investment in people and in a modern data-fueled offering is succeeding and that our focus on the client-centric open architecture model is the right formula. We are pleased with our results and we continue to feel confident in our long-term plans and prospects. As always, we remain committed to strong financials and significant reduction in debt over the next few years, as well as continuing to grow our dividend. We also expect to return to share repurchases after a period of time.Turning to our outlook, we're confident that our performance to-date has us on track to deliver growth at the high end of our 2% to 3% organic growth range. In addition, we continue to be comfortable with our target for adjusted EBITA margin expansion of 40 to 50 basis points over last year's 13.5%. We view our current performance and long-term strategy as significant factors that will continue to enhance shareholder value.Now, let's open it up -- the call to your questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Alexia Quadrani, your line is open, from JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you so much. Michael, thank you for your color on the U.S. business. I think you mentioned about a 3.8% headwind from losses.
Michael Roth: Right.
Alexia Quadrani: Can you give us a sense of how that trends for the remainder of the year? Does it get worse before it gets better? Or should we assume a similar run rate in the second half? And I know you had some notable wins earlier this year. Does that become an offset at some point?
Michael Roth: Yes. Thank you, Alexia. Well, as I indicated, we're net new business positive through the quarter, through the first half on both U.S. and worldwide. Unfortunately, the headwinds get a little worse in the second half of the year and, frankly, runs a little bit into the first quarter of next year.But what's important to note here is that, despite these headwinds, when we say we are comfortable with our 2% to 3% organic growth, that's net of the headwinds. So if you -- here I go. If it wasn't for the losses, we would continue to have extremely high organic growth. Unfortunately, we have those losses. But the fact that we're overcoming those losses with net new business wins is indicative of the strength of our offerings and frankly the economic tone that's out there.
Alexia Quadrani: And then, just a follow-up. You continue to outperform a lot of your peers in Europe, Continental Europe, especially. So I think Germany was an area that you highlighted being really good -- really strong half year performance. I guess, can you give us any color, if you think that's mostly share gains? Are you seeing underlying growth in the market? And, I guess, any more color on that would be great.
Michael Roth: Yes. Well, frankly, it's reflective of some new business wins, notably McCann and its Opel win in Germany in Continental Europe. So that's reflected. Again, the size of our businesses in those markets are 8% to 9%, so the wins and losses have a dramatic impact on growth.We'll take it though that we were net positive and we've been net positive over the last couple of quarters. So I think it's indicative of the competitiveness of our offerings, particularly in McCann in this case, as well as Mediabrands. And we continue to believe there's strength in those markets.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Nollen of Macquarie. Your line is open.
Tim Nollen: Hi. Thanks. One other geographic region I'd like to ask about is China. You're not the first to mention that China was negative in the quarter. I wonder if you could elaborate a bit on why that is. I know it's not been the strongest area for some time, but if you could just let or give us a sense of what's going on there? And then another comparison in terms of sector, you highlighted consumer goods as being a strong sector for you amongst many other sectors pretty broad-based growth I guess. Again, peers of yours have talked about attrition and declines in fees and in ad spending. Does this come down to the work you do? Does it come down to the client that you have? I wonder if you could help us understand why you're talking about good consumer growth and others are not? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Yes, it's all of the above. Again, consumer goods is 8% of our business. So there again the notion of we had good client wins in consumer goods with respect to the markets in those environments. We had a little bit of cutback in some of our consumer goods businesses, but it was overtaken by the growth of our new business wins. So that accounts for the strength on consumer goods. I said this before what we're seeing is we're not raising a flag and saying all the consumer goods are back again. I think the entire industry is going to face challenges as the consumer did -- particularly in packaged goods continue to focus on margin and cutbacks.With respect to our largest CPG clients, we believe we've seen a leveling off of that spend and our goal is to grab more brands if you will from those companies. And if you couple that with the wins that we have in those markets that reflects the strength that we have in consumer goods. I might add that growth is good in both the U.S. and worldwide given where our new business wins fall out. I think there's no question in China that we're starting to see the impact of the economy there. The good news for us that the losses in China are being offset by growth in India, Japan and Singapore. But we don't see a big recovery in China on the horizon. Again, it's not our largest market. We're there to service our multinationals. We continue to invest in China in terms of our people and our brands, but I believe we don't see a big turnaround in that environment anytime soon.
Tim Nollen: Okay. Can I ask a quick follow-up on the consumer goods response?
Michael Roth: Sure.
Tim Nollen: Again, thanks for the explanation there, Michael. I just wonder what is it that you're doing that might be a little different from others? You mentioned your open architecture a couple of times in your remarks. Or is it something with the data you can provide with Acxiom? Maybe it's not a consumer goods question. Just what are you doing that's helping you do better than your peers?
Michael Roth: Well I said this before other than we're just better than they are. I'll take the liberty of saying that. Our open architecture is really a key. And when we -- I've attended a number of the top to tops, particularly in Europe. And I'm sitting in a room and we have FCB. We have McCann. We have Weber Shandwick. We have Acxiom. We have RGA all sitting in the table servicing an existing client. That's a pretty powerful group to have in a room. And when I sit in that room and I look at the leadership of our clients and I say look this is the new go-to-market strategy of IPG.You're entitled to the best IPG has to offer. You see it coming to light in the room. You probably don't even know which agencies the people who are sitting in this room are from. It's a total collaborative client-centric offering that our sole purpose is to help you move your needle and all the old silo issues that are present in our industry are our problem not yours. And it resonates with clients. I mean -- and in fact, one of our biggest clients actually called their model open architecture, which I got a kick out of.Of course, I didn't complain to them using our terminology. But it's the wave of the future. And you put Acxiom in that group, you have a very powerful offering in terms of giving clients in one place all that they need to focus on targeting the right consumer, with great creative, with the CRM capabilities, with the expertise in particular in this case health care which we have the best in the business in terms of those offerings.So I firmly believe -- we launched open architecture early in the stages of our new management team and it really resonates in the marketplace. And I think that's the right way to protect your brands, because they look to our brands as those are the people that are working on their engagement, but they include IPG as a brand. And it's up to us to make sure that our -- the collaboration of all our agencies are working the way they should. And I'll tell you something else. When it doesn't go well, I get the e-mail and says by the way we're having some problems here. Can you make sure you put the teams together and make sure they respond? And that's the way it's supposed to work and it really resonates well with our clients.
Tim Nollen: Sounds great. Thanks.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you, good morning. Two questions, one on margins, one on Acxiom. Michael you had a very strong first half in terms of margin expansion and I'm sure you don't want to call the second half or the full year conservative. I'm just wondering if you could talk about the margin outlook for the year, because you're certainly pacing nicely ahead of the 40 to 50. I know you've taken some restructuring activities. You've got the account headwinds. But anything else you'd want to call out on back half margin performance realizing that particularly the fourth quarter is a wildcard?And then second, on Acxiom, there continues to be the sort of discussion in the market of sort of rent versus own on data. And I'm just wondering if you think that by buying Acxiom, you've made a decision to own or if that's sort of mischaracterization of the strategy. And any early examples of -- you talked about it being accretive to IPG. I know financially it is. But in terms of the strategic focus of the company and net new business, any early even anecdotal data points you'd like to throw at us about how that business is helping would be great?
Michael Roth: Yes. Thank you. Two great questions, Ben. Let me focus on Acxiom. I think it's a mischaracterization of why we bought Acxiom, okay? We continue to say and if you listen to my prepared remarks, Acxiom its core competency is data management, first-party data management. And that's not a question of buying or renting. That's a strong core business that Acxiom has. And you see the new business wins at Acxiom relate to the first-party data management. So that's where we're seeing the growth.We haven't yet introduced the new products that we talked about in terms of the synergy opportunities on revenue using Mediabrands coupled with the Acxiom capability. So I think when people talk about us buying Acxiom and whether there's conflicts or rent or buy, they're totally misunderstanding the core competency of Acxiom.When you think of privacy when you think of first-party data management as they're cleansing and organizing data to reach the right consumer that's what Acxiom does. They have one-third of their business is using 22,000 sources so maybe two billon individuals in third-party data management.But our clients don't have to use that. They have choices in terms of who they work with, with respect to that. It just so happens a number of them use that. But that's one-third of the business. The core competency of Acxiom is being able to target and cleanse and really work with the data that clients have within their own company and the opportunities there are significant.And what's great about those companies are the long-standing relationship we have with those clients. I mean we're part of their business. So the retention on those businesses, the ability to grow with our clients it really is the key to this. And they are recognized. They're the top-rated from Forrester in terms of the quality and transparency and safety of their offerings. I mean that's a compelling story. So it's not that we bought data and that we're selling data. The core competencies are much bigger than that and that's where we see the opportunities.In terms of margin, when you have those kinds of headwinds, a number of those clients carry some good margins in with it. So at this point, I'm not going to comment on any upside on the margins. Our goal is the 40 to 50 basis points. We believe we can achieve that and that's what -- and then frankly if you -- if we achieve that or when we achieve that, I think it's another example of how we continue to focus both on top line and cost containment and that's what our goals are.And if you look at the history of our performance over the last 20 quarters I think you've seen a pretty impressive organic growth and margin expansion, which is what we say we're going to accomplish.
Ben Swinburne: Make sense. Thank you.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Ben.
Operator: Thank you. Dan Salmon of BMO. Your line is open.
Dan Salmon: Hey, good morning everyone. Michael, can I just return back to the guidance? As you noted before, we don't want to get too bogged down in the losses, which were well known before this. And just if we can return basically to the commentary that being more comfortable at the higher end of your organic revenue growth guidance.Maybe just -- what leads you to that sort of confidence? I know there's always a number of variables that can be in there current clients spending more net new business account record, back door has been nicely closed and we're moving along through the year and you've got more cushion on losses. Are there may be it macro are there one or two things in there that give you that confidence to get towards the -- have that commentary there about being towards the higher end of it?And then just on Acxiom, I know that working with Mediabrands has been the immediate focus out of the box and sounds like that continues to be the focus. But I know we're not quite to the one-year anniversary yet but any hints on where you can see those capabilities flowing to most effectively beyond Mediabrands within the holding company?
Michael Roth: Sure. Yeah, let me -- we don't make up the numbers. I always tell the team I don't want them to strike, so let's work from the bottom up. We just got through with most of our operating reviews and we really have our units come in and present from the bottoms-up.We see where the opportunities are. We see where the agency of record fees are coming from, where they see their pipeline. So this number is a number that's developed based on our reviews with each of our business units. And each of the CEOs of the business units sit and talk about the tone of the business. And frankly we go over the good, the bad, the ugly of their pipelines and their existing clients including the health of their clients.And when we look at the health of their clients, we look at how much of open architecture are they really utilizing, because the more you have an open architecture and collaborative base, the stickier their clients are right? So that's how we do a health test. So when you put all that together, we do a forecast by agency. We do an overlay from corporate and that's where we get the number.And I know in the past and due -- by the half year we've upped our guidance considerably in the past couple of years. Frankly I was telling -- including the team that in a way we upped our guidance by saying we're in the high end of the range because that's a real number.And as I answered one of the questions before for the rest of the year the headwinds get a little more difficult. So in order to overcome the more difficult headwinds, we actually have additional client spend.Let's not lose sight of the fact that our existing client base is the key source of our growth, so the health of our businesses how we're using all the resources within IPG to bring to bear with respect to those clients. So all of that goes into the mix and then we just make up a number and put it up. But that's where it comes from.On Acxiom, you're correct. I mean, we said that the first wave of integration with IPG was going to be on Mediabrands and that's what we've been focusing on. But in our business plan, we indicated these at the latter part of this year and certainly next year, we're going to be bringing new products to bear, utilizing for example Cadreon and Acxiom and all the data capabilities that we have within Mediabrands as well as Acxiom with respect to new products.We've already started introducing Acxiom to all of our creative capabilities and all of our agencies, both with respect to their own data analytics capabilities and how they can leverage Acxiom with respect to their own capabilities and more importantly how they can introduce Acxiom to their existing clients and how Acxiom candidly can introduce IPG assets to their existing clients. So we're in the process.But the one thing I said for this year is, we didn't want to rush out and force everything on everybody because I know a lot of comments are out there that the most difficult thing about these transactions are the ability to integrate. And it was imperative.Our commitment to our Board was that we were going to integrate these businesses on a smooth basis without breaking an asset that we paid significant dollars for, but we very much view it as the future and transformative asset within IPG. So, we didn't want to rush into it. We're very happy with the integration. We're not having any problems with respect to integration. And I think, frankly next year, it's going to be pretty exciting to see the stuff that's going to come out of this.
Dan Salmon: Great. Thats very helpful. Thanks Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, my pleasure.
Operator: Thank you. Adrien de Saint Hilaire of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Adrien de Saint Hilaire: Yes, good morning everyone and thank you very much for taking the questions. I've got three of them please. So, first of all Michael, I'm under the impression that the impact of account losses are bigger than we expected and this is despite the U.S. Army being still -- still being handled by McCann. So, can you just explain what we've missed?Secondly, back to the margin question. Can you give us a bit more details on what would be margins in the first half excluding the first-time contribution of Acxiom? And then thirdly a bit of a bigger question, there are a number of companies, McDonald's this morning is another one where the CMO title is being eliminated or changed. Just wondering how this is impacting your day-to-day operations and relationships with clients. Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Okay. Three questions. Let me take your margin question. We don't break out business units and give out margins on that. So, when we give you a number on margin 40 to 50 basis points, it's inclusive of all of our businesses and that's how we manage our businesses. So, I know your question, but we're not -- we just don't disclose that information.You didn't miss anything on the losses. We didn't -- first of all, there was another client in there that you didn't mention. It was FCA Media which frankly was the bigger of the three. And again, when we started the year, we started the year and we put out as a guidance 2% to 3%. That number reflect. We knew we had these losses going into the year. So, when we forecast the timing of these losses and the magnitude of those losses, it's already reflected in the 2% to 3%. So, maybe some analysts may have missed that number, we didn't.So far it's exactly where we thought it was going to be. And it -- and by the way McCann is no longer doing business for the Army. So, that's why we're saying in the second half of the year that number gets a little bit harder. But the good news is, as one of the other questions were, we hope the back door is close right now and now we just see opportunities in our pipeline.The question of the CMO, it's kind of interesting. Business is going waves in terms of centralized versus local. That's why, if you look at our global networks, McCann, FCB, MullenLowe, the distribution, the capabilities on a global basis are very relevant to what global clients are looking for because, if they're going to be using a less centralized basis, you need local presence in the markets that they want to compete in and we have to be in a position to offer the talent to help navigate through the various local markets. So that's what you get when you get -- you come to an IPG and that is the ability to reach all the markets when local markets are important.And so far we haven't seen any big impact yet on the changes of the structures from centralized to decentralize. But candidly, it pays -- it plays to our strength when they do that. Of course, now you really need a third-party arbiter to help them navigate through either the media side of the business, the local customs of the business and focusing on a centralized business plan and help our clients move the needle.So, I think the changes our clients are seeing are focusing on the efficiencies that they need in their local markets. And that's frankly what IPG can offer that many of our competitors, not the consultants and so on. They don't have that kind of capability, particularly from a creative point of view. What's creative for example in Latin America is different than what's creative in Europe. And you have to have that kind of capability and expertise that we through our global networks offer.
Adrien de Saint Hilaire: Thank you, very much. If I could just sneak in one quick follow-up, the U.K. has been a very strong area for all agencies in the latest quarter and in recent years. How sustainable is this given the macro uncertainty and the volatility in politics?
Michael Roth: Yes. I'd say it's a good question. We haven't yet seen a big impact and maybe because the financial services in the U.K. are not quite over-weighted for us. And so, we're seeing PR. We're seeing media. We're seeing creative capabilities continue to be strong in the U.K. So -- but all bets are off depending on how the new leadership handles this Brexit and what impact it has. But so far, we have not seen it. And again, it's 9% of our business. So, on the good side, we're doing very well. On the hedge on the downside is its 9% of our business. So, I -- yes, it's all baked into our numbers.
Adrien de Saint Hilaire: Okay. Thank you, very much indeed.
Michael Roth: My pleasure.
Operator: Thank you. David Joyce of Evercore. Your line is open.
David Joyce: Thank you. From where you sit at Acxiom, how do you see targeted advertising developing from here? Are there too many disparate platforms? Or do you see the strategies and technologies perhaps aligning well enough to accelerate targeted advertising going forward? And with that view when and I guess, if you could quantify in some form would that targeted advertising drive incremental spending? And does this open opportunity work with smaller marketers? Thank you.
Michael Roth: Yes. Look I think targeted marketing is the whole purpose of the whole acquisition of Acxiom. Think of the power: instead of just buying audiences, we can buy specific consumers and their likes and dislikes. And in order to be able to do that you have to have the capability and the insights and through first-party data management is how you do that.By the way, let me just comment that someone has indicated that we're selling that first-party data. That first-party data is first-party data to our clients. What we're talking about is helping clients who have that first-party data maximize the efficiency of that data and use potential other resources to enhance those capabilities.So that's what we're doing. And yes, I think clients are amenable to us putting forward a value proposition that shows how we can target specific individuals and particularly on the digital side of the business which is why you're seeing a continuation of digital spend to reach those consumers.So, I view that all as an opportunity for us because of the Acxiom capabilities, but also because we have the creative capabilities to create that messaging that's relevant to that consumer and putting the two together is a pretty powerful voice.So I see that as growing and I see it continuing. And I think it also -- it adds to the value of our proposition in working with our clients. And frankly that's one of the key reasons we bought Acxiom.
David Joyce: And from the technology and platform perspective is it still are there too many players at this point? Is it too confusing for marketers? Or are things starting to align?
Michael Roth: Well, I always say confusion is good for us because if clients are confused they need someone to figure it out and that's what we do. We -- our strength is in our ability to work with different technologies, all right and cleanse it and put them all together. I mean that's exactly what clients are looking for, the better mousetrap out there and it is confusing. And we have expertise that helps clients solve that. So it plays right into our strength.That's why I think the notion of putting data management creativity digital PR all together in a room focusing on what clients need, I mean that's the holy grail of our business.And we built IPG based on that premise. Creativity, talent, tools all helping our clients move the needle. And where we sit right now there isn't an offering out there that we don't have best-in-class capabilities. And frankly, I believe that's why we will continue to outperform because we put together the best talents in the business with the best tools and that's what clients are looking.
David Joyce: Great, thank you.
Jerry Leshne: Operator?
Operator: Yes sir?
Jerry Leshne: We've come to the bottom of the hour. That was our final question. Back to Michael for any closing thoughts.
Michael Roth: Yes. Again we're excited about the opportunities. We had a little hiccup in terms of some of those headwinds, but we're working hard to overcome that. And I look forward to our next call. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The Interpublic Group First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our results for the first quarter. As usual, I'll start out by covering the highlights of our performance, and Frank will then provide additional details and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies to followed by our Q&A. We're pleased to report another quarter of strong financial performance. The organic growth of net revenue was 6.4% in the quarter that's on top of 3.6% a year ago, and brings organic growth over the trailing 12 months to 6.2%. These continue to be outstanding results, especially when compared to our peers. In the U.S. organic growth was 5.7% and international growth was 7.7%. We again grew organically in every region of the world propelled by very broad participation across disciplines and client sectors. In our integrated agency network segment, we achieved 7.4% organic growth in the quarter, with outstanding performance at Mediabrands, and FCBHealth along with notable contributions from the McCann Worldgroup, Deutsch and MullenLowe. Our CMG segment grew 1.9% organically, which was led by another very strong advance in public relations and Weber Shandwick. Among clients sectors globally, we saw strong growth across healthcare, industrials, consumer goods, financial services and retail. The total growth of our net revenue was 13% in the quarter. That reflects our strong organic increase, as well as the revenue of Acxiom, which is not yet included in our calculation of organic growth. We continue to be pleased with Acxiom performance, which is on track with our expectations. Total net revenue growth also reflects some year-over-year drag from the impact of currency changes. And apart from Acxiom, the net disposition of certain small businesses. Turning to adjusted EBITDA and operating income, first quarter adjusted EBITDA was $103.6 million, which excludes the restructuring charge of approximately $32 million that we mentioned to you we'd be taking during February's conference call. While operating income was $50.2 million. Our adjusted EBITDA margin as a percent of net revenue increased 270 basis points to 5.2% compared with 2.5% in Q1 2018. First quarter diluted loss per share was $0.02, and was positive $0.11 as adjusted for the charge. The amortization of acquired intangibles and below EBITDA net losses from the disposition of small, non-strategic agencies in the quarter. Adjusted EPS of $0.11 compares to $0.04 a year ago. During the quarter and as we announced in February, we increased our common share dividend by 12% to $0.235 per share, marking our seventh consecutive year of higher dividends. While Q1 is our smallest seasonal quarter, our year is off to a very solid start. The results we're reporting this morning continue to demonstrate the many strengths of our company led by our client centric integrated offerings and the quality of our people. It's another quarter of organic growth atop our industry, the position we've held now for some time. As such, this first quarter continues to underscore the quality of our talent and the successful evolution of our offerings, amid significant change in the environment in which we operate. All of our people can take pride in these accomplishments. The great work they do every day on behalf of our clients is what drives such winning results for clients and for our shareholders. With these results, we continue to be comfortable with the financial targets for the full year that we recently shared with you, 2% to 3% organic growth, and 40 to 50 basis points of improvement to adjusted EBITDA margin. As always, we will update our outlook as the year progresses in our second quarter call. On that note, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Frank, for additional detail on our performance, and I'll return with an update and highlights of our business.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. As a reminder, I'll [indiscernible] on the slide presentations that accompanies our webcast. On slide two, you'll see a summary of our results. First quarter net revenue growth was 13% and organic growth was 6.4%. U.S. organic growth was 5.7% and international organic growth was 7.7%, with increases across all ranges in a range of 4.5% to 24%, in the case of LatAm. Q1 EBITDA of $104 million as adjusted for the charge to mainly address certain account losses. That compares with $44 million a year ago. For the quarter, our adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.11, which excludes the charge I just mentioned, the amortization of acquired intangibles, and $9 million of pre-tax losses below our operating income from the disposition of certain small, non-strategic agencies. Turning to slide three, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Here it's worth noting that interest expense increased as expected due to the financing we added in late September last year to buy Acxiom. Also note, that net other expense includes the $9 million of disposition losses. Turning to Q1 revenue on slide four, net revenue was $2 billion, compared to Q1 2018, the impact of the change in exchange rates was a negative 2.8%, with the U.S. dollar stronger against every region. Net acquisitions added 9.4%, which represents the addition of Acxiom plus other net dispositions over the past 12 months, resulting organic revenue increase was 6.4%. At the bottom of the slide, we break out our operating segments. As you can see, our IAN segment was our principal growth driver in the quarter, with 7.4% organic growth. Underneath that terrific result was growth in all major disciplines including media, our creative led integrated offerings and our healthcare specialist. Total growth in IAN was 15.5%, which includes Acxiom. At our CMG segment, organic growth was 1.9% in the quarter, driven by another quarter standout growth by Weber Shandwick. Moving on to slide five, revenue by region. In the U.S. first quarter organic growth was net revenue was 5.7%. Our growth was led by our IAN segment with standout performances by IPG Mediabrands, FCB, MullenLowe and Deutsch. In our CMG segment, marketing services specialist growth continued in Q1 at Weber Shandwick. Note that total U.S. growth was 20% which includes Acxiom. Our international markets, - in our international markets we had another strong quarter as well, with organic growth of 7.7%. In the U.K., organic growth was 5.7%, a very solid increase on top of 7.8% in Q1 2018. Leading client sectors included CPG, financial services and retail. In Continental Europe, organic growth was 7.6%. This was highlighted by very strong growth in each of our national markets, Germany, France, Spain and Italy. In Asia Pac, our largest international region net organic revenue growth was 4.5% in Q1. Among our largest national markets, growth was paced by Japan, India and China, with a decrease in Australia. LatAm grew 23.8% organically in Q1 with strong organic growth across the region led by Brazil, Mexico, Colombia and Argentina. In our other markets group organic growth was 5.2%, led again by strong growth in Canada. Moving on to slide six and operating expenses, which were again well controlled in the quarter. Compared to net revenue growth of 13% the net operating expenses increased only 9.9% as adjusted for the chart this year in the amortization of acquired intangibles. Our ratio of total salaries and related expense to revenue in our seasonally small first quarter was 70.9%, an improvement of 410 basis points. This reflects leverage in the base IPG business as well as benefit from the consolidation of Acxiom. Underneath that we continue to drive efficiencies in our investment in base payroll and benefits, which is our largest cost category, in which leverage improved by 290 basis points. We also saw solid operating leverage on our temporary labor, severance and other salaries and related, which was slightly offset by the increased expense of performance based employee incentive compensation as a percent of net revenue. At quarter end, total headcount was approximately 54,000, an increase of 7.8% from a year ago, with more than half of the increase due to the addition of Acxiom and the balance due to the many growing areas of our portfolio. Our office and other direct expense was 19.4% in the first quarter net revenue compared with 18.3% a year ago, with office and other expense, we levered our expense for occupancy by 60 basis points from a year ago. That was more than offset by the expense profile of Acxiom, which is accretive to our margins overall, while consolidating relatively more investment in data and technology. Our SG&A expense increased as reported to 2.1% of net revenue, which again reflects some increases in our expense for performance based incentive compensation. Our expense for depreciation increased 2.5% of net revenue, which is due to the consolidation of Acxiom this year, as was the case for our amortization expense, which was $21.6 million in the quarter. Our restructuring charge is approximately $32 million, which is toward the lower end of the $30 million to $40 million range, we had shared with you in February. The charge is mainly to address the headcount and real estate related to certain accounts loss towards the end of last year. These were principal U.S. costs and accordingly we expect to realize a reasonably short payback period in this action. Turning to slide seven, we present detail on adjustments to our reported first quarter results, in order to give you better transparency, and a picture of comparable performance. This begins on the left hand side with our reported results and steps through the adjusted EBITDA and our adjusted diluted EPS. Our D&A expense includes $21.6 million of the amortization of acquired intangibles and the restructuring charge of $31.8 million, resulting in adjusted EBITDA of $103.6 million. Below operating expenses, we had a loss in the quarter of $8.6 million in other expenses related to disposition of few small non-strategic businesses. At the middle of slide, you can see the after tax impact per diluted share of each of these adjustments. Their total is $0.13 per diluted share, which is the difference between the reported loss of $0.02 per diluted share and income of $0.11 as adjusted. On slide eight, we turn to Q1 cash flow. Cash used in operations was $94 million compared with the use of $730 million a year ago. As you know, our operating cash flow is highly seasonal, and can be volatile by quarter. We typically generate significant cash from work up in the fourth quarter and use cash in the first quarter. During this year's first quarter cash used in working capital was $166 million. That historical low cash use of Q1 was due to the timing of large collections and disbursements around last year end and the first few business days of this year. Investing activities used $31 million in the quarter for CapEx. Our financing activities provided $87 million net due to an increase in short term borrowings, mainly utilizing our commercial paper program. We used $91 million for our common stock dividend. Our net decrease in cash for the quarter was $44 million. Slide nine is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the year with $631 million of cash equivalents. Under current liabilities is it worth calling to your attention, the current portion of operating leases at $263 million, which is new. This is our first reporting period under ASC 842, which is the new standard for lease accounting. Accordingly, we have recognized a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability in our balance sheet. The current portion of our lease liability is shown on the slide. Our long-term lease obligation as of March 31st, is $1.2 billion, while our right of use asset is $1.4 billion. We expect that the new lease accounting will not have any significant impact on our results of operations or cash flows. Slide 10 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt. The total debt at quarter end at $3.9 billion and diversified terms and maturities going forward. In summary on slide 11, while Q1 is our smallest seasonal quarter, we are pleased with the start of our year. Our teams continue to execute very well, our balance sheet continues to be a strong and meaningful source of value creation, all of which, has us well positioned. With that, I'll turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. As I mentioned at the outset, we're pleased with results in the quarter. While the headline news may be a strong organic revenue growth, we also saw a good new business performance, the onboarding of impressively talent and very high levels of industry recognition. We invest in our people, and always put our clients and agency brands first. Our results this quarter show that we remain on the right track. Growth in the quarter came from a very broad range of both our existing and new clients, as well as a cross section of our agencies. It's fair to say that our top line performance during the quarter is in line with our expectations. It's also worth noting that the client losses that we saw in the back half of 2018 had yet to impact our results. While there is still macro uncertainty, we continue to believe that economic fundamentals are sound, especially in the U.S., where we once again delivered industry leading performance. As we've noted before, we operate in a media landscape that evolves at a rapid pace. Media channels continue to fragment and clients face an increasingly complex consumer environment, in which data which fuels the digital economy is central to most contemporary media offerings, and marketing capabilities. To address today's marketplace, we acquired Acxiom, adding a foundational world class data asset. This future facing step for IPG benefits our clients and shareholders alike as we bring our ability to manage and leverage data at scale to market. Acxiom enables us to develop deeper relationships in the marketplace among clients, consumers and media. As we previously stated, we have notably been focused on leveraging Acxiom with our media assets initially. Going forward, we see Acxiom adding tremendous opportunity for our creative assets as well. Allowing for personalized storytelling done globally and at scale for our clients. Turning to our, Integrated Agency Network or IAN am reporting segments, which includes Acxiom and Mediabrands, as well as our creative networks. Mediabrands, again led the quarter posting a very strong performance initiative was recognized as Ad Age comeback Agency of the Year and Ad Week U.S. Media Agency of the Year and continue to add new business in the quarter, including clients Nintendo and Dir. Pepper [ph]. The agency's unique culture driven reverse upfront continues to gain attention with marketers and the industry. UM added energizer and TGI Friday's to its roster and was named a standout agency by Ad Age, as well as the Best Place to Work in 2019. MAGNA continues to stay on top of ad trends releasing its latest predictions for the U.S. this month. The agency also appointed its first U.S. president now one of the top women in the media buying space. McCann World Group saw another solid performance starting the year strong with major industry accolades. You may have seen that just last week the FE index named McCann World Group the Most Creatively Effective Network in the World for the second year in a row. This follows another impressive number one creatively effective network ranking on 2019 WARC effective 100 list. At the Ad Age, A list and creativity awards McCann was recognized among the top 10 industry performers with its global Chief Strategy Officer named Chief Strategy Officer of the Year. The network also saw senior leadership appointments globally, McCann, Canada, MRM McCann London named new CEOs, McCann welcomed a Global Chief Creative Officer and McCann World Group has just been named ADT's Creative and Strategic Agency of Record. FCB saw a strong quarter with a number of new business wins in global markets. The agency was also named to the top 10 list of industry performers at the Ad Age A list awards and FCB 6 the network's Toronto-based unit was awarded Data Analytics Agency of the Year. We have an exceptional group of healthcare agencies on the IPG and FCB Health continues to be a major driver of growth. Just recently FCB Health named a new Executive Creative Director in New York. MullenLowe continues to perform very well in new business on boarding a number of significant accounts this quarter. Notable wins, included Great [indiscernible] Sennheiser global consumer business and Mediahub's recent agency of record win, Fox Sports and Fox Entertainment. Mediahub was also recently named Media Agency of the Year by Ad Age. RGA under the leadership of its new global CEO was named the Magic Quadrant Leader amongst global marketing agencies by Gartner and an Ad Age agency to watch and the agencies venture studio announced it will be partnering with Kinship the newly launch ventures tech and business innovation arm of Mars Pet Care for the RGA innovation exchange this year. The program will feature female led international startups that are building consumer brands of the future. Brooklyn based Huge gained four prominent clients this quarter, realtor.com. Brooks Running, Value Retail and most recently Sinai Health. The agency was named the visionary among global marketing agencies on Gartner's magic quadrant. Our U.S. integrated independent agencies continue to round out our portfolio, they delivered the full suite of marketing services to their clients and can also combine with the rest of the IPG offerings on the collaborative, open architecture solutions. Highlights within this group came from Deutsch, an agency that just won Reebok, the Martin Agency, which just work with initiative to an open architecture collaboration to bring in UPS globally at the start of the first quarter. The agency also expanded its relationship with Buffalo Wild Wings and launched a cultural impact lab within its creative department and its first ever female CEO was just named Executive of the Year by Ad Age. How Michael Lynch and call Michael Lynch relate added Xcel Energy and Red Wing Shoe to the client roster, respectively. And Hill Holliday launched Hill Holliday Health, the agency's very own dedicated healthcare practice. South Carolina based EPM Company one of IPG's agencies to watch continues the successful run of client growth and was named the standout agency by Ad Age. At CMG our marketing services agency saw a positive organic growth, Weber Shandwick and Golin continue to be standouts among PR agency networks. Weber Shandwick aided influence responsibilities for Kellogg U.S. and PR agency of record for Buick and GMC. The firm's president was named Agency Professional of the Year by PRWeek U.S. showing that IPG has the top woman leader in the PR space. The agency also announced expansion with technology and corporate expertise with the addition of new senior leaders in the U.S. West region, as well as the launch of MediaGenius, a resource for deeper learning on the forces shaping today's tech driven media landscape. This quarter, Golin launched the industry's first consumer experience PR suite CXPR marrying customer care with public relations to drive sales and reputation. It was an exciting quarter for the Octagon Sports and Entertainment Network as Rogers and Collins VIP Services division Film Fashion and Octagon Celebrity Consultancy First Call were both rebranded as ITB Worldwide. At Jack Morton, one of the world's largest experiential agencies, we saw new clients added this quarter, including James and Irish Whiskey and MillerCoors and the appointment of a new Chief Creative Officer. When we say we are client centric holding company, it means we support and invest in our agency brands, and put collaboration at our core. This focus has meant we remain vital in new business. We drive high levels of industry recognition, and we are able to attract and retain diverse talent who want to develop their careers with us. The best creative ideas come from strong agency brands. These kinds of ideas of platforms that help our clients uncover new ways of doing business. Creativity also enables our integrated marketing experts to craft campaigns that connect more deeply with people and help brands earn their way into people's lives. Ultimately, this means that our most creative people can actually build the new products and services that help clients drive business transformation. The strength of our agencies was made clear two weeks ago, when IPG agencies dominated the Ad Age A list awards, with more agencies included in the evening than any other holding company. This investment in people and brands also explains why LinkedIn recently ranked IPG the number one holding company to work for within the ad sector. And why just a few weeks ago, the Human Rights Campaign named IPG, a Best Place to Work the LGBTE quality, marking our 10th year of receiving the ladder distinction. Looking ahead, new business activity remains sound. And we're seeing all of our agencies invited in a range of opportunities. Of course, we also remain disciplined when it comes to managing costs. This is what has allowed us to make such great strides when it comes to enhancing the company's profitability over the long-term. The first quarter is seasonally our smallest quarter. And we have most of 2019 still ahead of us. But the tone of the business is solid, as you've seen today. Our client conversations are constructive with respect to their plans for brand investment, and consumer engagement. These discussions reflect the value that we bring to the table and helping clients navigate the complex media and consumer environment. The results that we're sharing today is indicative of the solid start to 2019. We believe that we remain well positioned to deliver the financial targets that we outlined earlier this year of 2% to 3% organic growth. Given the headwinds we'll be facing as well as the fact we will be comping against industry leading growth rates, targeting competitive organic growth performance speaks to the strength of our underlying offerings. Along with this level of growth, we continue to target adjusted EBITDA operating margin of 40 to 50 basis points compared to our 2018 results, excluding the impact of our charge in this quarter. This builds on a strong long-term record in this area. At the same time we will continue to invest in the outstanding talent and emerging capabilities that are required to position us for the long-term. Combined with the transformative opportunities of our enhanced ability to connect marketing with data and our commitment to capital return, that means there remain significant potential for value creation and enhance shareholder value. As always, it's appropriate to thank our clients and our people who are the foundation of our success. With that, I'll open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan. You may ask your question.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you very much. I guess, Michael, looking at the impressive outperformance once again in the quarter, can you provide a bit more detail on I guess what were the drivers behind it specifically? I know you touched on a lot in your opening comments. You talked about the strength in Mediabrands and the Health Group, for example, and the verticals. But I'm trying to really more figure out how much is just this ongoing healthy growth we're seeing in your underlying business versus maybe how much was still a benefit or more an additional benefit, I should say from new business tailwinds?
Michael Roth: Well, there's nothing wrong with having new business tailwinds. And certainly the fact that we came into the year with new business on the box and we've actually had a good first quarter in terms of new business add that helps. And that's the solid sign of our tone. I think, we said this now we've outperformed now for like five years, something like that. And I think it really goes through our strategy and our core competencies, we really - the notion of open architecture, the notion of having strong brands that we bring to the table to focus on the client's needs, and we have the resources and talent to meet those needs. I think we're seeing that in our results. I've attended a number of these top to top meetings with the senior management CEOs of our clients and we're sitting in a room with media, with FCB and McCann with Weber, we're all sitting in the same room focusing on client's needs. I mean, that that is what clients want to see from us. And if you look at our new business wins, you see that cross collaboration of our agencies coming to life. And I think clients realize that we have the resources to meet their needs. And frankly, if the agency of record is not the agency that is bringing it to them, they can look to the rest of IPG to solve their solutions. And I strongly believe that the fact that we have the talent, we have a solid organization that is stable. We continue to outperform, which is an indication that we continue to have a strong retention of our key people and we continue to invest. I think the Acxiom investment that we made is proving out, I mean, a lot of the meetings that we're having include Acxiom sitting at the table. And frankly, we really even haven't rolled out these opportunities we see with Acxiom as we said, we're going to do that later in this year. So the integration of Acxiom is going along very nicely, and it's evident in the new business and servicing our clients. So I think when you put it all together and the fact that we still maintain those brands and clients like to be dealing with brands and we continue to invest it, we didn't reposition all of our assets to do what we should be able to do just by bringing in the best of IPG and the tone reflects that.
Alexia Quadrani: And then just a follow-up, if I May, if we look forward, I know you don't like when I ask more short term questions, but I'm going to sneak one in. We've heard some of the accounts seem a bit slower to move the ones that have announced they might be - they're shifting agencies. They seem a bit slow to move. But I noticed in your opening remarks, you also mentioned that you didn't really feel a lot of the losses that you - a few losses that you had in the back half of the year. You haven't felt them in Q1 yet. Should we assume that maybe some of those headline losses are more of a second half of the year headwind versus Q2?
Michael Roth: Yes. Which - I thought you were going to ask right out, why you were 2% to 3% when you have such a strong first quarter.
Alexia Quadrani: That could be my next one.
Michael Roth: Okay, well and look we're very transparent, we called out that we have the headwinds, I hate losing clients and we lost a number of clients at the end of the year. And as I said, we're not going to see the impact of that starting in the second quarter, but on the second half of the year, which is why the 2% to 3% - by the way, 2% to 3%, still is on the high end of our sector, and that builds into the loss of those clients. We do a bottoms up for the full year when we put out that number. So the loss of those clients are reflected in our forecast. And we're still forecasting numbers that are better than the sector. So I think it goes to the confidence we have in our people and our agencies. And yes, I mean, that's why we've kept it at 2% to 3%. Now, hopefully, when we get to the second quarter, we're going to take another hard look at that, and see how the new business wins are coming on board and how we're performing and we'll take another look at that number. But that's the reason we haven't adjusted 2% to 3% and I think it's a smart thing to do given that we haven't yet seen the impact of those client losses.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you so much.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open, you may ask your question.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you, good morning. Michael, I don't know if you were surprise or not when Publicis bought Epsilon, I am sure you had some reaction that you won't share on this call. But I was really hoping to get how you see the competitive landscape shifting as we see a lot of your competitors diving dig into sort of the broad data technology world in a way we haven't seen in the past. And when you guys announced the Acxiom last year, obviously it was a big deal for IPG and it's been a lot of focus on it. And I'm just wondering if you could update us on how you look at these assets and how you think they compare to what your competitors are pulling together either through acquisitions like Epsilon or maybe through the organic stuff like omni? Because it seems like this is - you started a trend that I don't think is finished. So I love to hear your thoughts on that.
Michael Roth: Yes, look, I mean, when we brought Acxiom frankly the good news is when we bought Acxiom we had choices right, there were other assets out there and we chose the asset that we felt best provided us from a cultural fit, as well as the capabilities that we see that we need. And so we continue to believe that we were fortunate to be able to pick up Acxiom. And yes, I think we've been looking at data as a critical piece of the future facing IPG for a number of years now. And what's great about Acxiom for us is that we were already working with Acxiom. So the culture fit was clear to us. We looked at the issue of integration. Unfortunately in our industry integration is not exactly the strongest suite as proved by some of the transactions that are out there. So what we like about Acxiom is the fact that we believe and it's working out that way that the integration of Acxiom with us is going to be smooth, look, it's not without bumps, but it's smooth because we know them, they fit culturally, we're not duplicating assets within IPG that we have to worry about as some of these other transactions may indicate. They have the core competencies that we were looking for, we view data management as a critical piece of the future part of our business and Acxiom is the leader in data management. We felt that privacy in GDPR was a critical component and Acxiom is rated five start Forester the other offerings that are out there are not. The issue of LiveRamp was one of the questions and we felt that LiveRamp raised some potential issues on conflict and so what we did was, we have a choice. We have a long-term agreement with LiveRamp, which we continue to use, but if our clients want to use another offering, we're comfortable doing that and plugging it in where some of these other transactions, it's part of their core competency. So, I think, there is an inherent issue of conflict going forward and the key to a lot of these transactions is a smooth integration. And we believe that Acxiom for us gives us a competitive advantage on the integration and the core offerings that they have going forward. And frankly time will tell. We're very comfortable with our competitive position clearly in the integrated offering and our results reflect this. And when you add the Acxiom capabilities to best-in-class offerings that we have, we're very comfortable with our competitive position. Even with the transactions that are out there.
Ben Swinburne: Just a follow up, let me be more specifically are you now bringing Acxiom folks into pitches with your broader organization. And you mentioned in your prepared remarks, creative to serve and not an obvious one for this business is that something that you're already starting to weave into the pitch activity in new business or is that further down the line? Just any specifics on the integration would be helpful.
Michael Roth: Yes, we said at that outset that we don't want - the worst thing you can do, because we feel the opportunities with Acxiom is so great is to inundate them with opportunities and basically really confuse and stretch the people and the integration. So we chose intentionally just try it on the medial side. And as I indicated in my remarks we don't - it's not until the latter part of this year that the new products that we were looking at that Acxiom in our media offerings are looking at are not going to be rolled out. So, yes, we do believe that creative and our other offerings even PR have a tremendous opportunity using the capabilities of Acxiom. But we haven't really rolled it out but that doesn't mean we haven't had our clients meet with Acxiom. So what we are doing, in fact, if you look at some of the new wins that we've had Acxiom had a seat at the table. And I wouldn't tell you that it was a critical piece, although we did win some big media business where Acxiom arguably had a critical piece in the win. But as far as the integration of Acxiom with our other agencies, the mere fact that they're sitting at the table, and it's an interesting offering, that clients are really interested in learning about, helped us in the wins. But I'm not going to tell you that that was the critical linchpin in the wind, but let's face it. When you sit at a table and you have the creative capability we have, we have the PR capability, we have the experiential sports and now we have data capability, all sitting in the room, addressing the questions of our clients. It's the holy grail of our business. So - which is why we're so excited about it.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Salmon with the BMO Capital Markets. You may ask your question.
Dan Salmon: Hey, good morning, everyone. Michael, I'm going to ask about M&A a little bit too. But the one I'm interested in is Accenture and Droga [ph], I'd love to hear your
Michael Roth: That question was going to come up either.
Dan Salmon: I figured you were prepared for it. But just your latest thoughts on where not just Accenture, but the traditional consultants sit in terms of their ambitions of continuing to come into the agency and marketing services were it's a business services model. It's not a piece of technology or anything like that. But love to hear your thoughts on that. And then just to circle back on the sort of short-term organic questions, I just want to confirm I think you did say in your prepared results that the first quarter organic growth was in line with your expectations. I know you guys don't guide quarterly, but just maybe to reiterate that. And one last one for Frank, you look with the good performance of the company, that leverage is headed in all the right directions that it should be, but your updated thoughts on the pathway for the balance sheet and the potential restart of share repurchases. I think that's something investors are interested to hear about too.
Michael Roth: All of that Dan. Okay. First of all, yes, it's in line. I mean, it's hard to forecast the 6% organic growth, but we know the first quarter was going to be solid. I kid you if I can tell you, we forecasted it to be 6%. But I think it is consistent with a roll up of all of our agencies. So that part of it is true. Look, the consultants are out there, and again, I'll say, we are just in our business reviews, and actually we're doing our talent reviews right now. We haven't seen a lot of our fees were competing with Accenture. Now, that doesn't mean we're not competing with them. They're already at our clients, which is the - that's the hidden competition that's there. And sometimes there's businesses that they just give to the consultants that they're not giving to us. And that's why part of our business strategy, for example, in Huge and RGA and some of our other agencies, we have business transformation as an expertise that we can bring into our clients itself. In fact, this morning, we're going to be meeting with one of our top clients where RGA has put forth a business transformation case study for them that they're very excited about. And clearly that's the area that we compete with the consultants and it proves that we can compete with them very well. So, yes, they're a force. We've been competing with them now for a while now, it's not news. So the fact that we continue to outperform is an indication that when we go up against them, we do fairly well. But it's those pitches that we don't really get to see that I think when you hear them talking about their growth in their businesses that's there. And we're trying to get at that by expanding our business transformation expertise within our agencies. The fact that they acquired Droga. Look, we compete with Accenture, we compete with Droga. In fact, the win that McCann just had at ADT, Droga was one of the competitors that they won. I told you guys, I'll get to that. So, we're going to compete with them. Now one of the issues of these consulting firms is they are silos, they make our silos look like cakewalk. And the ability for an Accenture to integrate Droga is going to be interesting to watch. Frankly, Droga was with another organization before that, and I don't think there was a lot of integration going on there. So, this will be - they're a formidable agency and we'll continue to compete against them and will continue to compete against Accenture. But the difference is, we have the capabilities and now with the data and with the business transformation consultants that we have in-house, I think we're more formidable for them now. And that's our strategy, how we're going to deal with them. It's part of the business and what's interesting is everything you're seeing happening there is kind of copying our game plan. So, I guess, that's an indication that what we're doing is going pretty well. Our balance sheet - I mean, we committed to the rating agencies that we're going to be out in the market, we're making progress on those numbers. And as soon as we feel comfortable with the rating agencies, we'll return to buying back shares. In the meantime, we increased our dividend, we understand the importance of buybacks to total shareholder return. We've returned $4 billion to shareholders, including dividends and buybacks, and that's part of our game plan moving forward. Whether it's going to be x date or another, I can't give you an answer to that. But it is on our game plan to get back into the market with those options.
Dan Salmon: Thank you, Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Nolan with Macquarie Capital. Your line is open, you may ask your question.
Tim Nolan: Thanks very much. I wanted to ask about Acxiom, coming back to this again. Could you discuss, if this deal is more about third-party or about first-party [Technical difficulty] some comments this week, about a possible flow there in targeted advertising to come for it in the second half of this year, I was quite surprised to hear that especially talking about GDPR for them. But you seem to be pointing to third-party data and regulation around that as being the issue for them. I just wondered if you could maybe comment on if you're seeing anything there? And sort of what Acxiom does you in that regard, if it's more the first party data that gives you the advantage?
Michael Roth: By the way, I'm sorry, your questions, I didn't get to all your questions, they were kind of garbled, I'll try to guess what you said. Look, when we looked at Acxiom, they have a first party data management business that's 70% of their business, okay. And that's a core business that we like, that's a core business that's going to grow. And if you look at the reach of that business and the client base that they have, they do 50 of the top 100 companies. So that is a key driver in acquiring Acxiom. Third-party data is always going to be an issue. And there were plenty of outlets for third-party data and obviously, Acxiom has capabilities in those areas. But as I said before, we - that doesn't mean we're wedded to one particular source of that and we continue to have use other third-party data. But I think the core competency of Acxiom in terms of first party data and managing that data is a critical reason for the transaction. And the use of third-party data is inherent in our business and it will continue to be a key part of it and Acxiom will play an important role of it. So I think all of that is true. And on the GDPR, we're just beginning to see that happening in the United States. And as you know, we're all pushing for uniform legislation. What a nightmare it would be, if we have state by state GDPR. But the fact that Acxiom is the recognized leader in this, and we have experience with it is another core competency that Acxiom brings to the table that we will certainly leverage as we move forward.
Tim Nolan: Yes, that answers it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Bazinet with Citi. Your line is open, you may ask your question.
Jason Bazinet: I just had one question around sort of your comments about industry leading growth and that being driven impart by your open architecture. I guess my question is, if everyone is sort of following your lead on the data side with Epsilon and Merkel, which parallels what you did with Acxiom where would - how would you characterize where the industry is in terms of arranging their assets more effectively to compete with IPG? Do you see movement on that front? Or do you still feel like you're ahead of the pack? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Well, I will tell you that five years ago, all the holding companies were similar, right. And it was appropriate to look at when one holding company perform one way, you would expect the other companies to do the same. I think right now, you're actually seeing a disparity in the go to market strategies in the assets within the holding company for the first time. And Acxiom as part of our portfolio is one of the drivers that distinguishes us from our competitors. The fact that they're out there, Merkel actually to be truthful, Merkel was a transaction that occurred before Acxiom, we did look at Merkel, I will tell you that and it's a good asset. But the fact that [indiscernible] had Merkel now for a while, and we've been competing against them, or actually we're competing against them before we had Acxiom and we did okay. So with Acxiom, we're pretty confident that we can continue to do well from a competitive set. What happens with Epsilon and Publicis, this isn't an easy thing to do integrate, and I think the history of integration there hasn't been exactly stellar. So, we'll deal with them in the marketplace. And I think, certainly, it's an attempt by them to be more in line with ourselves and others in our industry. So yes, it's capabilities when you're successful everyone wants to have similar capabilities. So, yes, I think the answer is there is a convergence, but we have a good head start. And even when we're competing head-to-head, I think our results indicated that our assets are better than the others.
Jason Bazinet: Can I just ask one follow-up, if I think about the sort of the world of data, it seems like what we're talking about, and maybe I'm wrong, but with Merkel and Acxiom and Epsilon is sort of a pretty narrow slice of data capabilities, meaning it's the raw data, but there's a ton of other capabilities that you need on top of that. Are there other sort of pieces of the data puzzle that you or others in the industry need to crack the code on? Or is it really just a function of once we have the raw sort of inputs, IPG sort of knows what to do with it.
Michael Roth: My guess would be, now that you see these transaction in these data companies, there'll be startups that are focusing on holes within those assets. And then, you'll see acquisitions going on within that space. So there's always going to be a bigger boat, or a new offering, that we will be opportunistic in the marketplace. Right now, these are the players that are out there. And we're very happy with our positioning in that market. But we are - we do believe that there'll be other offerings out there as the market evolves. So, yes, I mean if you look at our industry right now, five years ago, it was a totally different environment. So the reason we bought Acxiom is because five years from now, we want to still be relevant and competitive.
Jason Bazinet: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Nathanson with Moffett Nathanson. Your line is open, you may ask your question.
Michael Roth: Michael?
Michael Nathanson: Hey. Can you hear me?
Michael Roth: Yes, yes.
Michael Nathanson: Oh, cool. Thanks. So, I have one for Michael and one for Frank. So for Michael, what are the keys to IPG's growth has been healthcare. It's been pretty impressive. So I know you call it FCB Health this quarter. But when you step back the past year or two, what is driving in that growth, is it a capability, is it client wins, special sauce you have in healthcare? Because it's truly fascinating any other company in the space that you compete with?
Michael Roth: Yes, I know. It's a fair question, actually 26% of our business is in healthcare. And by the way, McCann Health is a global health care provider, we need to exclude them, I said we had healthcare assets within IPG and McCann Health is certainly a key part of that. And yes, I think that's where the action is right now. Frankly, if you look at where a lot of the media bodies are right now, a lot of the media spend is in the healthcare side of the business. What we do what always impresses me about our healthcare offerings is the depth of our expertise in terms of - it's actually experts, and it goes to the pharma side of the business and capabilities by drugs. And we have the ability to fill teams that know that specific disease, and we have doctors and we have experts within it communicating with the doctors themselves in terms of how you - how these particular drugs are used, and when is it appropriate. So the depth of our expertise within IPG and healthcare is just amazing. And like I said, when you use open architecture, we can actually pick the right agency by disease. So one of the tops that I was sitting at was a healthcare client. And we had FCB Health and we had McCann Health sitting in the room because each of them have a different expertise that the clients want to tap into. I mean, that's the most powerful offering you can have. So I think it's not by accident that we're seeing growth, because candidly, we have that kind of capabilities. And it's, the creative part of it, it's the data part of it. We have unique data with respect to healthcare, and we have all these tools and resources that are just amazing. And when you see it come to life in these meetings with their clients, you feel good and you understand why not only is it 26% of our business is growing double-digits. So that's a pretty good combination to have in this environment. Now, that said, I remember when healthcare was not growing double-digits when a lot of the products were coming off of patent and the generics were there. So right now, there's a healthy pipeline of new drugs and we're a very competitive force in that marketplace. And I like our positioning in it for sure.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. And then can I guess you ask Frank one math one, I can't believe you made it this far. We got questions this morning on organic growth at Acxiom because I know there's a divestment number in the acquisition number, but when you look at the growth from last year. Looks like it's slowed down a lot this quarter. So can you help us understand the actual organic growth in Acxiom this quarter?
Frank Mergenthaler: Michael, we don't disclose it. It's growing consistent with our expectations, the business is healthy. So I don't know what math you're doing, but we're not going to get into talking on the call about things that are not in public disclosure.
Michael Nathanson: Okay, thanks.
Frank Mergenthaler: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Joyce with Evercore ISI. Your line is open, you may ask your question.
David Joyce: Thank you. Just a follow up on the Acxiom discussion. When you are meeting with clients and talking about data privacy concerns. What's the current status there? I know we're still waiting for legislation, but are there concerns that you have competitors that may be using the service as well or might be leaving, if you could just talk about those puts and takes?
Michael Roth: I can't talk about our competitors, but I can tell you our capabilities. And we've been through it in Europe. We came through it very well. We didn't see any hiccups on GDPR, we saw actually there were more opt ins than opt outs. So everything was handled pretty smoothly. And that gives us a high level of comfort that when it gets launched in the United States, our capabilities are going to stand out again. And frankly, that's why Forrester has us rated as hot. Look, the key to this is trust. And it's very important when clients turn over their data or work with their data, that they do it with an organization that has that kind of reputation of trust and has the experience and that's what we liked about Acxiom, the longevity of the relationship with the clients is amazing. Their view of the client surveys on their capabilities have been very impressive. And even when we did our due diligence on buying Acxiom, they were onboarding a new client and the feedback we got from that particular client on onboarding versus where they were was pretty impressive. So I'm very comfortable that whatever comes out in GDPR in U.S., we have the assets that will be very competitive and solve our client's needs.
David Joyce: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, I'll turn the call back over to Michael for final thoughts.
Michael Roth: Well, I thank you all for your participation. As I said, this is the first quarter it's better to start the first quarter with these results than other results. And I look forward to talking to you with our second quarter results. Thank you for your support.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The Interpublic Group Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2018 Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our results for the fourth quarter and 2018. As usual, Ill start out by covering the highlights of our performance, as well as our outlook for the New Year. Frank will then provide additional details and Ill conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by our Q&A. Were very pleased to report strong performance for both the quarter and full-year. At the top of our financial highlights, organic net revenue growth was 7.1% in the fourth quarter. That brings organic growth for the full-year to 5.5%, which exceeds our latest 4.5% growth target. These are outstanding results. Regionally, fourth quarter U.S. organic growth was 6.3% and international growth was 8%. We grew organically in every region of the world, during the quarter as well as the full-year. We saw very broad participation across agencies, disciplines and client sectors. FCB, Mediabrands, Huge, McCann and R/GA were all notably strong in the fourth quarter. Top-performing client sectors were consumer goods, healthcare, retail and auto. In the quarter, the total growth of our net revenue was 13.3%, which reflects both our organic increase and the revenue of Acxiom. This is our first report with the consolidated results of Acxiom, having completed our acquisition on October 1. We were pleased with Acxioms fourth quarter performance, which was fully on track with our expectations. But to be clear, Acxioms growth is not included in our organic growth of 7.1%, and will not be until the fourth quarter of 2019. Turning to our operating income and adjusted EBITDA. Fourth quarter operating income was $459 million, which includes deal expenses for the Acxiom acquisition, as well as acquisition-related amortization expense. Excluding those two items, our EBITDA was $504 million and adjusted EBITDA margin on net revenue was 20.9%. For the full-year, adjusted EBITDA was $1.08 billion and our adjusted EBITDA margin was 13.5%. Thats an increase of 70 basis points from a year ago, at the high-end of our targeted range for 2018. Full-year diluted earnings per share was $1.59 and was $1.86 as adjusted for Acxiom deal expenses, amortization of acquired intangibles and net losses from the disposition of small non-strategic agencies over the course of the year. Thats an increase of 33% over comparable adjusted EPS of $1.40 a year ago. Our results for the year further demonstrates the strength of our client-centric integrated offerings and the quality of our people, which should produce leading organic growth and margin improvement over a period of many years. It underscores a distinctive level of achievement amidst significant change in our industry and the environment in which we operate. All of our people can take pride in these accomplishments. Their talent and the great work they do everyday on behalf of our clients is what drives such terrific results in the marketplace and for our shareholders. We thank them for their ongoing hard work and dedication. Its equally important to note that, along with strong performance, we have continued our investments in outstanding talent across our agencies and in the tools and capabilities that keep us on the leading edge of our dynamic industry. This is especially true in key areas like creative, digital, data and analytics. On this note, our acquisition of Acxiom was the signature investment in our space during 2018, and we think for years to come. On the strength of these results and our future prospects, we are pleased to announce this morning our Boards decision to raise IPGs quarterly dividend by 12% to $0.235 per share. This marks our seventh consecutive year of dividend increases, over which time our quarterly dividend per share has nearly quadrupled. As we turn to our outlook for 2019, we do so with the foundation of agencies competing successfully in our commercial marketplace over many years, and converting revenue growth to operating profit at leading rates. We are focused on deleveraging our balance sheet following the Acxiom transaction and returning capital to shareholders, all of which furthers our commitment to driving shareholder value. The worldwide tone of business among our clients remains solid through year-end, as is apparent in our results. While there is shared concern around macro issues, which include the aging economic expansion, political turmoil, international trade and interest rates, the backdrop appears sound as we entered the New Year. With that, our opportunity for solid growth in 2019 is promising, even as we are comparing against industry-leading growth rates and revenue headwind due to certain account losses that we saw at the end of last year. These are not the norm for us. We will have largely cycled through their impact by this time next year, and we are well-positioned to bring our world-class offerings to compete for meaningful new business opportunities that are coming up over the course of this year. For 2019, were targeting competitive organic growth of 2% to 3%. The growth of Acxiom again is not included in our organic calculation until the fourth quarter. Turning to expenses and EBITDA margin for 2019, we anticipate that we will take cost actions in Q1 for headcount reduction and to exit real estate, mainly due to the account losses in 2018 and to implement certain other additional headcount actions to further right-size our cost structure. The largest accounts driving these actions are the Army and FCA Media North America. These cost actions will result in a charge to Q1 earnings, which has yet to be finalized, so we currently anticipate that it will be in a range of $30 million to $40 million. We expect to continue to add to our longstanding record of margin expansion in the upcoming year. Were targeting adjusted EBITDA margin expansion of 40 to 50 basis points over the results we are reporting today, excluding the cost actions we expect to take in Q1, which would bring us to 13.9% to 14%. As always, as the year unfolds, we will regularly review our perspective on the year during our quarterly calls. In summary, we believe that the drivers of shareholder value creation and the quality of our people, revenue growth, margin expansion and share dividends will continue to work well at Interpublic, as we enter a New Year. At this stage, Ill turn things over to Frank for additional detail on our performance and then Ill return with the update and highlights of our business. Frank?
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. As a reminder, Ill be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, youll see a summary of our results. Fourth quarter net revenue growth was 13.3% and organic growth was 7.1%. U.S. organic growth was 6.3% and international organic growth was 8%, with increases across all regions. For the full-year, organic was 5.5%, which does not include Acxioms growth. Q4 adjusted EBITDA margin on net revenue was 20.9%, compared with 20.1% a year ago. For the full-year, our adjusted EBITDA grew 13% and margin expanded 70 basis points to 13.5%. For the quarter, our adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.89, which excludes Acxiom transaction costs, the amortization of acquired intangibles and losses from dispositions of certain small non-strategic agencies. Thats an increase of 39% from comparable Q4 2017. For the full-year, our diluted EPS was $1.86, an increase of 33% from comparable 2017. As Michael mentioned, we announced this morning that our Board has once again significantly increased our common share dividend by 12% to $0.235 per share quarterly. Turning to Slide 3, youll see our P&L for the quarter. Ill cover revenue and operating expenses details on the slides that follow. Turning to revenue on Slide 4. Fourth quarter net revenue was $2.41 billion, compared to Q4 2017 the impact of the change in exchange rates was a negative 1.6%, while net acquisitions added 7.8%. Resulting organic revenue increase was 7.1%. Net revenue growth for the full-year was 7.5%, consisting of 5.5% organic growth and a positive 1.8% from net acquisitions, while currency was a positive 20 basis points. As you can see on the bottom half of this slide, Q4 organic growth at our integrated agency network segment was 7.4%. Growth in IAN was led by FCB, Mediabrands, McCann, R/GA and Huge. At our CMG segment, organic growth was 5.1% in the quarter, driven by standout growth by Weber Shandwick and Golin and public relations. Corporate and other segment revenue was $182 million, which is Acxioms Q4 revenue. Organic growth rates for the full-year were 6% in IAN and 3.4% at CMG. Moving on to Slide 5 revenue by region. In the U.S., fourth quarter organic growth of net revenue was 6.3%. We were led by a range of agencies, notably FCB, Mediabrands, Weber Shandwick, Huge and MullenLowe. For the full-year, U.S. organic growth was 5.1%, with increases across most client sectors, including healthcare, auto, financial services and consumer goods. Turning to international markets, we had another strong quarter in the UK with 9.6% organic growth. We continue to see contributions at a number of our agencies, such as McCann, Mediabrands and Weber Shandwick. For the full-year, UK organic growth was 9.7%, an outstanding performance. In Continental Europe, organic growth was 4.1%. This was highlighted by growth in each of our largest national markets: Germany, France, Spain and Italy. Full-year organic growth was 5.3%. In Asia Pac, net organic growth was 6.6% in Q4, paced notably by strong growth in Japan, India and China. Organic growth in the region was 3.9% for the full-year. LatAm grew 17.4% organically in Q4. We continue to see strong performance throughout the region, with double digit increases in Colombia, Argentina, Chile, Mexico and Brazil. We were led by Mediabrands, McCann, Huge, FCB and R/GA. Organic growth for the full-year was 11.7%. In our other markets group, organic growth was 8% in the quarter, with strong increase in Canada and the Middle East. Full-year organic growth was 3.4%. Moving on to Slide 6 on operating expenses, which remained well controlled in the fourth quarter. Compared to our net revenue growth of 13.3%, Q4 net operating expenses increased 12.2% as adjusted for Acxiom transaction expenses and the amortization of acquired intangibles. For the full-year, operating expenses similarly adjusted grew 6.7%, supporting net revenue growth of 7.5%. Our ratio of total salaries and related expenses to revenue for the full-year was 66%, compared with 66.8% a year ago. Underneath that, we continue to drive efficiencies on our investment in base payroll, benefits and tax, which is our largest cost category where leverage improved 120 basis points for the year. And our expense for performance-based incentive compensation and salaries increased to 3.7% of revenue for the year. That was driven by performance against our operating targets for revenue and margin growth. At year-end, total headcount was approximately 54,000, an increase of 3,800 from a year ago, with more than half of the increase due to the addition of Acxiom. As you would expect, headcount increased in growth areas of our portfolio, including media, digital services and our healthcare specialists. Our office and other direct expenses was 16.9% of full-year net revenue, compared with 17% a year ago. We leveraged our expenses for occupancy during the year by 30 basis points. That was partially offset by increased investments in data and other general expenses. Our SG&A expense increased as reported $267 million for the full-year, which includes $35 million of Acxiom deal expenses in the second-half of the year. As adjusted for transaction costs, our SG&A expense was $132 million in 2018, compared with $119 million in 2017. The increase includes higher incentive compensation expense and increase investment in shared services and systems. A little further down this page, our expense for depreciation in 2018 was $165 million, which is up from $136 million for the year before. The increase is primarily due to the increased investment in data and software, an additional $10 million of Q4 depreciation on Acxiom book  Acxioms books. Acquired intangibles amortization for the year was $38 million, compared with $21 million in 2017, with the difference being $17 million in Q4 related to the Acxiom acquisition. Turning to Slide 7. We present detailed adjustments to our reported fourth quarter results in order to give you better transparency and a picture of a comparable performance. This begins with our reported results and steps through to adjusted EBITDA and our adjusted diluted EPS. Beginning with our operating expenses, in SG&A, Acxiom transaction costs were $23 million in the quarter. Our D&A expense includes $22 million for the amortization of acquired intangibles. Below operating expense, we lost in the quarter $12 million in other expense related to disposition of few small non-strategic businesses. In our tax provision, we recorded a net benefit in the quarter from a number of discrete tax items totaling $24 million, which we have backed out here. At the foot of this slide, we show the after-tax impact per diluted share of these adjustments. The total was $0.05 per diluted share, which is the difference between $0.84 reported and $0.89 as adjusted. Slide 8 depicts similar adjustment for the full-year again for continuity and comparability. Acxiom transaction costs were $35 million in operating expense and $14 million below operating income. Our amortization expense was $38 million. At right, adjusted EBITDA was $1.08 billion. Business dispositions over the course of the year resulted in a book loss of $62 million. The impact of discrete tax items was a benefit of $24 million. The result is adjusted full year diluted EPS of $1.86. Note that our adjusted effective rate for the full-year was 24.5%, which is below the 27% to 28% we had targeted. It reflects the 2018 benefit of certain tax planning strategies. For 2019, our forecast for our normalized effective tax rate is 26% to 28%. On Slide 9, we turn to cash flow for the full-year. Cash from operations in 2018 was $565 million, compared to $882 million a year ago. The comparison includes $431 million used in working capital in 2018. Its not unusual for working capital be volatile from year-to-year due to variations of timing of collections and payments in our media business, which can be large. Investing activities used $2.5 billion a year, which, of course, is mainly our acquisition of Acxiom. CapEx was $177 million. Our financing activities included debt proceeds of $2.5 billion raised to purchase Acxiom for $2.3 billion gross. We paid stock dividends of $322 million and share repurchases in the first-half of the year were $177 million. Our net decrease in cash was $121 million. Slide 10 is the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the year with $673 million of cash and equivalents. Slide 11 depicts the maturities of our outstanding debt. Total debt at year-end was $3.7 billion, which is a reduction of $100 million from the pro forma schedule at the end of the third quarter. In summary, on Slide 12, were pleased with our performance in the quarter and the year. Our teams executed very well achieving strong revenue growth, while maintaining expense discipline. Our balance sheet continues to be a strong and meaningful source of value creation as evident in the actions announced by our Board today, and we are on our front foot strategically. That leaves us well-positioned entering 2019. With that, Ill turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. Well, were certainly pleased with the quarter and the year with respect to both growth and profitability. Our sector-leading performance with growth well ahead of our core competitors during the year, along with significant margin expansion, demonstrates the continued competitiveness of our offerings, the effectiveness of our long-term strategy and the strength of our culture. We work to create a company that is positioned to address four fundamental changes in our industry. First, a need to adapt to rapidly changing consumer media habits; second, the potential for disintermediation, as clients work directly with digital platforms; third, the in-housing of certain marketing practices; and finally, the threat though still in the early stages of new entrants into our competitive space. Todays results point to our ability to adapt to rapid change. Long-term, we believe that our many strengths, including the differentiated strategic decision to acquire Acxiom, will allow us to successfully address and capitalize on the elements that underlie each of those four headline challenges. We remain optimistic about our ability to thrive in this environment. Ill speak to the Acxiom capability shortly, and we will be sharing a lot more about unlocking the potential on future calls with you. Turning now to the highlights of our annual performance, which was led by Mediabrands, which once again posted outstanding results globally. Growth was especially notable at our digital offering, Cadreon and Reprise, further demonstrating the key role these high-value offerings play in our media engagements. UM closed the year with a major global new business win, following Quicken loans and Henkel early in the year, all of which will help balance out the account losses I mentioned earlier. The agency also promoted a long-term leader into the U.S. CE role, and UM was named one of Ad Age list of Best Places to Work in 2019. Initiative continued to be a great turnaround story for IPG. The agency had a headline win in the Q  in Q4 with KPMG and won a special notable win at the start of this year with UPS, along with the marketing agency who together were tapped for integrated media and creative duties. Media brands itself was also named a Best Employers For Diversity by Forbes. FCB closed the year very strong in terms of its financial results and added to the business with a number of wins in LatAm, Europe and the U.S. FCB Health drove significant growth for the network and launched Solve(d), a data-backed practice at the end of the third quarter. In the U.S., FCB New York received news assignments from GSK in Q4. McCann made news with several global leadership appointments, notably at MRM//McCann, which promoted a long-term female executive from within to the post of global CEO. MRM//McCann was named the industrys B2B Agency of the Year by Ad Age. In addition, McCann saw a number of additional new business wins, following the Opel/Vauxhall win in Europe at the end of the third quarter. McCann also delivered two of the best received ads at the Super Bowl. The agencys efforts for its Microsoft and Verizon clients scored number one and two in the digital social conversation about TV commercials run during the game, according to metrics from Advertising Age. McCanns ad from Microsoft also topped the list of most effective ad shown during the game according to a consumer survey fielded by Unruly. At the end of the fourth quarter, MullenLowe announced an exciting agency record win for the Sennheiser global consumer business. MullenLowe also saw a particularly strong performance from the networks media arm, Mediahub throughout the fourth quarter, picking up new business from Bloomin Brands and Dropbox. In LatAm, MullenLowe was named Network of the Year at the regions most important creative awards festival. Among our marketing service agencies in CMG, we saw an acceleration of top line growth at Golin, Weber Shandwick and Octagon. Weber Shandwick continued to prove a leader in its face and launched a new global management consultancy practice specializing in transformation called United Mines. The PR firm closed the year by winning the prolonged record business and being named the Best Place to Work in 2019 by Ad Age. Our specialist agencies continue to elevate and expand their offerings, experiential agency, Jack Morton, launched a global innovation practice Genuine X and appointed a number of new creative leads. Octagon had a standout performance for the year, both in terms of growth and profitability and was named the Best Agency in Talent Representation at the Sports Business Awards. At R/GA, we passed the mantle of leadership from industry icon and founder, Bob Greenberg, who remains in the role of Chairman to longtime agency leader, Sean Lyons, who is now global CEO. The agency also made a number of key appointments in the quarter, including senior talent in its creative department, ushering in a new generation of leadership. Brooklyn headquartered Huge continued to bolster agency talent and capabilities and they saw a standout performance for the year as a result of major new projects in the U.S. and Asia. Our U.S. independents round out our portfolio. These agencies deliver a range of integrated services to their clients and also augment the rest of the IPG offering in a collaborative open architecture solutions. Martin Agency picked up major new business with Buffalo Wild Wings and UPS, which is returning clients as part of the Open Architecture collaboration with Initiative, as we previously mentioned. The agency continues to deliver iconic creative work, notably this quarter was Geicos Greatest Hits, featuring the agencys longtime clients best ads dating back to 1997. Were very proud of the Martin Agencys performance in 2018 under its first-ever female CEO. Deutsch promoted creative talent and saw wins with Vigo, the all in one insulin delivery device and a global stock of marketing project with Budweiser. Just last week, Deutsch was named global creative agency of record for Reebok. South Carolina-based EP+Co, which is one of IPGs agencies to watch, continues a successful run of client growth, which has led the agency to significantly expand its leadership team. Open architecture solutions that integrate the best of our talent across the organization by means of customized client teams continue to be an area of focus and success for us in 2018. In contrast to some of our peers, IPGs long established hybrid approach is to invest in and protect agency brands, while promoting collaboration. This puts our company in a strong position that appeals to talent and clients with respect to career development, as well as speed of service for clients. In the fourth quarter, Acxiom results are consolidated with IPG for the first time. And were pleased to say that actual performance met both the revenue and profit targets we had set for the agency in the quarter. As weve noted on prior investor calls, this acquisition was about growing a great business at Acxiom and about revenue synergies, and we expect to see those synergies begin to come to life over the course of 2019. To date, Acxiom provides the data foundation for many of the worlds largest and most sophisticated marketers. They removed the pain points of organizing and cleansing data, which in turn positions these large marketers to leverage their data. This gives Acxiom broad reach into large enterprises, including about half of Fortune 100 companies. These are deeply embedded service relationships, with long average life spans and very strong renewal rates. All of us operate in an increasingly data-centric ecosystem, which means that most of media and marketing will be centered around precision marketing, especially the ability to manage first-party data to create deeper, direct consumer relationships, where we can connect with individual consumers at scale. Marketing needs to be done at the right place, right time with the right consumer, but thats easier said than done. Data capabilities unpack an understanding of the entire customer journey. Thats a core principle in our era of fragmented media. Strategically, the acquisition puts us ahead several years to a fulfillment of our strategy in data and analytics. Together with our companys best-in-class offerings across media, creative, digital and marketing service, we have positioned with a strong competitive advantage in our market. As we continue to fully integrate Acxiom, were able to make our clients data work harder for them and can deliver a more efficient marketing. Were beginning to see this play out in pitches now, where sophisticated clients initially in the media space are asking us to pressure test our ability to link their first-party data with an external data stack to deliver better business outcomes. Turning back to our overall results. Its clear that despite a challenging revenue environment, we posted growth that was well ahead of the industry average. We also demonstrated our ability to remain focused on and deliver margin improvement. This is consistent with our long-term record of improving profitability in both higher and more moderate growth environments. This is an achievement we are proud of. Our capital return programs continued to be significant drivers of value. In 2018, we returned capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. The latter were appropriately suspended on a temporary basis due to the Acxiom acquisition. During the year, however, we returned approximately $322 million in the form of dividends and an additional $117 million via share repurchases. We intend to return to share repurchases as we make progress on reducing our debt levels. Given the leverage required to complete the Acxiom acquisition, we are pleased that the rating agencies acknowledge the strength of our financials and the strategic value of the deal by reaffirming their ratings for us. Our public debt issuance to finance the acquisition was a success across the Board. While the Acxiom financing was a landmark capital markets transaction for IPG. It bears noting that we continue to invest in our most innovative capabilities, as well as additional targeted M&A outside of Acxiom, ensuring that our offerings stay relevant and differentiated in a highly dynamic media and marketing environment. Our Boards decision today to once again meaningfully increase the dividend shows a continued commitment to return value to shareholders, as well as confidence in our future prospects. Looking forward against the backdrop of global uncertainty, the tone of the business is good and we have some new visits opportunities coming up. The breadth and strength of our portfolio, however, positions us well to participate in nearly all sizable pitches and there is further organic growth to be had by broadening the scope of our relationships with our existing clients. In light of these factors, we believe that we should continue to see competitive organic revenue performance in 2019, which is why were targeting 2% to 3% organic growth for this year. Given the headwinds we are facing due to a couple of sizable client losses in late 2018, as well as the fact we are comping against industry-leading growth rates, the fact that were able to target competitive organic growth performance speaks to the strength of our underlying offerings. We are also focused on our client-centric model to assure retention of our important client base as we move forward. Along with this level of growth, were targeting adjusted EBITDA margin expansion of 40 to 50 basis points over the results were reporting today, excluding the cost actions we expect to take in Q1. This builds on a strong term- term record in this area. At the same time, we will continue to invest in the outstanding talent and emerging capabilities that are required to position us for the long-term. Combined with the transformative opportunities of our enhanced ability to connect marketing with data and our commitment to capital return, that means there remain significant potential for value creation and enhance shareholder value. As always, we thank our clients and our people who are the foundation of our success. With that, Ill open up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Alexia Quadrani of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you very much, and congratulations guys on such an impressive quarter here. The revenue growth really is unbelievable. My question really is on the  just the organic revenue growth that we saw in the fourth quarter. Do you have a sense maybe to talk broadly about how much may have  it may have benefited from some project business or sort of a budget flush towards year-end? And how much was kind of the underlying growth of the business, the strength of the business that youve sort of been seeing all year? And then I have a follow-up.
Michael Roth: Yes. As you know, our fourth quarter is typically when we see an increase in projects and, in fact, we saw that. That was evidenced then by the strong fourth quarter result. For example, at Weber Shandwick and Golin, as well as Octagon. So, I dont consider necessarily a flush of spending. I think its pretty difficult to have these projects operate in the fourth quarter. But what it does signal is the tone and the fact that our clients continue to value our marketing services in terms of their ability to do events and project to reach their consumers.
Alexia Quadrani: And then on the, I guess, two other quick questions. One, the growth in the UK continues to be so strong. Are you sensing theres some good market share gains there from competitors? Can it continue through Brexit? And then maybe just a follow-up for Frank as well on incentive comp in temp labor that trends up in the quarter, Im assuming reflective of the very strong revenue growth? Is that likes to continue in Q1?
Michael Roth: All of that. First of all, the strength in UK, yes, as we  as you summarized in the fourth quarter, we have 9.6% and for 12 months, were up 9.7%. So those are pretty good results. A lot of it  and whats impressive about that is, its across the Board. Its media, its PR, its advertising. So a lot of that has to do with new client wins and the competitive positioning of us in the UK. We have yet to see any big pullbacks from Brexit, and I know that question comes up all the time. I mean, eventually, depending on what that outcome is, it may be impact, but right now, were just not seeing that. So were very pleased with the results. And just for a comparison, I believe the UK represents about 8% or 9% of our business and were pleased with these results. The incentive comp follows our performance, so frank why dont you comment on it.
Frank Mergenthaler: And lastly, the model is working. We did a very good job of managing our base benefits and tax, both in the quarter and the year, which led us to generate 80 basis point leverage of the entire SRS line, and were able to overcome the increase in incentives and temporarily labor, which are more variable. incentive, as Michael pointed out, is based on performance. temporary labor was around growth. As it relates to 2019, the actions that were taking as relates to the the account losses are what you would have expected, were gradually trying to manage our base benefit in tax. And unfortunately, when you have account losses like that, theres going to be actions around people. Were still servicing those clients as we work through the transition. But we wanted to make sure, we let the investment community know that we recognize there will be some pressure on our SRS lines with that revenue decline and weve got actions underway more to come when we release our first quarter on that specifics.
Michael Roth: We always say its a variable costs model and thats what you do when you have  when you lose a client and unfortunately, we did. The adjustment to that is unfortunately in terms of layoffs and right-sizing the business. And the other side of that is, as we bring new business on, were going to see an increase sometimes in temporary labor until we get the full-time employees embedded in the organization. So it goes both ways. When we win a client, it takes a while for the revenue and we have the expenses. On the other side, we have to take express actions when we lose and  but the business continues to run off.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Salmon of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Dan Salmon: Good morning, everyone.
Michael Roth: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Salmon: Michael, one, maybe high-level one for you and then just a follow-on for either you or Frank. But just obviously Acxiom addresses your interest and desire to sort of grow your capabilities for data management more broadly. Getting beyond that theme of data when you look at your priorities for either tuck-in M&A for transitioning the folks you have working at your agencies, what are the sort of next two or three priorities on your list right now as you just sort of move beyond the acquisition of Acxiom to integrating it? And then secondly, I know youve been reticent in the past to give targets for revenue synergies and fair enough on that. But maybe either you or Frank could give us a little bit of color on how youre thinking about revenue synergies within that 2% to 3% outlook number for organic growth for the year? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Yes. Well, on the revenue synergies, we said that the Acxiom transaction will be accretive. In fact, in the fourth quarter, when we added Acxiom, it was, in fact, accretive and we expect it to continue to be accretive for the full-year 2019. So were very pleased with how thats going in. The synergies wont really be taking effect probably towards the latter part of the year. Right now, were busy integrating the businesses. And the integration of the businesses is  frankly, has given rise to additional revenue synergies versus what our base case was. But it will take sometime to implement some of the things that have to be done to make sure that the integration is correct and then whatever products we bring to market are being brought at the right time with the right people in place. But the good news is that were seeing greater potential revenue on synergy than we anticipated. In the meantime, the base business of Acxiom continues to be solid. Remember, the key aspect of Acxiom was data management, and 65% to 70% of their business is data management and they continue to do an outstanding job there. In terms of our priorities, the  our markets are changing. So, therefore, its important for us to invest in talent. I mean, clearly, it goes without saying digital capabilities, which incidentally we embedded in all of our agencies long-time ago. So every one of our agencies, whether theyd be creative, media, experiential, PR, all have very strong digital capabilities. And then, of course, we have the Huge, R/GA, Profero, MRM, which are our unique digital capabilities within themselves. But we continue to have to invest in the talent. The other is business transformation. Were finding that, that given our relationship with our clients and the work that were doing, we are seeing opportunities for business transformation. So we have been bringing onboard consultants, experts and business transformation, particularly in our digital agencies like R/GA, Huge, MRM and Profero. These business transformation projects are very well received. Theyre dealing with C-suite executives. And, of course, our goal is not only to win the project part of that, but to expand our relationship as a result of that. So one of the emphasis will be to continue to expand our expertise in business transformation. As well as in terms of data, data covers a lot of ground. I do believe were going to see an increase in privacy issues across the country. Acxiom has expertise certainly with GDPR. We have expertise that weve already brought to the market. In the United States, we see it in California. Were going to see it expanding all of the United States. We hope that well see a federal answer to the question of data privacy in the U.S. and thatll give us a great opportunity to leverage the expertise of Acxiom as being the leading provider of these services that have an element of trust, confidentiality and capabilities that are necessary in that environment.
Dan Salmon: And maybe just one quick follow-up. Fair to say that review activity is lower right now than it was a year ago at this time?
Michael Roth: Yes, I think thats fair to say, but I do believe itll start to pick up. I dont think its going to stand still. But a good part of our revenue is coming from our existing clients. And our expertise in terms of working those clients bringing in the additional resources under our open architecture model is the opportunity that we have. I mean, thats the bread-and-butter of our business. And you win  hopefully, you win more than you lose in new reviews and hopefully, there are the other competitors clients that are in review. Unfortunately, we had some bad result in December, but we dont have anything under review now. I dont want to jinx it. And were opportunistic and were feeling good about our ability to compete as they come up in 2019.
Dan Salmon: Great. Thanks, Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Michael, just staying on AMS, [I dont know if you dont] [ph] want to give it to us. I think you sort of talked to it before, but  and I dont trust my own historical AMS numbers, because I know theyve been adjusted a lot since it was owned by LiveRamp. It looked like the business was up north of 8% in the fourth quarter. I dont know if you guys could talk to how the business has performed since youve bought it on a top line basis. I know its accretive to adjusted EPS? And then as you look at the margin guidance for 2019, I would have guessed AMS would be a nice driver of margin expansion. Im just wondering if you unpack the guidance, is there any kind of core underlying margin expansion that youre expecting this year, given all the comments you made about tough comps and the account churning in the business, if you could help us there, that would be great? Thank you.
Michael Roth: I wish I can help you all the way that you asked, of course, but [Multiple Speakers]
Ben Swinburne: Ill take what I can get.
Michael Roth: Okay. Well, look, when we originally did the forecasting of Acxiom, we used a 5% growth number that was out there.
Ben Swinburne: Yes.
Michael Roth: Suffice it to say, what I said, we delivered at least a 5% growth as expected in the fourth quarter. And given all the opportunities and what we believe the market is looking for from Acxiom, obviously, theres a growth participation in our growth through 2019. We also commented that the Acxiom business was on the higher side of margins, and we expect that to continue throughout the year and no, were not going to break out the margins for Acxiom, as you asked. But we do  we  as I said, we do believe it will be accretive to us for the full year.
Ben Swinburne: Yes. If I could just ask one follow-up kind of coming off of Omnicoms call yesterday, I thought John made an interesting comment about competing with weak competitors versus wounded. Some of the account losses youve had, theres been some press around pretty aggressive, I dont know about irrational, but at least aggressive pricing. I guess, if you could just comment on whether you think theres some  that the market is more competitive than its been, and part has to do with some of the struggles from some of your competitors impacting where accounts are going or if its just -- this is sort of what weve been dealing with for years?
Michael Roth: Well, I always look to John as being the wise man in our industry, and I thought well always take his guidance. The fact is, yes, I think, what happens is any company thats  that has some issues, the best way to show the strength of their business is to win business. And needless to say, this business is a very competitive business right now. Actually, it always. Ever since Ive been in this business, its been competitive, and pricing is an important aspect of it. But lets not forget, you dont get the pricing unless you have the capabilities to get there, okay? So when it comes down to pricing, I dont  there are circumstances, where for strategic reasons, some of the competitors may view this as an opportunity to gain market share or put a win on the Board. And sure, to the extent that some of our competitors are lacking revenue as reflected in their results, thats the way of doing it. I think well see on their future performance in terms of how their growth goes and how their margin expansion flows through. And I think youll be able to tell which of the businesses are doing it and which arent. I mean, on a long-term basis, the rub is going to hit the road. You can win a quick business by buying it, but its [Audio Interruption] in the margins. So the fact that were forecasting an expansion of margin for 2019 and organic revenue and we believe in the product that we serve and how we deal with our clients. And in the end, you get what you pay for, and thats how we view our competitiveness in the marketplace.
Ben Swinburne: Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Joyce of Evercore. Your line is open.
David Joyce: Thank you. I was hoping just for some more clarification, help understand the wins and  client wins and losses and the cadence of your  of the revenues. With the big American Express win, did that contribute in the fourth quarter? Should we expect the U.S. Army to be winding down by the end of this first quarter? And whether your 2% to 3% growth guidance really be supported more in the first part of the year, given these puts and takes?
Michael Roth: Well, look, the way -- its still unclear how these businesses in terms of losses are going to roll out. First of all, the losses didnt affect 2018, its principally a 2019 event in terms of the impact, and itll cycle through probably the second quarter and thereafter, if you want to do your modeling on it. And as far as our wins, the losses came in, in December of 2018. Thats why it takes a while for it affect our results in 2019. On the other side of it, we had business wins in 2018 that start to impact a little bit in the fourth quarter, but the bulk of the wins will impact starting in the first quarter of 2019.
David Joyce: And in terms of having so much strength in  across your disciplines and across your regions, are there particular clients who were spending globally that help that, or are there particular verticals?
Michael Roth: Yes. I think its pretty clear that healthcare was a major vertical for us, weve been saying it all year. And for the full-year, it continued to be our largest growth and healthcare is 25% of our business. So thats a strength and we see that continuing into 2019. We did have a pickup in consumer goods. And I was surprised. Everybody would talk about consumer goods. I was expecting the first question to be how come you guys are up on a global basis of consumer goods. Consumer goods is 8% of our business and we had some client wins. So were fortunate in our clients in the consumer goods space, which frankly accounted for a good growth for us on a year-to-year basis. Financial services continue to be solid for us. We saw our auto and transportation growth in that area. Earlier in the year, it was not quite as growing, and we saw an improvement in auto and transportation. Tech and telecom, we had some strain in the first part of the year. We saw some recovery in the second-half of the year. And frankly, food and beverage is probably our weakest sector. But overall, were very pleased with the fact that our business is disbursed versus sectors, and were performing well in most of them.
David Joyce: All right. Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: My pleasure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jason Bazinet of Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Bazinet: I appreciate youre reminding us about the suspension of the buyback. And I guess, I apologize in advance if Ive missed this. But have you ever given a leverage number when you would resume the buyback, or its  were just going to sort of see it turn on at some point in the future?
Michael Roth: Yes. No, we dont. And theres so much that goes into our rating, the tone of the business, the integration of Acxiom and obviously, our cash flow. So what I said in my remarks is how we have to look at it. And that is, as we perform, as we take, we dont have share buyback. So we hopefully delever in terms of paying down debt. And when we reach the right levels, well know it when we see it and well implement buying back shares. We think its important that thered be a balance between returning of capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. Im very pleased with the support the Board has with us with respect to the increase of the dividend, showing that their confidence in the business in the future and how important it is to return capital to our shareholders. So we chose the dividend vehicle this time. And as we delever, well see us getting back into buyback business.
Jason Bazinet: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Michael Roth: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Nathanson of MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Michael Nathanson: Thank you. I have three quick ones. Michael, you talked a lot about the losses in America and what do we do to organic growth. But when you look at the international business, its really amazing how fast youre growing at some markets where theres just no economic strengths. So I wonder, when you look at 2019 internationally, what are you expecting for growth? And anything about just how youve achieved such growth levels in markets like LatAm, which is really struggling, or Western Europe as you talked on? And what do you think about 2019 off of the 2018 run rate?
Michael Roth: Well, again, if you look at the size of our businesses, I think LatAm is a great example of the effect that we have in terms of business wins and losses. We went for a period in time, where LatAm, the business  we were negative because of losses. Fortunately, whether it be McCann or Mediabrands and FCB and MullenLowe, we picked up new business. So we saw a strength in Brazil, which is great to see as a result of some of the new business. Argentina, Mexico are very strong for us. So its across the Board in Latin America, but the good news is Brazil and thats principally driven by new business wins, or actually a new business win or client come back, which is great. With respect to the other markets, the same is true in Continental Europe. The fact that were stronger in Continental Europe. We were up 4.1% in the fourth quarter and 5.3% for the year. That too was very much a new client business-related. And again, its 8% of our business. So a client win here or there gives rise to a nice increase. So I think the answer to your question is, we want to win business in those markets and well see the growth coming from that.
Michael Nathanson: Okay, thanks. And then two quick ones for Frank. Frank, I dont know if we quantified the benefits of cost actions over the year. So how much do you expect to save after you make those actions in the first quarter?
Frank Mergenthaler: Michael, we dont have that information today. Well disclose more on the first quarter call. Were still looking at the specifics, which are both people and real estate. So well get more granularity on the first quarter call. We just want to rage out for new folks the general size of the charge were looking to take.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. And the last one, going back to Bens question just on margins at Acxiom. With your first quarter under management at Acxiom, is there any material change the way you manage the business on a margin side, or should we look at historical margins there as kind of a good guide for what happened on the first quarter under your management?
Frank Mergenthaler: I think that were very supportive of the AMS management team and their margins are very strong. And were looking for opportunities to drive incremental margin, but we havent changed anything materially how they run their business.
Michael Roth: Yes. I mean, thats the key part of the integration and we didnt want to break it. We do it well. We bought them because of their strength. So we have teams. We have great oversight in terms of how we work together. And I got to tell you the relationship between them and IPG is fantastic. And not only were looking at revenue synergies from IPG clients using Acxiom, were seeing a lot of action coming from Acxiom, bringing in IPG businesses. So were really excited about that opportunity.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thank you, both. Thanks, guys.
Michael Roth: Thanks, Michael.
Michael Roth: Well, Im getting the high sign here. So I thank you all for your participation. I know weve got to do it again, but were quite proud of the results for 2018, and we look forward to great results for 2019. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-19 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The Interpublic Group Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn over the call to Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to Forward-Looking Statements about our Company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our third quarter and year-to-date results. I'll start by covering highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide additional detail and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by our Q&A. We are pleased to again report strong financial performance. Third quarter net revenue organic growth was 5.4%. Our adjusted operating income increased 7% to $273 million adjusted for one time transaction expenses from our acquisition of Acxiom. Operating margins similarly adjusted expanded 50 basis points from a year results to 14.4%. The quarter reflects our continued growth in every major world region. U.S. organic growth was 5% while international growth was 6% highlighted by strong increases across LatAm, Asia PAC, Europe and the UK. We also continue to drive growth across all of our major service disciplines led by notably strong performance in media, and increases in advertising, public relations and at our digital specialist agencies. Extensive list of contributing agencies is headed up by Mediabrands, FCB, McCann World group, Huge, R/GA, Weber Shandwick, Golin, MullenLowe and Octagon. In terms of client sectors in the quarter. Our growth was phased by healthcare, tech and telecom, financial services and consumer goods. We saw both existing client increases from a year ago and the benefit of net new business wins. Through nine-months organic growth was 4.9% a strong year-to-date results that again was driven by increases in every major world region and discipline. Growth at these levels continues to underscore the distinctive talents of our people and the strength of our agency brands as well as the differentiated structure of our Company. Our approach to highly strategic areas such as our expanding capabilities in data and analytics and our ability to create seamless open architecture solutions across our agencies has been consistently validated in our results. These are competitive strengths that drive business results for clients and sustain the growth leadership that you are seeing from us once again today. Third quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.41 as reported and was $0.48 as adjusted for transaction expenses for our acquisition of Acxiom and for business dispositions in the quarter. That compares with adjusted diluted EPS of $0.37 a year ago, an increase of 30%. The nine-month period diluted EPS was $0.75 and with $0.93 as adjusted. Turning to our outlook for the full-year, you will recall that we came into 2018 with financial targets of 2% to 3% organic growth and 60 to 70 basis points of operating margin expansion. We raised our sites in April to the high-end of the growth range and raised it again following our strong second quarter to 4% and 4.5% for the full-year. Through nine-months we are confident that performance to date in the current tone of business have us on track to meet or exceed this higher revenue growth range. Along with that, we have also increased our investment in the talent and tools to support current and future growth, while continuing to drive towards our target of 60 to 70 basis points of net revenue margin expansion, excluding one-time deal cost. As you know the quarter was highlighted not only by strong performance, but also by the steps we took to further strengthen our offerings and expand our Companies industry leadership going forward. The quarter began with our announcement that we would acquire Acxiom marketing solutions and concluded with our well-received transaction financing in the debt capital markets followed by our acquisition closing on October 1. Acxiom is a world class data asset, there are many opportunities between our companies which we will discuss later, but it's important to note that with ownership we get Acxioms first part of data management business as all companies look to make their first party data work harder for them and do so in an increasingly regulated and secure environment, Acxiom is considered a premier provider of these service. Furthermore, we see Acxioms ability to leverage data for marketing insights as the foundation for a growing set of opportunities and partnership with our own Media business plus our advertising and marketing services across our Company. As data is playing an increasingly central role in consumer engagement and a creation of the most effective media and marketing solutions, we believe this is a transformational acquisition for IPG. Accordingly, Acxioms expertise and skill positions us to deliver unparalleled benefit to our clients, reception of our acquisition by our people and the people of Acxiom and the support and enthusiasm of both organizations clients has been both gratifying and additionally encouraging. In my closing remarks I will have additional thoughts on Acxiom and the many opportunities ahead of us, along with our updated on our agencies. So at this stage I will turn it over to Frank for additional detail of our results.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you Michael, good morning. As usual, I'll be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, you will see an overview of our results. Organic growth of our net revenue was 5.4% in the third quarter that reflects strong worldwide performance with U.S. growth of 5% and international growth of 6%. For the nine-months year-to-date organic growth was 4.9% with the U.S. up 4.6% and international growth of 5.4%. Q3 operating profit was 262 million and is 273 million as adjusted to exclude one-time cost the Acxiom transaction and operations. Operating margin was 14.4%, again excluding the deal costs, which is increase of 50 basis points from the year ago. Our third quarter results included total of 24.6 million of one-time deal expenses from the Acxiom transaction that consists of 11 million in operations in our SG&A expense and 13.6 million below operating income. The quarter also includes 5.8 million of non operating losses from sales of small nonstrategic agencies. Our adjusted results excludes these items. Diluted EPS in the quarter was $0.41 and was $0.48 as adjusted. For the nine-months, diluted EPS was $0.75 and was $0.93 as adjusted. This year compared with $0.73 a year ago, an increase of 27%. Our Acxiom acquisition financing consists of two billion senior notes and four 500 million tranches and was completed on September 21. In addition, we also took down our 500 million acquisition term loan facility and that was on October 1. Turning to Slide 3, you will see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail and the slides that follow. On Slide 4, net revenue was 1.896 billion which is an increase of 3.4% from Q3 2017. The impact of the change in exchange rates was a negative 1.3% while net dispositions of small nonstrategic agencies were negative 70 basis points. Resulting organic increase was 5.4%. On the bottom half of this slide, net revenue organic growth was 5.7% our integrated agency network segment. We had contributions to the growth from all IAN disciplines and across all of our largest agencies. CMG grew 3.9% organically led by our public relations agencies Weber Shandwick and Golin and by our Octagons sports marketing agency. Moving on to Slide 5. Net revenue change by region. U.S. organic growth was 5% in Q3. Increases were broadly shared across disciplined in agencies. Most notably at Mediabrands, FCB, Huge, Weber Shandwick, Golin and Octagon. In terms of client sectors we were led in the U.S. by healthcare financial services auto and transportation and consumer goods. Organic growth was 4.6% for the nine-months. Turning to international markets, we posted another strong quarter in the UK, which grew 6.8% organically, performance was led by our creatively driven integrated offerings at McCann, strong contribution from Mediabrands and growth at R/GA. Year-to-date UK organic growth has been outstanding at 9.7%. In Continental Europe, Q3 organic growth was also strong at 5.8%, with contributions from both new business wins and increases with existing clients. We grew in each of our largest national markets Spain, Italy, Germany and France as well as many of the smaller markets. The nine-months organic growth was 6%. Asia-Pac growth accelerated 7.5 in Q3 supported by increases across nearly all agencies. Among our largest regional markets, we saw strong growth in Indian, Japan and China while Australia decreased. LatAm grew 12.4% organically. We continue to have very strong growth in Mexico, Argentina and Colombia, while Brazil returned to growth in Q3. With the nine-months organic growth was 9.1%. In our other markets group, net revenue decreased 1.6% organically. Our growth in Canada was more than offset by decreases in the Middle East. Moving on to Slide 6 on operating expense. Net operating expenses excluding the one-time transaction costs increased only 2.9% under our net revenue growth of 3.4%. our ratio of salaries and wage expenses to net revenue in the quarter improved by 50 basis points from the year ago to 66% in the quarter. Operating leverage on our expenses for base payroll and our expense carried to other salaries and related expenses. Going the other way, we delevered against increased expense for performance-based incentive compensation, a result of our stronger financial performance and against increased expense for temporary labor. Our total headcount at quarter end was approximately 51,400, which is an increase of 2% from a year ago. Our office and other direct expenses were 16.7% of net revenue in the quarter compared with 16.5% in Q3 2017. We had 10 basis points of occupancy leverage, but delevered by 30 basis points in all other office and direct expenses in the quarter. Through nine-months, operating leverage on office and other expenses improved by 20 basis points. Our selling, general and administration expenses increased to 21.6 million as reported. That includes 11 million of Acxiom transaction expenses. Excluding deal expenses SG&A expense was 10.6 million in the quarter compared with 13.6 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was 44 million and was 2.3% of net revenue. Slide 7 is the bridge between our reported diluted earnings per share of $0.41 to the adjusted $0.48 per diluted share. As you can see the expense of business dispositions was $0.01 per share. Acxiom transaction expenses were $0.05 per share. These are almost entirely legal and banking costs along with a small amount of net interest expense due pre funding had a closing. Similar bridge for the nine-month period is in the appendix to the presentation on Slide 20, just to note, we expect to report additional Acxiom transaction expenses in Q4 and will call this out accordingly. On Slide 8, we turn to cash flow. Cash from operations in Q3 was 231 million, working capital use 30 million, our investing activities used 50 million in the quarter, mainly for CapEx. Financing activities generated 1.2 billion, results of the two billion from our debt issuance netted against the decrease of 674 million in short-term debt. Our common stock dividend use 80 million. Our net cash increase in the quarter was 1.37 billion. Turning to current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 9, we ended the third with 1.86 billion of cash and equivalents that would be a seasonally high cash flow for September but reflects the proceeds of our debt issued on September 21 plus the reduction in outstanding commercial paper. Completed the Acxiom transaction on October 1st. On Slide 10, total debt on September 30 was 3.3 billion, on October 1st we also barred another 500 million term loan facility from our bank group. Accordingly this picture of our debt matures total of 3.8 billion. To finance the Acxiom transaction, we issued four debt tranches in September of 500 million each maturities of two, three, 10 and 30 years. Those are shown in the blue on the slide, we are very pleased with the participation we received from the fixed income community with the offerings more than six times over prior subscribing and we thank them for their support. Term loan facility matures in 2021, which is indicated here, but is pre payable in part or in whole before maturity and we thank our bank group as well. Our credit ratings remain where they were prior to the transaction, BAA, BBB and BBB Plus, respectively, Moody's and S&P and Fitch. In the case of S&P, they moved us to negative outlook, while looks at Moody's and Fitch are stable. As we have said previously, we are committed to maintaining solid investment-grade ratings and to significant financial deleveraging over the next few years. In the presentation appendix on Slide 21, we have provided a perspective on income statement modeling for the Acxiom acquisition. As a reminder, beginning with our fourth quarter and for the full-year we will be adding metrics of EBITDA, EBITDA margins and adjusted EPS. Summary on Slide 11, it has been a strong quarter in first nine-months, we are pleased with performance and looking forward to the next stages of our growth and with the Acxiom on board. With that let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. Of course we are pleased with our results in the quarter in terms of growth and profitability which continue to distinguish us from our peer group. At IPG, we have been addressing both the opportunities and challenges of an evolving marketing landscape for many years, we have had a differentiated approach on how we collaborate on building out our digital capabilities, our commitment to transparent media practices and now recently our significant investment in data. Taken together, these strategic steps has positioned IPG to address the challenges of the modern market. Furthermore, our values and our culture of the reasons where we are able to attract the best talent. And its why clients want to do business with us. Decade ago we put in leadership across our agencies who like us, believes and investing in our agency brands which allowed us to embed digital expertise across the organization including in media, advertising, PR, healthcare, activation, branding and our marketing services. Our leadership understands that creativity and insights are hiking when you have diverse teams, and inclusive workplace, especially one where people feel empowered to come forward and report issues that run counter to our values. Since that time we have had stable and collaborative leadership in our organization. Leaders who believe in our vision of strong agency brands at work together. This becomes especially important when others are disinvesting in their brands. We believe our strategic decisions over the years, coupled with our talent centric culture one that focused on collaboration, diversity and inclusion have led us to another year of distinctive growth. Looking forward, its key to keep in mind that ours is a constantly changing media and consumer environment, and new opportunities for clients are part of the business that keeps us energized. Engaging the tone of the business for the balance of the year, we see a continued flow of opportunities with existing and potential new clients which underscores our confidence in obtaining the high growth targets we have set out earlier this year. Furthermore, we are net new business positive so far this year. In terms of margin, the quarter demonstrated that we can balance business reinvestment with expanding profitability. As we enter our important fourth quarter, we are fully focused on continuing to enhance margin and achieve our targets for the year. Highlights in the quarter were led by Mediabrands, which once again posted very strong top and bottom line growth. The headline wins for UM or Quicken loans as well as their retention of Charles Schwab. A key win given the agencies nine-year relationship with the brand and the fact that every holding company competed for the business. In addition both UM and initiatives were deeply invested in several major industry pitches during the quarter, including American Express which was awarded to UM last week. Initiative had a string of wins during the first half of the year, including Revlon and Converse and then the third quarter secured the Liverpool Victoria insurance company a major UK advertiser. Their returns and strong growth is a great story for IPG in the industry. Back to media agency report convergence ranked initiative the number one agency in net new business wins naming it the Best Performing Media Agency through the first half of 2018. Our creative networks once again drove solid growth in the quarter. FCB delivered a continued progress, a reflection of the network's focus on its creative product, science and culture. Recent successes included the Kimberly Clark global assignment wins and FCB Canada's win of Home Depot. FCB Health continued its impressive performance with multiple substantial new business wins. The agency is involved in several large pitches as well as especially in the Chicago and New York offices. McCanns performance was driven by strong growth in the UK and Latin America. Gains in U.S. as well as a number of additional international markets. Just last week McCann UK was named Effectiveness Network of the year at 2018 IPA Effectiveness Awards. In addition, McCann World Group India was named Agency of the Year at the 4As 2018 Jay Chiat Award last week. New business wins in the quarter included additional global assignments from Reckitt Benckiser and Opel auto brand in Europe. Tan Health continued its strong performance in the quarter and continued to garner industry recognition for sector leadership. MullenLowe also delivered solid revenue growth adding new brands to their client roster in Q3, including stable and seasons entertainment and more recently the UK's co-op bank. MullenLowe media hub continues to be a star in both new business and recognition winning blooming brands last week. You may have seen the intention getting cover image on add week last month celebrating Mediahub's win a Best In Show for a campaign increase for Netflix. MullenLowe is also growing its business transformation consulting practice and saw some nice wins in that space. As we have mentioned on recent calls, we continue to see an improved tone of business among CPG clients with growth in the sector in Q3 and year-to-date. MullenLowe marketing services agencies and CMG, we saw an acceleration of top-line growth, which we expect to continue heading into the fourth quarter, which includes a number of new business wins. Octagon our fourth marketing firm was notably strong in the quarter with a renewed focus on big event strategy for upcoming Olympics, World Cup and music and entertainment events. Their growth was followed closely by Weber Shandwick, which launched a new agency model called the X Practice, bringing together the power of the PR firm's global technology practice, data analytics, media, digital and creative technology talent to better support major clients. This platform serves as a catalyst for the PR industrys two biggest wins of the year, including IBM. Our digital first agencies continue to lead the industry with new offerings, creative products in digital marketing with R/GA, Huge and MRM, McCann each having to find strong and unique brand positioning. Under new leadership Huge has been focused on creating experiences that connect on and off-line marketing to engage users and deliver value. They have also appointed news U.S. and UK managing directors as the agency continues to expand its footprint in Europe. We are excited to see what they can deliver for clients moving forward. Our U.S independence round out our portfolio. These agencies deliver a range of integrated services to their clients and can also combined with the rest of the IPG offering on our collaborative open architecture solutions. During the quarter, highlights within this group include Deutsch's win of numeric zone and the Martin Agency's win of Wizards of the Coast has real has brand. Thus this month AV Pete & Co announced their win on LinkedIn, this comes on the heels of a very strong start of the year for the South Carolina based agency with one clients like Lowe's and John Deere and highly competitive national pitches. AV Pete & Co continue to do some of the industry's most innovative digital work for clients like Denise ad Lenovo. As mentioned earlier at IPG, we believe in our brands and continue to invest behind them. As you know, our open architecture strategy was an early foray into addressing the challenges of an increasingly complex marketing and consumer landscape, bringing together the best specialists to act collectively on behalf of our clients. Our success on that front as meant the Company has been able to post strong results without needing to restructure our major brands. Some open architecture successes in the quarter included Honeywell where we created a custom agency powered by digital B2B marketing specialist MRM//McCann, Experiential agency Jack Morton, PR firm Weber Shandwick and a range of specialized agencies from across the holding company. In addition the Colombia's sportswear win was an open architecture solution that brought together a cross section of IPG agencies led by McCann World Group. In addition, the other launched PR consolidation this quarter was Novartis which was won by a range of IPG agencies including Weber Shandwick, Creation, DNA Communications, Golin and Virgo Health. As you know, we closed on acting on October 1st as mentioned earlier. Net core business are managing first part of data with their plans with a steady and grown business. We continue to believe that this acquisition will create revenue opportunities for our organization, starting with our media offering with the prospects of the greatest. With Acxiom our Company can now deliver foundational data management capability to our clients, including many of the world's largest brands. This is a critical capability, increasingly our largest clients attached us with creating cross channel brands that leverage their first-party data advertising and marketing technologies as well as creative insights. With Acxiom we are better able to answer that need and in the process become better partners for our clients. We know how important data privacy is to marketers and to consumers. We see daily headlines that reminds us that we review our current performance in Acxiom's best-in-class knowledge of data management coupled with its industry-leading reputation for ethical standards and data gathering and respect for consumer privacy are values we share. They are key reasons why our partnership will add to shareholder value. Going forward our targets for the full-year, our net revenue organic growth of 4% to 4.5% in 2018. We remain committed to furthering our long-term record of margin expansion as well with 60 to 70 basis points of improvement as updated on the last call. Of course, we remain committed to deleveraging our balance sheet and the return of capital to our shareholders in the form of increasing dividends. We expect to resume our share repurchases in a reasonable timeframe. We view our current performance, our long-term strategy as significant factors that will continue to further value creation and enhance shareholder value. As always, we thank you for your time and support and with that I'll open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani: Good morning. Thank you very much. Michael another very impressive quarter, I guess any color you might be seeing in the marketplace. Im trying to understand what is different for you guys now versus a year ago. I know you mentioned package good company, some good, some feature are stronger which is fantastic news now year-to-date. I guess anything else that you see sort of is really changed.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia and by the way welcome back. Look that question was frankly asked in the last quarter and my comments which is has quoted why dont you just believe we are better than everyone else. But I mentioned in my remarks. I think the way we are structured as a Company is a key differentiator, we actually believe in the brands within the agency and we didnt need to restructure our company, the key to that is our focus on our clients and what they need. So when appropriate we use the open architecture model which we've been doing now for 12 years and you can do that unless A, you have the best talent and tools available to our people. The second is they have to have a good feeling that they can call on other resources within IPG and leverage that on a collaborative basis and we are seeing that in the marketplace. And I mentioned, just two wins where we used the open architecture, but its not even just in the wins. We have the ability to bring in other IPG resources when a given network feel the firepower that another agency can bring and help. Now of course we do that recognizing issues of complex and we dont run afoul of that, so that is the one caveat on that part of it that we have to maintain. But I do believe that clients believe that we are looking out for their best benefit, not necessarily our own silos and when you have a relationship with clients like that it makes a difference. And so you know I think that is certainly a key factor in why we are doing better. The other part of it is, we have spent a lot of time, money and tools and resources to invest in our talent. And without the talent that brings that to life with our clients none of this works and our mantra is client first and our people are comfortable focusing on clients and know that they are within an organization that values their career and the opportunities for them as well. So I think, I always talk about us being different than the other holding companies, I think that is reflective in the environment and our values and that just works out to clients that want to do business with us and us being able to meet their needs on a seamless basis.
Alexia Quadrani: I guess Michael that is such a great explanation of how come you have had such a relative outperformance versus your peers which obviously is continuing. But I guess more, Im looking also why you also IPG doing better than you guys did a year ago, is it the clients are recognizing all these things that you sort of elaborated on or is the overall environment a little bit better, Im trying to get a sense of how come its better now.
Michael Roth: Well there is no question as the terms of business is better, I mean just remember 60%, 61% of our business in the U.S. the tone of our business and the strength of our business in the U.S. is very solid. I think look at our media offerings right now, I mean that clearly is where a lot of the pitches are, where clients who are looking for us to add value and our media business is our best-in-class and now they are further strengthened with the opportunity to work with Acxiom to bring the insights at are next sturdy. I mentioned this, its worth saying it again, we are going to start using Acxiom and Mediabrands as our first volley in terms of the opportunities that created on a synergy basis and an opportunity basis both with respect to Acxiom as well as the IPG clients. We have had inbound enquiries from our existing clients to see what actually you can do for us as such the Acxiom clients have inbound question, as to what IPG can bring. But we also see this as an opportunity for our creative agencies, because they too need to get insights that are necessary to reach the consumers in effective way. So I think its an indication that we are looking forward to the future of what is necessary and frankly in the marketplace clients look to see whether we continue to invest and have those kind of resources. It doesnt hurt that the economic environment is better. We see UK for example, and continental Europe. I have said this before and that is we are 8% to 9% in those respected markets. So one or two clients can make a difference in our results and we've been fortunate in terms of some of the business wins in those markets and retention of clients in those markets and those clients are doing fairly well and investing. So I think that is part of the answer. And the other part of it is that the general tones for example Latin America you see a very strong recovery in various markets and even Brazil which has been a problem for us and everybody else. We saw a return to growth this quarter and that is as a result of some additional new business wins. So I think it's a combination. And the final point which is one that is a really good indicator. If you look at our Top 20 clients for the last couple of quarters, we were relying a lot on the project-based businesses. Remember we were talking about project-based businesses, the large wins you have to find repeats that we were finding as many repeat on large project-based businesses. When you look at Top 20 clients, which arent necessarily considered project based although some of the work there is projects. We have seen a return to good growth in our Top 20 clients. So I think that is a solid backbone of IPG, because we had some of the world's largest clients in terms of marketing and services and advertising and we are seeing a recovery there. So I think that is a key point.
Alexia Quadrani: That is very helpful. Thank you for the color. Can I just squeeze in one more question about Acxiom. A lot of your peers are restructuring and divesting under the building. I guess post Acxiom do you feel you are sort of well positioned in terms you have everything you need to compete going forward?
Michael Roth: Yes. Well, we did do some dispositions. We committed to looking at our portfolio and eliminating businesses that arent strategic and not being accretive to us from a margin point of view. But those are one of us, but our solid core - we had the luxury of looking at our strategic assets when we were going through some difficult periods and we eliminated. Remember our first year, I think we closed 50 agencies on a worldwide basis. So we have been repositioning for a while and right now we have our core businesses and they are open for bidding in a way that we're comfortable with or have opportunities to contribute more, so we think our core business are where they should be. We dont see any holes in any of our offering so there is no need for us to go out and do another transformation transaction such as Acxiom. So we will continue to invest in our brands, use our open architecture as the market dictates, invest in our new acquisition Acxiom, working with Mediabrands, which is our big growth vehicle right now in the marketplace and we are very well-positioned to compete and I think our results reflect that.
Alexia Quadrani: Well, thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Tim Nollen: Thanks. A couple questions on Acxiom please and one about your creative business. On Acxiom could you maybe give us a little bit more color as to what Acxiom did to contribute to the American Express win which I believe was the situation. Also the numbers you have given on Acxiom in the slides in the back of the deck are the same as what you gave on the account on the announcement of the acquisition. I wonder are there any updates you can give us help us with modeling this in and why not given the updated numbers since March 31st and then lastly sort of follow-up to Alexias question, I wanted to asked about your creative businesses, because a couple of your peers at least have talked about weakness on the creative side and yet you seem to be doing very well. What is the difference, is it investment in talent or why are you doing good job of creative where some your peers are not.
Michael Roth: All of that, okay. Thank you Tim. Let me start with the creative, because you are right. I mean, in fact one of our competitors acknowledged when they were going through their restructure that they were not as strong as the other holding company and in fact they called out IPG and McCann.
Tim Nollen: And then specifically.
Michael Roth: So yes, we are very proud of our creative capabilities. We feel creativity and creative offerings are critical to the growth of our Company. So we, yes we have invested in talent. If you look at the key creative talent that we have at McCann in terms of SEB, MullenLowe and our independent agencies. These are top notch creative people that have been recruited to IPG frankly now a couple of years ago. And the investment we made in them and the people they were able to recruit are going forward is paying very nicely in terms of the core businesses and their growth. And that is the beauty of our open architecture and that is - what clients are really looking for are the integrated offerings where we can bring a combined opportunity to bring in creative, bringing media, bringing PR, bringing experiential all with a common purpose of working together to move the needle for our clients and now with Acxiom added to our media capabilities initially and then on our creative we have the insights in terms of how we can reach those consumers. So we think creativity and creative talent is a critical component of our offerings and we didnt lose sight of that and as a result I think our core global agencies are performing well as a result of that. As far as the numbers go, all I can tell you that numbers we gave you, numbers we are using, I will comment on one point of it and that is we make assumptions on Acxiom for the rest of the year and modeling forward and it looks like we should be on target for achieving those goals. I think that is an important point. So we wanted to make sure that we come out of the box and Acxiom is a proof point of the value that it adds to our portfolio. I'm very encouraged in terms of where the transition is going, the way the teams are working together and focusing on opportunities between the two without losing sight of their core data management business. So we're very pleased with the way the teams have handled the transition and the opportunities to that. The question on American Express, I can tell you that sure, the fact that we have acting is a very important factor looking forward in terms of the opportunities that we have, but UM already was a one of the top-performing media agencies in the business, their track record reflected that. They were very strong in the offering. And I can tell you that one with necessary in terms of the win, I will tell you it didnt hurt that we owned Acxiom, but I can tell you that it was because of Acxiom that we won. In fact I believe we were very competitive even before Acxiom transaction. This just made it even better.
Tim Nollen: Can we assume Acxiom is part of some of the ongoing pitches now?
Michael Roth: Well, you can count on it, an appropriate pitch is going forward the answer to that is yes.
Tim Nollen: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks good morning. Just sticking on the Acxiom topic Michael. What is a realistic expectation for us in terms of the timing of any revenue benefits or revenue synergies? I know you have to integrate the businesses you are focused on cross selling and bringing them into pitch activity. Is that something that sort of starts immediately? Or do you think we should be thinking more about that over a period of time? And then I had a couple of questions in the quarter for Frank.
Michael Roth: Okay. Well look you know you dont take the $2 billion transaction and all of a sudden come out of the box and say all the synergy is there from day one. We have had extensive meetings and analysis. In fact we are presenting to the Board next week where we are on the transition in the synergy opportunities. But they are going to take some time before we see the full impact of that. We dont want to do anything stupid. In fact we are absolutely - well I think this problem right now, but one of them is holding back. In other words the inbounds we are getting from all of our agencies to have access to Acxiom we don't want to inundate Acxiom folks and really throw a lumpy range in terms of the smooth transition. So we are actually holding back on some of these opportunities. So I think it will take a while before we see the full synergies. That said, and what we said when we did the transaction you know we expect it to be accretive after adjusting for the causes and the amortization in the first year, and we believe we are certainly on-track to be able to say that and indicate that. We also made an assumption that we thought we would see about 5% growth on the Acxiom business and we are in target to do that.
Ben Swinburne: Okay that is great to hear. And then just on the expenses in the quarter, given how strong the top-line has been. I guess I would have guessed incentive comp would have been higher as a percent of revenue is down from last quarter, I know its up year-over-year, but the business is going much faster now than it was a year ago. Any comment on where bonus accruals may have showed up and I saw it temporarily, but it was a quite a bit just any color on that and also all other O&G was up I think 6% to 7%; just any comments on that as we think about kind of the incremental margins on the business.
Frank Mergenthaler: The increase in the incentive advantage due to performance alright. So it's is based on where we think the year is going to land. So there is no surprises there we expected it to be higher as we continue to improve in the top line. On the temp labor, it's quite a little bit around supporting new business wins, new business on-boarding and pitching. So again with growth, you don't have the full-time employees to cover the incremental revenue needs so that is where you hit the temporary labor line.
Michael Roth: You know we also saw a 2% increase in our headcount. When you are growing like we are growing and as we expect to on-board new clients on new wins there is a bit of a miss match sometimes between as far as and new business being on-boarded, because you dont see revenue until later but you certainly have to staff up early. And that is one of the change, right that is one of the challenges we have to deal with as we on-board new clients. But that is the kind of investment you like to make, right, because you know that the revenue is going to be there, its just a question of timing and as Frank said sometime we use temporary labor, but ultimately the better answer is to have the right people in the right job on a full-time basis.
Frank Mergenthaler: And to your other O&G its primarily the spike is driven by pitch cost.
Ben Swinburne: Got you. So all good problems to have.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, exactly.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks a lot.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thanks Ben.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Cahall with Royal Bank of Canada. Your line is now open.
Steve Cahall: Thanks. Maybe to start off with Michael with just a question on growth, so you reiterated the 5% that you have been seeing in Acxiom and your business is up around 5% year-to-date and everything you said sounded pretty constructive. So it's kind of 5%, the new kind of run rate in this environment for IPG is that a number that you are comfortable with?
Michael Roth: Well you know first of all, I reiterate what I said is we expected I mean 5% growth to be consistent through the rest of the quarter, I didnt know exactly commit to it. But I think its reasonable and obviously our targeted 4.5% not 5%. So what I said was that we are comfortable in reaching 4.5% or something higher than that. And I will stick to those words, okay, but obviously the tone of our business and the new business wins put us in the high-end of the range on the revenue side.
Steve Cahall: Okay, yes, that is fair. And then, Frank maybe just a couple more on the model, I mean I guess, first, if we think about the margin impact from Acxiom its fairly significant. So as we just start to look forward, even with a little bit of declaration in margin expansion. Should we think of any reason why we dont just model in that extra margin from Acxiom that you have shown in the slide and then maybe if you could just help us a little bit with what you think about for your interest run rate and remind us what you are paced to deleverage back down to your target is. Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: Steven on the margin, we are in the planning process now including MS folks are coming in next week. So we will guide on February call where we think our 2019 margin target will be. So right now I dont really want to comment on that. On the deleveraging comment, we will say investment grade is critical for us, we have committed to the rating agencies delever, we haven't put a timeline out there as to how we are going to progress against that, other than is very important for us to maintain our investment grade rating and we will delever accordingly.
Michael Roth: You know, one of the things that sometimes get to overlook, when we announced the transaction, we thought there might be a downgrade in our ratings okay, and we were prepared not that we are asking them to do that, but the fact that the rating agencies one put us a little further put us on negative, but they held their ratings at least for a while. The fact that the others held our ratings is an indication of the strength of our balance sheet and our modeling going forward. So I think we have been pretty good in terms of protecting the financial strength as well as dealing with shareholder returns in an appropriate way while maintaining our leverage and our financial strength. So that is what we are going to do. We do see us returning to buyback whether its one year versus another it will be totally a function of the macroeconomic environment and this is performance. And like I said we dont see any big transactions there we need capital for. So if you look at our CapEx let's assume we have 200 million of CapEx and we do some bolt on transactions of a nominal size. Whatever in excess capital we have we still maintain belongs to our shareholders and protecting our financial strength on the balance sheet and our ratings. And the one thing we have been consistent over the last 14 years is being able to manage that and we expect to do that going forward.
Frank Mergenthaler: Next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Bazinet with Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Bazinet: I just had a question on the Slide 21 related to Acxiom. You guys mentioned that you are going to use adjusted EPS as a key indicator going forward. And I'm guessing I mean even in this quarter you have adjusted EPS. So I'm guessing, what that really is quote for as cash EPS. And I guess my question is have you guys ever sort of traded on cash EPS before, because when I go through just back of the envelope it seems like that the street moves to cash EPS number opposed to GAAP is worth like somewhere between $2 to $3 a share and your share price depending on what multiple stream you use?
Michael Roth: Well look you know, doing the expert on how we multiple, we just deliver results. We are just trying to be as transparent as we can so smart analyst can evaluate what the evaluation of our business today.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, but I understand your point and look, we went for a period of time in our Company where EPS was totally irrelevant, because of all the issues we were dealing with. So that is why we think the EBITDA number is a good one to compare this and by the way thank you to your analysis and position that you came out with this morning. We appreciate it.
Jason Bazinet: Yes of course. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Dan Salmon: Good morning everyone. Michael I just want to follow-up on one of the prior questions on Acxiom, you mentioned beyond Mediabrands, you highlighted the creative agencies. Should we take that immune as you think about moving beyond Mediabrands that is sort of the first place you want to bring the Acxiom offering, just may be more broadly we would love to hear about what you are thinking now that the deal is closed and you are getting more internal feedback on how you might extend those services and those products across the rest of the holding company? And then second you called out healthcare once again as a strong sector, we would just love to hear your high-level thoughts on not just what is contributing the IPG strength there. But what is going on in the broader marketplace there and how much do you expect to continue to see strengthen the vertical. Thank you.
Michael Roth: Yes. Let me talk about healthcare, because its a great point and its obviously a key driver. I mean year-to-date healthcare is 25% of our business, which has been growing as you pointed out over a number of years and of course the performance is our best performing sector. So it's always good to have an overweight in the sector that is over-performing. Now one follows the other obviously. What we are seeing on the healthcare side is exactly what we were talking about in terms of open-architecture. The recent wins in healthcare are basically tailor-made to the open architecture structure. Healthcare company, in fact on in the global, I was in a meeting with one of our global - one of the pitches actually on the global healthcare and they were using the term open architecture to us. So what they are looking for the resources that we have within IPG that can help them either by drug and expertise. So that expertise maybe at SEB, it maybe McCann Health. So we have to be in a position to bring in teams of that expertise and the only way to do that is through an open architecture structure. And healthcare businesses are doing quite well and we have global offerings within that sector that meets the needs of our clients. And then when you overlay PR is I indicated Novartis win, it really gives us a great opportunity to show what open architecture can deliver to the client and the love that and its up to us to make sure that is collaboration going within our agencies. Because obviously the same agencies that are collaborating, sometimes they are competing for the same business, so that is the reason we use open architecture as opposed to one single agency per say. So I believe the healthcare is going to continue to perform well in the marketplace and our offerings are best-in-class as reflected by our wins in this sector. The synergies on Acxiom, what I was referring to on the creative side is just think of how powerful it is, our creative people right now have their own data analytics to reach consumers to get it with the right creative that is relevant and trustworthy to that consumer. When you overlay first-party data or data analytics that Acxiom can bring to the table it just makes that offering that much more powerful and if you couple it with media planning and execution you have the holy Grail of our business, but you cant all of a sudden just do this at one time. So we been very thoughtful about this, which is why we're using our media business as the first blush here, because that is where the biggest opportunities are initially. So we will get that structured correctly as we are comfortable with that, then we will start rolling it out to the creative agencies that we have and all our other agencies, but at first the media focus is where the opportunities are.
Dan Salmon: Okay, great. Thank you Michael.
Michael Roth: My pleasure. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Joyce with Evercore. Your line is now open.
David Joyce: Thank you. I was just wondering if you could update us on the trend of your clients in-housing certain functions. What is it that you are doing to help them and then what sort of more complex activities are you still involved in? And how is that impacting your business?
Michael Roth: Yes, thank you. I know there was a recent report that showed there was an increase in housing. I think reference was a lot of the programmatic was there. We have been talking all along, yes, we have seen clients in-house programmatic, but that is easier said than done. Programmatic is a very complex tool and even when we actually help our clients bringing in house but the relationships with the various providers, the analytics that go with it, the ability to reaching to the marketplace and have the best deals if you will we could help our clients to do that. And what that enables us to do is continue the relationship between us and our clients and our ability to bring in our expertise. So we havent seen huge movement into in-housing on the programmatic side. The slide that is coming in-house is more mechanical part of it. But the relationships and the expertise that we have that we can bring to the table is still relevant to those companies that bring in-house. And by the way it takes a lot of money to invest and maintain that investment over a period of time and that remains to be seen how many of these clients that are bringing in-house are going to continue to do that. Historically we saw a lot of companies bring creative in-house and then eventually go back out and then come back in. So that is nothing new to our industry. We know how to deal with that, but the value that we bring both in terms of the industry expertise, creative talent, media talent and experiential and PR just gives us other reasons to be in front of our clients, even if they take in some part of it in-house. But we havent seen there is a dramatic increase as everyone is talking about.
David Joyce: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: That was our final question for today. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Roth.
Michael Roth: Okay, well, look thank you very much. Obviously we are excited about our results, but we realized we have a big fourth quarter coming up. We got our heads down and we will walk towards. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The Interpublic Group Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode, until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Id now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 A.M. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operating performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our second quarter and first half results. Ill start by covering the highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide additional detail, and Ill conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by our Q&A. We are extremely pleased to report strong second quarter financial performance. Our organic net revenue growth was 5.6%. Operating income increased 10.4% and our operating margin expanded 50 basis points from a year ago. U.S. growth continue to be strong at 4.6% in the quarter, while international organic growth accelerated to 7.2% paced by double-digit increases in the UK and Continental Europe and by growth in every world region. The quarter reflects revenue increases across all disciplines led by exceptional growth in media and at our creatively led integrated agencies, our digital services, public relations, events and sports marketing. And the list of contributing agencies is long, most notably Mediabrands, McCann Worldgroup, FCB, MullenLowe, Huge, Weber Shandwick, Golin, Octagon and Jack Morton. This breadth highlights the distinctive competitiveness of our offerings based on the talents of our people, the expanding value of our data and analytics practices and our ability to bring collaborative open architecture solutions to market. Together, these strengths continue to drive outlook for our clients while furthering our leadership position in the contemporary marketing and media landscape. In terms of client sectors in the quarter, we were led by increases in healthcare, financial services, government, consumer goods and auto and transportation. We saw increases from both net new business wins and existing client spend. Q2 operating profit was $249 million and our net revenue operating margin was 12.8% compared with 12.3% a year ago. Our ongoing expense discipline drove operating leverage on our investment, in base payroll and our expenses for occupancy. Increased expense for incentive comp and SG&A in the quarter reflect our outperformance of operating targets through six months, along with our outlook for continued solid performance. Through the first six months of the year, organic growth was 4.7%. Operating profit increased 10.6% and our operating margin on net revenue has expanded 30 basis points. Second quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.37 as reported and it was $0.43 as adjusted for non-operating impact of our disposition of certain small non-strategic agencies in the quarter. For the six months, diluted EPS was $0.34 and was $0.45 as adjusted. During the quarter, we used $60 million to repurchase 2.6 million shares. Turning to our outlook for the year, you will recall that we came into the year with financial targets of 2% to 3% organic growth and 60 to 70 basis points of operating margin expansion. In April, following our first quarter, we raised our sights to the high end of the revenue growth range. At mid-year, were confident that performance to-date and the current tone of business have us on track to deliver net revenue organic growth of 4% to 4.5% this year. We also remain well positioned to deliver on 60 to 70 basis points of net revenue operating margin expansion, excluding one-time deal expenses for our acquisition of AMS, which we expect in this years second half and well call out accordingly. This is an exciting time for our company. We continue to drive growth that leads our industry from a foundation of outstanding consumer insights, grounded in data analytics, standout creativity and precisely targeted communications. Further, our announcement earlier this month to acquire Acxiom Marketing Solutions means that as we work towards closing, we continue to have the pleasure of getting to know more of their people even better. Together, we look forward to mapping the many shared opportunities ahead of us with unrivaled industry resources and data management that are poised to be further leveraged in the media and marketing world. The reception of our announcement by our people and the people of AMS and the support and enthusiasm of clients has been highly encouraging. Current thinking remains that the transaction will close early in the fourth quarter. At this stage, Id like to turn things over to Frank for additional details, and after his remarks, Ill be back to provide an update on our agencies and our outlook, which includes AMS to be followed by the Q&A.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael. Good morning. As usual, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. A reminder, that earlier this year we initiated our reporting with the new accounting standard for revenue recognition, ASC 606. You will recall that we elected to restate 2017. This means we are directly comparing our second quarter and first six months of 2018 to 2017 results on the same revenue accounting standard. On Slide 2, youll see an overview of our results. Organic growth of our net revenue was 5.6% in the second quarter. That reflects strong worldwide performance with U.S. growth of 4.6% and 7.2% growth in our international markets. First half organic growth was 7.4% with the U.S. up 4.5% and international growth of 5.1%. Q2 operating profit was $249 million, an increase of 10.4% compared to last year. First half operating profit increased 10.6%. Diluted EPS in the quarter was $0.37, but was $0.43 as adjusted for the impact of our dispositions of certain small agencies. $0.43 compares to adjusted diluted EPS of $0.30 a year ago, an increase of 43%. For the six months, adjusted diluted EPS was $0.45 this year compared with $0.36 a year ago, an increase of 25%. Purchased 2.6 million shares in Q2. As a reminder, our repurchase program has been suspended effective with our third quarter due to the AMS transaction. Turning to Slide 3, youll see our P&L for the quarter. Ill cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Here, its worth reminding everyone that the increase in billable expenses revenue is not included in our calculation of net revenue organic growth. Higher billable expenses and revenue were chiefly driven by the growth in our events and sports marketing offerings, but as we pointed out previously, are offset dollar for dollar in the billable expense line in operating expenses that have no impact on our operating income. Turning to more detail on net revenue in the quarter on Slide 4; net revenue was $1.95 billion, which was an increase of 6.2% from Q2 2017. The impact of the change in exchange rates was a positive 1.4%, while net dispositions were negative 80 basis points. Resulting organic increase was 5.6%. On the bottom half of this slide, net revenue organic growth was 6% at our Integrated Agency Network segment, with contributions to growth from all IAN disciplines and across all our largest agencies. CMG grew 3.7% organically. Again, all disciplines and all of our largest agencies contributed to our growth and CMG grew in every world region. Its worth pointing out that CMGs total growth, 6.2%, includes recent acquisitions in our digital and analytics services. Moving on to Slide 5, net revenue change by region, U.S. organic growth was 4.6% in Q2. Increases were broadly shared across disciplines and agencies, most notably at Mediabrands, FCB, McCann, MullenLowe, Huge and our CMG marketing services specialists. In terms of client sectors, we are led in the U.S. by healthcare, auto and transportation, consumer goods, government and financial services. Turning to international markets, we posted another strong quarter in the UK, which grew 14.7% organically, which was again led by our creatively driven integrated offerings at MullenLowe and McCann, along with growth at Mediabrands, R/GA, Huge, Weber Shandwick, Golin, Jack Morton and Octagon. In Continental Europe, organic growth was 11.7%, marking acceleration on the strength of new business wins and increases with existing clients. We grew in each of our largest national markets; Spain, France, Italy and Germany as well in many of the smaller markets. Asia-Pac grew 1.9% organically, highlighted by contributions from R/GA, Weber Shandwick, McCann, Octagon and Jack Morton. Among our largest national markets, we had increases in China, Japan and India, while Australia decreased. LatAm grew 4.6% organically. We continue to have very strong growth in Mexico, Argentina and Colombia, which more than offset ongoing macro headwinds in Brazil. Our reported revenue decreased in LatAm mainly due to the impact of currency translation. In our other markets group, net revenue increased 3.8% organically, which reflects growth in all three regions; Canada, South Africa and the Middle East. Were led by FCB, McCann and Huge. Regional growth for the year-to-date period is also a strong picture. On the right-hand side of the slide, organic growth was 4.7%, with the U.S. up 4.5% and our international increasing 5.1%. Moving on to Slide 6 on operating expenses, we are pleased with the expense discipline in the quarter. Net operating expenses increased 5.6% under net revenue growth of 6.2%. Our ratio of salaries and related expenses to net revenue improved by 60 basis points from a year ago to 66.4% net quarter. Underneath that, we had strong operating leverage on our expenses for base payroll benefits and tax. That was partially offset by higher expenses for temporary labor and for performance-based incentive compensation. Our total headcount at quarter-end was approximately 50,600, an increase of less than 1% from a year ago. Office and other direct expenses were 17.1% of net revenue in the quarter compared with 17.4% a year ago, with the improvement driven due to operating leverage on our expenses for occupancy. Our selling, general and administrative expenses increased to $29 million from $20 million in Q2 2017. The increase reflects higher accruals under our performance based incentive compensation programs and resulted in outperforming targets this year compared to underperformance in 2017. Depreciation and amortization expense increased to $44 million from a year ago and was flat at 2.3% of net revenue compared to last year. Slide 7 is the bridge from our reported diluted earnings per share of $0.37 to the adjusted $0.43 per diluted share. We had $19.8 million non-operating losses from sales of small non-strategic agencies which was $0.05 per share. The loss is reflected in our other expense line below operating income. For the six-month period, the adjustment is similar with losses on sales of businesses of $44 million and adjustment of $0.11 diluted share from $0.34 to $0.45. On Slide 8, we turn to cash flow. Cash from operations in Q2 was $172 million compared with $219 million a year ago. Working capital used $63 million, a seasonally normal level, compared to $5 million generated from working capital in Q2 2017. And our investing activities use $35 million in the quarter mainly from CapEx. Financing activities use $270 million chiefly for our common stock dividend, share repurchases and to pay down short-term borrowings. Our net debt decrease in cash for the quarter was $104 million. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 9, we ended the second quarter with $493 million of cash and equivalents. Our cash level is seasonal, as youve seen over the years, and as shown here, tends to peak at year-end. On Slide 10, we showed total debt levels at year-end over the past 11 years, and at the far right, we showed June 30th this year and last year. Were utilizing more short-term commercial paper and less term debt. As a result, our total debt as well as cash has been more variable over recent quarters than it has been previously. In summary, on Slide 11, it has been a strong quarter in first half. We are pleased with our performance, and having increased our revenue target for the year, we remain on our front foot with respect to our financial and strategic objectives. With that, let me please turn it back to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. Appropriately, were proud of our industry-leading results this quarter. Our organic revenue growth is an encouraging signal that certain marketers have, in fact, return to growth mode in their engagements with us. In addition, our strong performance in the U.S. shows that we can leverage opportunity in todays strong economy and in our largest market. We continue to feel that our decision to embed native digital expertise across the portfolio, coupled with our decision to make media neutrality a differentiator for our company, has led to results like these. In addition, we are known as the employer of choice for diverse talent, which has helped us attract and retain the industrys most creative and innovative individuals. Taken together, these actions have made IPG a more compelling and effective marketing partner for clients. In fact, during the quarter, IPG was named the Most Effective Holding Company in North America at the Effie Awards. Creatively, our agencies performed very well at the Cannes Festival. For the third consecutive year, an IPG agency took home the festivals most prestigious network honor in healthcare marketing. IPG agencies also won the Grand Prix in innovation as well as the Grand Prix in e-commerce. These are the two newest prizes at the festival, recognizing transformational work for clients at high-growth disciplines, the work our agencies did for Google and Microsoft, respectively. Also worth mentioning is IPGs leadership status at the festival for our ongoing commitment to diversity and inclusion. We selected eight female-founded companies from around the world to participate in the R/GA Cannes Startup Academy. We were the only official event to address MeToo and Times Up Advertising at the festival. We brought Gloria Steinem and Tarana Burke to help surface important issues on this global stage, once again providing thought leadership to the entire industry. Outside of Cannes, IPG has been recognized by a top industry publication for leading the way in training our global talent on GDPR. As youve heard us say, our commitment to transparency and data governance will be significantly enhanced by Acxiom, which is the acknowledged industry leader in data ethics. This sense of momentum continued at our recent mid-year business reviews where our operators indicated that the tone of the business is strong and that they have a range of opportunities in the second half of the year. As a result, weve raised our growth targets for the year. We now expect to post net revenue organic growth of 4% to 4.5% for the full year and are on track to hit our margin target, expanding 60 to 70 basis points before deal expenses. I will now move on to performance at the agency level and then provide additional detail on the Acxiom acquisition. Highlights in the quarter were led by Mediabrands, which posted another very strong performance. Initiatives turnaround continued with two significant global wins, Converse and Revlon. The agency has also brought in a number of key regional accounts, notably the Western Australia Government, UM expanded business with Nestl in a number of key global markets. Reprise having recently consolidated Mediabrands mobile and social marketing under its banner grew its relationship with key clients like Estee Lauder. The network to data tech offering including Cadreon is increasingly an area of competitive advantage for us and one that will benefit from integration with Acxiom data and capabilities. At McCann Worldgroup, the quarter saw continued solid performance as well as very high levels of industry recognition. McCann was named the Most Creatively Effective Agency Network at the global 2018 Effie Effectiveness Index. And its North American operations were named the Most Effective Agency network, Most Effective Individual Agency Office and won the Grand Effie for best in show. At Cannes, as mentioned, McCann took home the creative e-commerce Grand Prix and was recognized once again as a top five network. In new business, McCann won the Godiva account and continues to expand its relationship with LOreal. FCB posted strong performance and had a highly competitive showing in Cannes as well, which was led by FCB Health, which was named Healthcare Network of the Year. Overall, FCB had a strong showing with 11 of the global networks offices receiving creative accolades for 16 different campaigns. On the new business front, FCB Healthcare network continues to win significant new business. In Chicago, FCB won a highly contested pitch for a global branding assignment for Kimberly-Clark. FCB Canada continued momentum by winning the largest agency consolidation pitch in Canada this year with BMO Harris Bank. And FCB Inferno in the UK recently retained one of the highest profile government accounts to promote womens fitness in a highly competitive pitch. MullenLowe Group had a strong quarter across several fronts. The network won significant new accounts including the international business to the leading sweet biscuit manufacturer, Bahlsen. Appointed agency of record for advertising, digital marketing and media planning and buying for the UnionPay across 10 Asian markets and was named creative AOR for Cabify, the largest taxi app in Latin America. Network also continued to accumulate awards. On the global front, they had their most successful year ever at the Cannes International Festival, winning 32 lines including the coveted Grand Prix in innovation, and ranking among the 10 most creative networks in the world. Youll note, all three of our global creative networks; McCann, FCB and MullenLowe have been doing well, which is a proof point that shows the value of our strategy to invest in our brands. At Huge, new leadership in creative, design, strategy and technology was introduced and is positioning the agency for its next stage of development. The agency partnered with Amazon, an international advocacy group global citizen to host a two-day hackathon to raise awareness for international issues and create a platform for teams to develop ideas on the ground at Cannes. R/GA also shined at Cannes with its fourth annual startup academy. As I mentioned earlier, this year, eight female-founded companies from around the world to participated. During the quarter, R/GA won prominent new business with Allied Financial and continued to make a number of major new appointments in areas including technology and design. At CMG, were also seeing increased momentum. As we have previously called out, Weber Shandwick and Golin are among the most highly awarded PR agencies in the business. Weber Shandwick continues to be ahead of the game in building digital expertise especially in social, data science and analytics. The agency was awarded global Agency of the Year at the PR Week Global awards for the fourth year running, and as senior leaders, were honored on PR Weeks annual power list. Notable new business wins include IBM and Sony Electronics. Weber Shandwick expanded offerings in Latin America with the opening of its Bogota office and acquisition of Brazilian digital agency, Cappuccino. The agency is also in the process of launching its own management consulting offering to help clients build cultures that will further their business goals. Golin had a particularly exciting quarter welcoming new female creative talent and the agencys first Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer. Golin also had a number of new executives recognized on PR Weeks 2018 power list. The agency continues to take a progressive stance and welcome female creators back to the industry through the Have Her Back movement. At CMG, Octagon was recognized as a founding partner in the Global Sports Venture Studio, the combined initiative by the Los Angeles Dodgers and R/GA ventures. Jack Morton had a strong quarter and has seen continued interest in their experiential marketing services. Rogers and Cowan had a notable quarter with an acquisition of entertainment marketing agency, ITB Worldwide. Our U.S. independents round out our portfolio. These agencies deliver a range of integrated services to our clients and also combined with the rest of the IPG offering on the collaborative open architecture solution. During the quarter, highlights within this group include Deutschs win of H&R Block, Hill Holidays win with Frontier, and EP and Companies win with John Deere. While the above highlights are significant in and of themselves, equally important news for IPG took place after the close of the quarter when we announced on July 2 our intent to acquire Acxiom Marketing Solutions. This is a transformational step for our company that will ultimately impact every part of our organization. While our results this quarter are very strong, those of you who have been dialing in on these calls for any amount of time have heard us talk about the changes impacting our industry. Business disruption from marketing clients, as well as seismic shifts in media and consumer habits, these changes represent challenges of course, but theyre matched by significant opportunities to create high-value audiences for our clients by leveraging technology and the ability to demonstrate the effectiveness of our work through measurement. The Acxiom transaction directly addresses this changed marketing and media world in which the capabilities required a win and grow have evolved. We feel that once it is completed, this transaction will position our company for the next decade of data-driven marketing solutions ahead of our peers as well as new entrants into our space. For decades, marketers have look to us as value-added partners to optimize the growing complexity of consumer interaction. In the contemporary environment, managing data at scale has become an essential part of that proposition. With that opportunity, Acxiom Marketing Solutions bring decades of expertise and the best reputation in the industry for ethical standards and how they gather data as well as standards for respecting consumer privacy. This reputation means the company we are buying has relationships with many of the worlds largest and most sophisticated marketers who trust Acxiom to manage their first-party data. Together, IPG and Acxiom can go to market as a trusted high-value partner that can successfully make good on the promise of convergence of data management and marketing. The services we are acquiring touch all moments that a consumer interacts with the brand and it does so at scale. A company like Acxiom holds its data from 20,000 sources and then cleanses and organizes that data to provide a 360-degree view of each individual consumer and the preferences and behaviors that drive purchase decisions. This service makes us smart and more neutral, if anything, in how we advise clients, conduct planning and fit strategy. Owning data is different from owning media inventory and then reselling that media inventory declines. Taking inventory and media positions rightly impacts trust. We, however, remain agnostic to media and to data. Instead, by owning a technology company that is known for helping highly regulated industries manage their personal information of millions of customers in a safe and secure way, we will be able to provide a unique and high-value service to our client that unifies information security, first-party data management with marketing solutions. First-party data management is close to 70% of Acxiom Marketing Solutions business. In our view, we can own that capability as well as an important data asset, but still plug into and use a wide range of additional independent data sources. Thats what we plan to do, using AMS as a very strong core and enhancing it when and as required to meet specific client needs on a customized basis. The area where neutrality does matter is the data reselling portion, which is staying with LiveRamp after the transaction closes. We will continue to have a long-term contractual relationship with LiveRamp and have access to their offerings as well other agencies. But we are buying is the ability to clean, manage and organize data so that it provides actionable insights. That intellectual property can become game-changing when you combine that skill with its assets of IPG portfolio. For now of course, we cannot go to market together until regulatory and shareholder approvals take place and the transaction closes, which we expect to occur by the start of the fourth quarter. However, we already know that theres much opportunity for our combined offering based on inbound calls on both sides. One additional thought before we go to questions. The Acxiom business we are buying is strong and healthy and we want to keep it that way. Our plan post integration is therefore to triage opportunities, starting with business synergies at a programmatic and media operations and moving out deeper into the organization from there. This rollout will be a key part of our planning with the management team in Acxiom as well as our own agencies over the coming months. Now in closing, we are proud of our industry-leading performance in the quarter and our ambitious plan for the future. As always, we remain committed to strong financials and significant reduction in debt over the next few years as well as continuing to grow our dividend. We also expect to return to share repurchases after a period of time. Were pleased that we are able to increase our target for organic growth for the year and expect to deliver revenue growth of 4% to 4.5%. We will also continue our long-term record of margin expansion and remain committed to the 60 to 70 basis point improvement we targeted coming into the year. We view our current performance and long-term strategy as significant factors that will continue to enhance shareholder value. With that, I will open up for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now being the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you. My first question is really on the impressive organic growth that we saw in the quarter. I mean, not is it only an improvement over the last few quarters you keep seeing, but also its a big divergence, a real notable divergence between your results and your competitors. I know you mentioned that its come from both  some new client wins as well as spending from your existing clients. But is there any more color you can provide, like whats really changed? I mean, if you look at your performance today versus maybe 6, 12 months ago, I guess what is the biggest sort of most notable change thats causing this improvement?
Michael Roth: I was wondering when I would say this. You dont accept the fact that were just better than everyone else, right. Look, weve been  if anything, weve been consistent. We believe in investing in our brands and our people, and we continue to focus on that as a key go-to-market strategy, utilizing the open architecture platform where we keep our brands, we recognize the culture of each of our brands, but yet we respect all the offerings at IPG and we bring them in on a collaborative basis to be very client-centric. That is the mantra of all of us at IPG, and frankly, its working in the marketplace. We didnt have to restructure our entire company and weve been doing this now for 12 to 13 years. And its that culture and coupled it with talent that really resonates with our clients. They feel the commitment on all of our people with respect to the client-centric aspect of what they do and the ability to raise your hand and bring in other offerings within IPG. And frankly, our clients, we have relationships with clients for 75 years and we have new business. And whats attractive about our results in this quarter, we did see a return to growth in our top 20 clients. As you know, that was a challenge going through the difficult period our sector was seeing. So we saw growth in our top 20 clients, but we also saw growth in the next level of clients that we have and we continue to see growth in the project-based business. If you recall, weve been talking about how our industry has been changing more and more to project-based performance. So we see that particularly in the digital offerings that we have where we see project-based businesses continue to grow. And in the CMG, whether it would be the PR, experiential, sports marketing, those businesses are performing well on a project basis. So since we have the full offering, coupled with our outperforming media business, we really have the integrated offering that has resonated in the marketplace. So frankly, when you put that all together, I think that accounts for what were seeing. We saw an improvement actually in CPG, which is  its not a huge improvement. But for quarters now, weve been seeing negative. So its great to see that stabilize and actually be positive. Actually CPG was positive for us in the quarter both worldwide and in the U.S. We continue to see healthcare as a driving force. I mean, healthcare is 24% of our business and were seeing double-digit growth and we have very powerful offerings between McCann Health and FCB Health. We have two of the best in the business and thats resonating. And whats great about the healthcare business, it relies on very powerful data analytics and we have very strong data analytics already existing within IPG, particularly in healthcare side of the business. And if you couple that with the open architecture where we bring in our PR businesses which are performing on a global basis, you see the kind of results we have. So Im really proud of the way all of our strategies are coming together, and I think youre seeing that in our results.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you, thats great color. And just one sort of follow-up on improvement on Continental Europe where I think you did see a notable step-up in the quarter. Do you think thats sort of the same thing in terms of broad-based improvement from your clients, existing clients? Or do you see also some notable share gains there just because there is a particular divergence there with one of your peers?
Michael Roth: Well, in particular, we saw Mediabrands and McCann grow in Continental Europe, and there we did have some new businesses coming on board both at McCann as well as Mediabrands. So we saw that as a key driver. For example, in Spain, in France, obviously, some wins at McCann with a new business win at LOreal. And weve seen  thats where we saw consumer goods coming back a bit, in particular, Unilever and some of our auto. So its a combination of new business and some existing clients returning to solid spend.
Alexia Quadrani: Perfect. Thank you so much, really impressive growth. Thank you.
Michael Roth: Thank you so much, Alexia.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis with Jefferies. Your line is open.
John Janedis: Thank you. Michael, you touched a little bit on this in your remarks. But can you maybe give a little bit more in terms of organic growth at the top 20 or 25 clients relative to the overall portfolio? My sense is that youre gaining share wallet at some of the key accounts. And then separately for Frank; really nice margin expansion in the base and benefits line. Anything to call out there in terms of drivers? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Yes. Our top 20 clients, as you know, makes up a nice portion of our portfolio, and for a while there, it was level. Now we havent seen a return in our top 20 of the growth rates that were seeing in some of our new business and particularly in the healthcare and some of our tech and telecom clients. So thats accounting for the actual growth. But the solid spend on our top 20 clients on a global basis is sort of the bread and butter of our business, so were pleased to see it. But it hasnt come back to a point where it was like a year or two ago where those  the top 20 clients, their growth was, frankly, outpacing the rest of the company. So to be honest, it was great to see the growth coming back, but I think we have more opportunity now to gain, as you say, market share from those existing clients as we introduce the open architecture and pick up new business from those existing top 20 clients.
Frank Mergenthaler: And on the expense side, John, the only thing I would say is how well the team has controlled full-time headcount in the growth environment we saw in the quarter. This is the way the model should work. We saw some variable cost pressure around incentive compensation and temporary labor, but thats what you want to see with growth levels like this as opposed to bringing on significant amount of full-time employees.
John Janedis: Thank you.
Michael Roth: Thank you, John.
Frank Mergenthaler: Youre welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Peter Stabler: Good morning. Just a couple of quick ones for me. Michael, Im wondering if you could comment on the new business pipeline activity levels out there in the market right now and whether you think theres going to be sizable decisions in the remainder of the year. And then to what extent does your optimism for the second half, is that really a continuation of the current client spending trends and increases? Or does it imply or embed any ramping of new business activities from clients you won earlier this year? And thats it for me. Thank you.
Michael Roth: Let me take the second one first. Theres no question, as a result, were net new business positive that we will see some tailwinds coming into the second half, which is a nice position to have. So we have a combination of new business wins driving organic growth in the second half as well as continued spend both with our existing clients and the project-based businesses, which is what I alluded to in the first half. So I guess the answer is its both and its nice to not have headwinds going into the second half which we all have experienced in the past. Our pipeline is solid. We have two major reviews on the way. One is one weve been talking about for a while, and that continues to be the U.S. Army. I think were heading close to a decision on the U.S. Army. A lot of things being written about that. Basically, what Ill say is we continue to do great work, the results of the work that McCann in particular is doing at U.S. Army is positive. I think the clients view it that way. And as you know, its a retention pitch and a lot of our competitors are in this one. So were anxiously awaiting the results of that. But with respect to 2018, we wont see any impact of any decision with respect to the Army. Obviously, the Army also covers other disciplines within IPG. So it would be a great retention if  as weve done in the past, but that one, well just wait and see whats happening. The other one is FCA on the media side of the business. Thats been a great client and it continues to be a great client for Mediabrands and UM, and were in the process of the finals on that pitch. I know theres been some changes in leadership in that organization and  but we think were very well positioned. The team  we just saw the team yesterday, some of them, and theyre feeling pretty good about it. So those are the biggest two in terms of risk and we have a number of clients and potential clients in the pipeline. Whats interesting, a lot of these new pitches now are under the radar. So we cant really talk about it because they havent been put out there or if theyre out there, the list of whos contending isnt listed. So you could assume if theres a major pitch out there that were not precluded to from as a result of conflicts, were participating. And usually it was creative, which were participating with more than one agency, although the tendency these days is to see more media pitches than creative pitches out there.
Peter Stabler: Thank you, Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Peter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Dan Salmon: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions. Michael, in your comments you mentioned that youre already getting the inbound calls on both sides regarding potential work together with AMS upon closing. Are those largely coming in, in the media area where you expect to start? Or are those proliferating across the holding company and the range of businesses that you could eventually see AMS working together with? Thats the first one. And then the second one for either you or Frank, we see the higher organic revenue guidance, but holding the margin at the same level. I was just curious, is that incentive comp catching up? Is it investment in some other areas lower-margins top line growth? Well just be interested a little color on holding the margin in light of the raised top line. Thank you.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Dan. We thought that was going to be the first question actually. Look, its a combination of both. Obviously, as our performance is stronger, we see incentive comp kicking in, which is the way its supposed to work. If our business units perform, thats how our incentive comp works. So we see that. And we also  as we onboard new business wins and as organic growth is there, we tend to invest more in people and in our brands. And so I think part of that reason is why we held the margin expansion. And candidly, 50 to 60 basis point margin improvement is a pretty strong improvement. So we felt its best to be cautionary in terms of margin expansion, although we do see line of sight into the organic growth number that we put out there. Fascinating question about the  where the calls are coming. Most of the calls and discussions are around media, of course. In fact, Philip, myself and the rest of the team were down in Conway Arkansas meeting with the team, and it was really amazing because they have teams servicing these really large multinational clients that they have. Remember, AMS, they represent 50 of the top 100 Dow Jones  S&P companies and they have teams. And all of these teams, just want  they were chomping it a bit to see how they could work together with us. So it was really exciting to see. They have an aggressive culture of how they expand their businesses and they see this as a tremendous opportunity to add value to these clients. Remember these clients are sticky clients. Theyve been there for years. We did extensive due diligence on how these clients view AMS, and uniformly, the feedback we got on the due diligence was they were  they obviously, theyre very able. They are great in terms of responsiveness and their relationships couldnt be better. So that was really exciting for us when we met these teams down there. And on the other side, our existing clients are anxious to see what we can bring to the table and how it works. And in fact, frankly, it is on the media side, but on the IPG side, we actually have to hold back the rest of our agencies, which is why I put the comment in the opening remarks. We dont want to inundate AMS all at one time and overload them. But all of our agencies are calling in to see how they can work with AMS to enhance their opportunities. And frankly, on some new business pitches, we see opportunities where we can pitch together and add value. So this is really very exciting for us. And as we dig deeper into this AMS, we get more excited about the opportunities.
Dan Salmon: Okay, great. Thank you.
Michael Roth: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Tim Nollen: Hi, guys. Thanks. Hard to find things to complain about here  I shouldnt complain. Two points of clarification please. One is on the operating margin. I think Ill ask the question the other way around from the previous version. Your year-over-year organic growth comp gets a little bit difficult in the second half versus first half, not a little bit more difficult. I think your operating margin expansion is up 30-basis points in the first half. I guess your answer is going to be you saw operating leverage at scale. But the question is why would you have an acceleration in the operating margin expansion in the second half given those starting points? And then secondly, working capital. I know it swings usually out in Q1 and back in, in Q2. It looks like maybe it couldnt  back in Q2. Your receivables balance did go up a bit again I think in Q2. Could you please just talk about that? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Well, our business is seasonal, and as you know, the fourth quarter, for example, accounts for, a lot of our revenue growth as well as our margins. So that accounts for the back end  back half of the year being better expansion than the first half of the year. Im sorry, your other question had to do with working capital. Working capital has always been very volatile, Tim. And we saw significant inflows of cash in the fourth quarter 2017. That generates significant outflows first quarter of 2018. Go back and look over time the amount of outflows first half of the year is kind of in the realm of consistency. So theres nothing abnormal going on there, and primarily its driven by the volatility in media.
Tim Nollen: Okay, thanks.
Michael Roth: Youre welcome, sir.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Wieser from Pivotal Research. Your line is open.
Brian Wieser: Pivotal Capital Research. You simplified some of your Mediabrands business, as you mentioned. You combined Ansible Society to Reprise. Curious if  when you consolidate business units, just simplify the branding in that context if you have seen or expected to see incremental revenues or you see reduced cost or if you see other financial impacts. And a second question also I guess inside of Mediabrands. I was curious about Cadreon and the degree thats contributing to growth. Its become unique and that its now  its really the only  youre the only holding company that only has a centralized trading desk option rather than a brand trading desk or an agency level trading desk. I get the sense that centralized ones more profitable than the agency level ones. So just curious about your thoughts about how durable and maybe the direction to continuing to keep the centralized trading desk versus the agency trading desk content.
Michael Roth: Sure. Look, the consolidation under the Reprise had two aspects to it but the main driver was the revenue growth. The synergies among those businesses are compelling, having one leadership over the Mediabrands as a business unit. Its compelling, and frankly, weve seen positive results. Rerpise has performed very well in terms of their growth. And so were pleased with that move and we think thats the way it should go as we go forward. Cadreon also is performing very well, and yes, it was intentional. Remember Cadreon was an organic growth vehicle for us. It started locally. Its now expanded globally, and candidly, we see Cadreon as a key beneficiary of the AMS transaction because there are a number of clients within AMS that we currently dont perform services at IPG and programmatic buying on a centralized global basis that Cadreon brings to the table with its expertise is something that we see is a huge opportunity for us. And its not inconsistent for many of these companies to use separate providers for programmatic buying. So that was a key component of some of the revenue synergies we see going forward. So were very pleased in terms of what Cadreon is doing and the way its structured. And I dont know what other companies are doing in terms of putting them within brands but I think Ill let the Cadreon performance speak for itself in terms of how we operate.
Brian Wieser: Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Cahall with RBC. Your line is open.
Steve Cahall: Yes. Thank you. So a few weeks ago, I think you talked about Acxiom as being accretive to your organic growth rate and now your organic growth rate expectations are a little higher. So I guess my question is, do you still expect Acxiom once you close that to be accretive to your new slightly last year organic growth rate? And then I have a follow-up on Mediabrands.
Michael Roth: Well, first of all, we dont have anything built into 2018 for AMS. So thats a pure organic growth. And yes, once we close on the transaction, we view it as positive to our overall organic growth and, frankly, accretive to us from a financial point of view. So yes, nothing that you  anything that weve been talking about 2018 excludes any impact other than the expenses. One of the reasons that we called out expenses not counting against the margin is when we close in the fourth quarter, well be booking the expenses for the transaction. Candidly, the accountants dont let us capitalize those expenditures as they used to. So well have a P&L hit for those expenses, a onetime nonrecurring expense with every quarter that we close the transaction.
Steve Cahall: Okay. And then maybe just another one on Mediabrands. That seemed like a business thats growing well. I was wondering if youd be willing to give us what the growth rate of Mediabrands is or at least maybe give us what you think it is as a percentage of the portfolio. It just seemed like its been a big driver and youre taking share and itd be great for us to sort of size the headroom if we understood maybe what percentage of the portfolio the media business is at this point. Thanks very much.
Michael Roth: Yes. I know. Our competitors would like to know that too. So I dont think Im going to give you that, but I can assure you that one of the reasons for our growth certainly is the growth in Mediabrands and its not just Mediabrands. Its our  its the business units within Mediabrands that are growing very nicely. We saw our initiative with their global wins. UM continues to perform well and Cadreon and Reprise are all growing. So Mediabrands is a great performer and its consistent, and obviously, we like the margins coming out of that business as well, but we dont call that out.
Jerry Leshne: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes. Hi, good morning. Could you just give a little bit more color, if you would, on some of the categories  sector categories that did not perform well? Youre very good about the ones who did really well. Id like to hear that, please. And then also GDPR, could you maybe just talk a little bit about that? Any potential changes on digital spend? Are you seeing much changes out there with your clients, please? Thank you.
Michael Roth: Sure. Thank you, Craig. Well, GDPR, we did see a little bit of a confusion in May when the whole thing was kicking in but its pretty much settled down. Now weve spent a long time getting ready for GDPR, and so we were very pleased. We actually have a presentation to our board on how were positioned with GDPR. And I think the transition and the issues have gone very smoothly for us. So we saw a little bit of a slowdown in May but it seems to have come back to normal. I think thats whats happening in the industry. I think I read a piece this morning that said that. So yes, GDPR. And we view this as an opportunity again for Acxiom. The privacy issues are clearly not going away and we know theres been an initiative in California. I would expect to see that expand throughout the United States. And good trustworthy first-party data thats cleansed and clean, if you will, is going to be a valuable asset of both the clients and working with us. So its another reason why we think the Acxiom transaction is a plus. The sectors that quite arent performing as well, we see some strain on the food and beverage side of the business. Some of that had to do with some existing client cutbacks. Retail was not doing as well as it has in the past. There too, we saw  some of that was some client losses and some pullbacks in major companies. Second, tech and telecom is interesting. Our new business on tech and telecom, were doing quite well and its growing. Some existing clients in the tech and telecom sector had some major cutbacks. So that, frankly, was outweighing some of the new business wins and growth. But Id say the tech and telecom on a global basis is doing a little better than in the U.S. and we hope to see some of those clients begin to start spending again because, frankly, theyre in very competitive markets and they have to spend in order to compete. So we hope to see that spend coming back but it was really one or two major companies that had a drag on tech and telecom.
Craig Huber: And then also, Mike, if I could just quickly ask, the contribution in the quarter from net new wins, I thought that was roughly 200 basis points of added growth organic. Is that too high? Whats your general sense? Whats the outlook for the back half of the year for net new wins? How much will that help you think?
Frank Mergenthaler: Craig, we had a terrific organic quarter and we just upped our guidance for the full year. Were not going to get in that much granularity.
Michael Roth: Well, we do have tailwinds in the second half, which obviously accounts for our comfort level in the revised organic growth.
Craig Huber: Okay. Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Craig.
Operator: Our final question comes from Richard Eary with UBS. Your line is open.
Richard Eary: Thank you. Just a couple of questions from my side. Obviously, on the call, you mentioned, obviously, a very good strong performance from Mediabrands. If you just look at the creative agencies, I think in the first quarter, you called out that you had seen a recovery in some of the creative agency signs, ex new wins. Im just wondering whether you could sort of like talk a little bit more about how that performed in the second quarter, whether creative had come back. Thats the first question.
Michael Roth: Yes, I think I called them out. Actually, all three of our global networks performed quite well in the quarter as well as our  some of our independents in terms of net new business wins. I mean thats what Im excited about in our results. Its Mediabrands and its the creative-driven agencies and some of it is through the open architecture. So, yes, you see the McCann, the FCB and the MullenLowe is performing well. Its nice to see them in the growth mode that theyre in. And frankly, the tone of the business from those business reviews was positive, which is why were feeling comfortable about the numbers that we put out.
Richard Eary: Is the growth rate similar to the organic growth rate for the group as a whole? Or it still creates a bit of a lag relatively overall growth?
Michael Roth: Yes. I mean, its a blended growth rate that we use. Some of our agencies are doing better than others. And one of the benefits of a holding company is exactly that. Its a holding company. We have multiple assets in multiple regions, in multiple disciplines. And if everythings going well in those markets, where its maybe a challenge in other markets, its going well. And thats what accounts for, in this case, a positive organic growth. So its a blended organic growth as well as margin. And in one quarter, it may be more creative, but Mediabrands has been doing quite well consistently over the number of quarters and were excited about it. Media is  just look at the reviews that are out there. Its where a lot of the action is right now in terms of reviews and value-added in terms of the tools and resources that we bring to the table. So its not unrealistic to think that a lot of the growth that we see going forward still comes from Mediabrands but its nice to have the blended organic growth that were getting throughout the organization.
Richard Eary: Just as a second question. Just looking at the guide, you obviously said, you expect theres going to be some tailwinds into the second half with account wins. You did 4.5% or 4.7% in the first half and now guiding 4.5%. Are there sort of headwinds in the second half that we think about outside of the big two account reviews underway?
Michael Roth: No, we think  in fact, we have tailwinds going into the second half. That takes into consideration. Thats a net number. When we say tailwinds, thats net of headwinds. So we have more good news and bad news so far. Okay. Well, thank you very much. Obviously, were excited about the results. Were very proud of our organization and the people and we look forward to our next call. Thank you so much.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The Interpublic Group First Quarter 2018 Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode, until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. Thank you.
Jerome Leshne: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 A.M. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our Company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operating performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry. And thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our results for the quarter. I'll start by covering highlights of our performance. Frank will then provide additional detail, and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies, to be followed by our Q&A. We're pleased to report another quarter of solid revenue and operating profit growth. Our net revenue organic growth was 3.6% in Q1, and operating income exceeded 12% from a year-ago. Growth in the U.S. was notably strong at 4.3%, while international growth was 2.6%, paced by strong results in the UK and LatAm. Our increases were driven by a wide range of disciplines, including media, our digital specialists, our creative-led integrated agencies and our events and sports marketing agencies. This continues to underscore the strength and competitiveness of our offerings across the portfolio and is an encouraging start to the year. Q1 operating profit was $39 million compared with $35 million last year, which reflects both our topline growth and the effectiveness of our ongoing disciplines around expenses. As you know, our first quarter is seasonally small in terms of revenue, while total costs are distributed fairly evenly through the year. That said, our performance is indicative of solid progress toward our full-year financial targets. Returning to the topline, our growth reflects contributions from a wide range of our agencies, most notably Mediabrands, Huge, McCann, FCB, MullenLowe Group, Octagon, Jack Morton and Deutsch. We saw our increases from both new business wins and existing client spend. In terms of client sectors, we were led by increases in the financial services, healthcare and auto and transportation. Our capital structure continued to be a source of value creation. As announced in February, our Board increased our dividend by 17%, marking the sixth consecutive year of double-digit percentage increases. We also announced in February that our Board had authorized another $300 million toward share repurchase. We used $55 million to repurchase 2.4 million shares in the first quarter, and we have 400 million remaining on our outstanding repurchase authorizations. Earlier this month, Fitch Investor Services upgraded our senior debt credit ratings to BBB+, further recognizing our Company's strong credit profile. We're pleased that our performance continues to reflect the excellence of our people. Outstanding consumer insights grounded in data and analytics, industry-leading creativity and the delivery of efficient and precisely targeted communications have all become hallmarks of IPG and our agencies. The top-tier media, creative, marketing services, digital and business transformation capabilities we have across the portfolio continue to be differentiators for us. By always keeping the clients' needs front and center, we combine all of these skill sets into customized, integrated, open-architecture solutions. This, in turn, positions us strongly in the evolving world of media and marketing. We are always highly focused on capitalizing on growth to drive further margin expansion and capital returns as well as continuing to invest in our businesses. The strength of our offerings, coupled with strong operating discipline, is a winning combination for clients and shareholders alike. As you know, Q1 is seasonally small for us, and there remains macro uncertainty to contend with as we move forward through the year. But we are confident that performance to date and the current tone of business has us on track to deliver on the growth and income targets we have outlined for the full-year, which is in the high end of 2% to 3% organic growth and 60 to 70 basis points of operating margin expansion from our restated 2017 results. At this stage, I'll turn it over to Frank for additional detail on our results. And after his remarks, I'll be back to provide our update on our agencies and the tone of business, followed by a Q&A.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael. Good morning. I'll be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. A reminder that we're reporting with a new accounting standard for revenue recognition, ASC 606. In adopting the new standard, we elected to restate 2017. This means we are directly comparing our first quarter this year to Q1 2017 on the same revenue accounting standard. With the adoption of 606, there is no change for our management priorities or to value creation. There is no change to cash flow. And our target for operating income in 2018, which we outlined on our last conference call in February, is also unchanged. Secondly, from 606, our income statement now reflects the functional format. This is strictly a matter of reclassifying expenses to cost of services provided to our clients and SG&A and has no impact on operating results. Expenses recorded to SG&A are less than 2% of our total operating expense in 2017. We furnished the preliminary 2017 restatement by quarter earlier this week in a Form 8-K, along with an explanatory presentation. We have also included a summary of the impact of 606 in the appendix of today's earnings presentation. Moving to Slide 2, you'll see an overview of our results in the quarter. Organic growth of our net revenue was 3.6% in the first quarter. Growth was strong in the U.S. at 4.3% and was 2.6% in our international markets. Q1 operating profit was $39 million, an increase of 12% compared to last year. Diluted EPS was a loss of $0.04. Adjusted for losses on sales of business in the quarter, mainly non-cash, earnings were $0.03 per diluted share. Our high adjusted tax rate in the quarter was due to the mix of our profitability by region. Volatility in our first quarter tax rate is not unusual, given our seasonally small level of pretax income. And we continue to expect a 28% effective tax rate for the full-year. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Here, it is worth noting the breakout of billable expenses and net revenue. Further, under operating expenses, the first three line items comprise our cost of services, salaries and related, office and other, and billable expenses. Our expense for selling, general and administrative tracks closely to our corporate segment expense. We are also breaking out depreciation and amortization expense on the face of the income statement. Further down the P&L, below operating income, it is also worth noting that we had other expense of $24 million in Q1, which reflects losses on sales of businesses in the quarter, mainly non-cash. Turning to more detail on net revenue on Slide 4. Net revenue was $1.77 billion in the quarter, which was an increase of 5.9% from Q1 2017. The impact of the change on exchange rates was a positive 3%, while net dispositions were negative 70 basis points. The resulting organic increase was 3.6%. On the bottom half of this slide, net revenue organic growth was 4.3% at our Integrated Agency Network segment. We had contributions from all the IAN disciplines and across a range of agencies. CMG grew 60 basis points organically, led by Octagon sports marketing and Jack Morton events and experiential as well as FutureBrand. Moving on to Slide 5, revenue by region. U.S. organic growth was 4.3%. Again, advances were broadly shared across disciplines and agencies, notably by Mediabrands, Huge and Digital, FCB, McCann, MullenLowe Group and Octagon. In terms of client sectors, we were led in the U.S. by financial services, CPG, healthcare and auto and transportation. Turning to the international markets, we posted another strong quarter in the UK, which grew 7.8%. Growth was again notably strong at McCann UK, along with Mediabrands, Huge and the MullenLowe Group. In Continental Europe, net revenue decreased 10 basis points organically. Among our largest markets, Spain and Italy increased, while France and Germany decreased in the quarter. In Asia Pac, we had an organic decrease of 2.2%, reflecting lower spending from a number of our clients across most of the region, along with some account losses, partially offset by growth in Japan. LatAm grew 10.6% organically. We continue to have very strong growth in Mexico, Argentina and Colombia, while more than offset the ongoing macro headwinds in Brazil. Net revenue in other markets grew - increased 1.9% organically, led by growth in Canada. Moving on to Slide 6 on operating expenses. Q1 net revenue operating margin grew 10 basis points to 2.2%. Our ratio of salaries and related expenses to net revenue was 75% compared to 74.7% a year-ago. The increase was due to higher severance expense as well as increased expense for temporary labor. Total headcount at quarter-end was approximately 50,000, which is approximately flat from a year-ago. Our office and other direct expenses was 18.3% of net revenue in the quarter. We generated operating leverage of 40 basis points from last year, including 20 basis points of improvement on our occupancy costs. We leveraged SG&A expenses by 10 basis points, which were 2% compared to 2.1% a year-ago. Our expense for D&A increased $5 million from a year-ago and was 2.6% to net revenue compared with 2.4% a year-ago. Slide 7 is the bridge from our diluted loss per share of $0.04, as reported, to net income of $0.03 per diluted share, as adjusted. As you can see, our pretax results includes a below-the-line loss of $24 million related to the sale of small non-strategic agencies. There was essentially no tax benefit against that loss. The net impact was a loss of 6p per diluted share, resulting in adjusted earnings of $0.03 per diluted share. On Slide 8, we turn to cash flow. Cash used in operations in Q1 was $730 million compared with $372 million a year-ago. As you know, our operating cash flow is highly seasonal. Our business typically generates significant cash from working capital in the fourth quarter and uses cash in the first quarter. During this year's first quarter, cash used in working capital was $775 million. This follows our large seasonal cash build in last year's fourth quarter when we generated $678 million. Investing activities used $23 million in the quarter for CapEx. Financing activities provided $558 million net due to an increase in short-term borrowings, mainly utilized in our commercial paper program. We used $81 million for our common stock dividend and $55 million for share repurchases. Our net decrease in cash for the quarter was $198 million. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 9. We ended the first quarter with $597 million in cash and equivalents. Our cash level is seasonal, as you've seen over the years, and tends to peak at year-end and decrease during the first quarter. On Slide 10, we show our lower total debt levels at year-end over the past 10 years and, at the far right, our position at March 31 this year and last year. We are utilizing more short-term commercial paper and less term debt. As a result, our total debt has been more variable over recent quarters than it had been previously. In summary, on Slide 11, we are pleased with solid revenue growth and profit performance in the quarter, which represents a good start in terms of achieving our financial objectives for the full-year. With that, let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. And we are certainly pleased with the results in the quarter, with organic revenue growth an encouraging indicator and notably strong domestic performance on that important metric. This came from a very broad range of our clients as well as a cross-section of our agencies. Building on a solid Q4 of last year, we believe we're seeing evidence of marketers returning to growth mode, which would clearly be positive for us as well as our sector. While there is still macro uncertainty, we continue to believe that economic fundamentals are sound, especially in the U.S. This is vital if we are to see clients further invest behind their brands as well as in business innovation. Those are both key areas in which Interpublic can clearly add significant value. The way we do this is to ensure that each of the agencies in our portfolio is a leader in their respective discipline. That's why over the past decade, we've consistently invested in organic talent development. Concurrently, we built a culture that makes us an employer of choice as well as one in which collaboration is a core value so that delivering open architecture solutions is a basic part of our DNA. This long-standing commitment to open architecture recently led to a significant new business win with one of the world's top 10 pharma companies, which incorporates our healthcare agencies as well as digital, advertising and PR. It's gratifying to report that we continue to see significant success in recruiting top talent and nurturing future leaders across a full range of capabilities, from digital to creative, strategy to data and technology. When our agencies post industry-leading performance in awards competitions and we are a leader in recognition from top industry publications, we know that we're on the right track in terms of our talent agenda. Equally important, when our holding company has the highest representation of women leaders in an initiative such as Time's Up advertising, we also know that we're on the right track as it relates to our culture and values. Diversity and inclusion have been a priority for us for some time now, and we're proud of the work we have done to move the business forward on a number of key dimensions of diversity. As the world of media and marketing becomes more complex, the importance of consumer insights as well as powerful and engaging content becomes increasingly important. In order to excel in these areas, we need to ensure that our teams represent the widest possible range of backgrounds, perspectives and life experiences. So we will remain committed to our D&I initiatives, just as we'll keep holding ourselves and our people to the highest standards of personal conduct. And we will also continue to engage with a full range of stakeholders on major issues around sustainability and corporate responsibility. On the subject of complexity, we still believe that the speed at which technology is impacting media and consumers as well as the challenges that pace of change creates for marketers represent a meaningful opportunity for us. With expertise across the digital value chain and a totally agnostic focus on our clients' business needs, a company like IPG is particularly well-positioned to capitalize on the evolving marketplace. Let's now move on to the performance at the agency level and review progress on key developments from across the group. Highlights in the quarter were led by Mediabrands, which once again posted very strong performance. We continued to see strength in new business with wins such as Liberty Mutual and The Honest Company ad initiative as well as UM winning the Australian Federal Government and adding markets like India, South Africa and Vietnam with Spotify. UM also appointed the industry's first chief brand safety officer. This is a key area of focus that demonstrates our leadership and keeping clients' interest first and foremost in the digital ecosystem. It's fully consistent with our long-standing position to not take inventory positions in media so that we can provide unbiased counsel to our clients. During the quarter, Cadreon, our programmatic platform, made news by naming Erica Schmidt as the Company's global CEO. We also announced the first-of-its-kind strategic data and technology partnership with Nielsen. This will give us the ability to match millions of Mediabrands consumer IDs housed within AMP, our audience management platform, with extensive Nielsen TV viewing as well as purchase behavior insights. At McCann Worldgroup, the quarter saw a continued solid performance as well as very high levels of industry recognition. MRM//McCann followed its first-ever Grand Prix at Cannes last year by being named Business-to-Business Agency of the Year by AdAge during Q1. In March, the agency was also named the Magic Quadrant leader by Gartner among all global digital marketing agencies. This is an important and coveted designation within MRM, secured by combining compelling, creative with deep technology capabilities. Another leading agency in the Worldgroup family, McCann Health, also made news earlier this month by launching the industry's first global scientific council. This will tap into the medical community as well as scientists in government and other institutions to further elevate the sharing of evidence-based science in the interest of our pharma and healthcare clients. Innovations such as this are what is helping McCann Health win network of the year on its two years running at Cannes. Combining best-in-class specialist organizations, such as MRM and McCann Health, with the reach and creative firepower of McCann's global network, results in a very powerful offering that can make a real impact on our clients' businesses. At FCB, we also have an exceptional group of healthcare agencies, which is important since this is one of the most dynamic growing sectors of our industry. A real standout of late is Area 23, which was just recognized by Med Ad News as the most creative agency and most admired agency in the U.S. as well as the Agency of the Year. Other bright spots across the network include FCB Chicago's win of the very competitive GE Appliance review, the win of Hotwire by FCB West office in San Francisco and the agency's addition of Mini in Spain, which builds on their recent success with BMW across Europe and in Canada. During the quarter, the agency also launched a new content marketing division that will serve the global network and will be based in India, where FCB has built one of the markets largest and most respected full-service agencies. MullenLowe had a strong quarter on a range of fronts. The agency won significant accounts, such as Unilever's PG tips brand in the U.K., Lufthansa in China, Tesco in Malaysia and AkzoNobel's Professional Paints business globally. And earlier this week, the network announced a major global new business win with Edgewell and the Schick brand. MullenLowe Mediahub, the agency's bundled media offering, is also a standout performer. The agency had been on a winning streak and added a number of significant clients in the quarter, including Global Road Entertainment and Wyndham Hotel Group. And Mediahub was also named Creative Agency of the Year by MediaPost and recently expanded its New York office. On the digital transformation front, the agency recently launched a data science and analytic center in excellence of the APAC region, which would include decision in cognitive scientists and be based in Tokyo. Last year, we called out the challenging environment for project businesses, particularly as the year progressed. During this year's first quarter, we saw marked improvement in this area. Results at Huge were much improved, and we transitioned to new leadership that will position the agency for its next stage of development. Huge is reinvesting in consulting and business transformation expertise, capabilities which it helped to pioneer a number of years ago. R/GA, which has been a leader at every step in the evolution of digital marketing, further built out its senior team and made a number of major new appointments in areas, including technology and design. R/GA was named a Magic Quadrant leader by Gartner as well among all global digital marketing agencies. And the agency also won a significant consulting and implementation assignment from Shiseido in its new Tokyo office. And it launched the new LOT in sports tech accelerators, one in London and the other in Los Angeles. At Cannes, we look forward to introducing a new program devoted to startups with female founders. At CMG, we're also seeing an increased activity and opportunity. As we previously called out, Weber Shandwick and Golin are among the most highly awarded PR agencies in the business. We are especially proud that Weber Shandwick recently won PR Week's Agency of the Year honor for the fourth consecutive year. They have consistently been ahead of the game in building digital expertise, especially in social and, more recently, in data science and analytics. And while we are unable to identify the clients here, we're pleased that Weber closed 2017 with a significant consolidation with a global healthcare company. Golin recently won important assignments from Exxon for corporate sustainability. Also at CMG, Octagon continue to post strong performance, and Jack Morton also had a good quarter. At Octagon, existing clients were up, with contributions coming from the marketing segment domestically and internationally as well as from the entertainment and talent. At Jack Morton, we saw good growth across all regions, and FutureBrand's win of Cisco's brand architecture was a standout in the quarter. Our U.S. independents round out our portfolio. These agencies deliver a range of integrated services to their clients and also can combine with the rest of the IPG offering on our collaborative open architecture solutions. During the quarter, highlights within this group included Carmichael Lynch's win with Helzberg Diamonds; Hill Holliday's win with Frontier Communications; and just last week, a partnership between Deutsch and Starco Brands, which will see the agency work to introduce products in a range of consumer categories, including household and personal care; and The Martin Agency's win with Sling TV. Another item of note at Martin was the announcement that the agency had named its first-ever female Chief Creative Officer, Karen Costello. It's fair to say that the quality of our agencies and our talent base is what makes us competitive in the marketplace. Our ability to consistently deliver organic revenue growth that is ahead of the industry average bears that out. We remain net new business positive for the past 12 months. And as new business activity has begun to pick up this year, we're seeing all of our agencies invited on a range of opportunities. Of course, we will also remain disciplined in managing our costs, which is what has allowed us to make such great strides when it comes to enhancing the company's profitability over the long-term. One place you can expect us to continue to invest is in further developing our data stack, and the products that sit on top of it remains a priority for us. This will allow our media agencies to activate the data for highly targeted and accountable planning and buying purposes. In time, it should also become an asset that all of our agencies can plug into to inform both the messaging and the channels we use to connect our clients with the right consumer audiences. The first quarter is seasonally our smallest quarter, and we have most of 2018 still ahead of us. But the tone of business is solid as you've seen today in our [Q4] results. Our client conversations are constructive with respect to their plans for brand investment and consumer engagement. These discussions reflect the value that we bring to the table in helping clients navigate the complex media and consumer environment. Our experience in the unique set of resources that we can bring to bear on their behalf gives us confidence that we can continue to play an important role as marketers seek to innovate and grow. Looking forward, we see the results that we are sharing today as indicative of a solid start to 2018. We believe that we remain well-positioned to deliver the financial targets that we outlined earlier this year, the high end of 2% to 3% organic growth and 60 basis points to 70 basis points of operating margin expansion from our restated 2017 results. Combined with the strength of our balance sheet and our proven commitment and delivery when it comes to capital return, that means there remains significant potential value, value creation and enhanced shareholder value at IPG. As always, it's appropriate to thank our clients and our people who are the ultimate drivers of our success. With that, I'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Alexia Quadrani of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you so much. Just a couple of questions. The first one, on the impressive improvement in organic growth, particularly in the U.S. that you saw in the quarter. I think I heard that one of the drivers or one of the segments that was doing better was the consumer packaged goods sector. I guess if you could elaborate if that was sort of the existing clients now spending a bit more with you guys or it was influenced by new business wins. And I think you also said that digital picked up notably in the quarter. A same sort of question there, is it - clients I think maybe had pulled back last year, I think, starting in Q2, that maybe you are sort of rereleasing and feel more comfortable with the market. I guess, any color would be hugely helpful.
Michael Roth: Great. Good questions, Alexia, as always. Glad you picked up on the consumer side. What we did see - and by the way, our performance in this quarter is reflective of both additional spend by existing clients and by net new business wins. And we've seen that in the consumer goods, particularly in the U.S. So in the U.S., actually, consumer goods was up 10%, and that was reflective of new business wins and some additional client spend in the U.S. On a global basis, however, consumer goods was basically flat. So we did see some, obviously, cuts continuing in Europe with respect to some of our consumer goods clients, but that was offset by the positive results in the U.S. On the digital side, when I discuss project-based businesses and I refer to, for example, Huge, last year, as I indicated, we had a lot of these large, project-based businesses that didn't repeat, and that had an adverse effect in our results in 2017. What we did see in the first quarter, particularly at Huge and MRM was a pickup in those types of projects and new business win combination. So that accounts for the increase in our digital businesses in the U.S. We also saw a good positive pickup on the digital side of our businesses at Mediabrands, particularly at Cadreon and Reprise.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. And then just to clarify because we are getting some e-mails. The guidance that you've given and the target that you've given, really, obviously, for the same exact profit dollars, that, that doesn't get impacted at all by the accounting change in your statement?
Michael Roth: That's correct. When we said - I might as well put this out there because I know this question is there. When I said we expect the target for the year to be on the high end 2% to 3%, when we set our targets for the year of 2% to 3%, we knew, or at least we had a good shot at knowing, what this restatement impact was going to be. So you can properly conclude that a part of that statement, particularly the high end, in other words, closer to the 3%, is as a result of some of the movement as a result of the accounting change. But the fundamental 2% to 3% target remains intact, and that's real growth from our businesses. Similarly, the change in the margin, if you remember, we set it at 20 basis points, when you compare it to the restated number because of the movement of some of the earnings into another year, that converts to the 60 basis points to 70 basis points of margin expansion. So when I set our target now is 2% to 3% with the high end of 3% and 60 to 70 basis point margin expansion, that's the equivalent of apples-to-apples last year when we set our goal at 2% to 3% and 20 basis points. Did I do that right?
Alexia Quadrani: That's very helpful. That's perfect.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Benjamin Swinburne: Good morning, guys. Michael, I just wanted to pick up a little bit on that comment on the consumer, and I think it's a really interesting trend that you're talking about. When we look at the results, like Colgate reported this morning, and I'm certainly not a consumer analyst, but if you look across P&G and a lot of these - their businesses are really struggling. And I think they've been - there's a debate in the market of whether they should invest more or less to address the struggling top line. I think one of your, I guess, former peers used to call it short-termism. Do you think there's a change in how they're thinking about defending their brands and we're seeing that pick up in the spending trends? I know it's one quarter. It's always dangerous to react too much to one quarter. But some of these topline numbers are pretty tough when you look at their results on unit growth or pricing. And I think people are wondering what's the right move if you're running one of those companies around marketing. Obviously, I know you have a perspective on that.
Michael Roth: I have an answer to that, Ben.
Benjamin Swinburne: Yes. But I guess, I'm curious if you really think you're seeing a change in how they're managing their brand spend and reacting to this tough topline scenario as Amazon sets to open at an all-time high.
Michael Roth: Look, obviously, my view, and I think it's the correct one, is that in order to grow brands, you have to spend marketing dollars, period. In the last couple of months, I have been meeting with the top CEOs of a number of our global clients. And during those discussions, obviously, I asked those questions. And in fact, one of the CEOs specifically said, don't be bashful to mention the fact that we believe in building our brands and investing marketing dollars. The same is true as the other CEOs, because how else can you compete on an e-commerce basis if you don't have, first of all, a quality product, or let's assume that product is quality. It's not - you're not in the game, but you have to build brand loyalty. You have to build brand recognition to compete on the e-commerce platform. And the CEOs recognize that that's an imperative for them to gain market share or, in fact, maintain revenue growth. So the answer is yes. The tone from these clients is that we have to spend marketing dollars. On the other side, they want to make sure that they're not throwing money away on their marketing dollars. So that's where we actually come into the picture. Not only do we come up with a big creative idea to help brand affiliation and brand loyalty, we have to come out with the right platform and allocation of media and insights, combine that with the creative to help them move the needle. And that's where the battle is being fought right now. So that's why you hear us talking about investing in data analytics. That's how why you hear me talking about our data analytics isn't just applicable to media allocations. It's also applicable to our creative content. So all of this is with a view towards meeting the needs of our clients to provide those insights and brand loyalty buildup. So they're talking about it. In fact, I was listening to the earnings call yesterday on a number of companies, and clearly, they were all talking about increasing marketing spend. And in this environment, you have to do that.
Benjamin Swinburne: Yes. And just a question for Frank on the 606 rabbit hole, I apologize. Actually, I think I got it down for the year. Is the impact on a quarterly basis much different than your impact for the year on what you think 606 timing shifts meant? Or any color on Q1 just to help us think about that?
Frank Mergenthaler: Do you know what, Ben, we made a decision to restate the prior year, right, so it's complete apples-to-apples. So there should be no issue around the accounting as it relates to comparability in each quarter. And that's why we released the 8-K on Monday to show the restated 2017.
Michael Roth: I think the reason our conversation is focusing on our operating income, because that's the relevant number. If you look at our revenue, if you look at our expenses and you have operating income, that's real growth and it's real tone of business reflected in those numbers.
Benjamin Swinburne: Okay. Thank you.
Michael Roth: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Joyce of Evercore. Your line is now open.
David Joyce: Thank you. Given that there appears to be a heightened level of agency reviews underway in the industry, can you help us think about the trends that were starting to emerge in terms of consolidating accounts? It seems like there's been creative agencies on a project at one holdco and media buying on another. Do you see those coming together some more? And with these reviews that are underway, how would they be playing into the revenue trends this year? Thank you.
Michael Roth: Look, the number of the reviews are either as a result of a three-year timeframe when typically these big companies, from a procurement point of view, have a mandatory review. The other way of looking at it is with all the complexity and all the changes in the marketplace, it's healthy for them to look at their offerings and how it comes together. Every one of the RFPs that we're getting are coming into a holding company issue of what resources can you put to work on our needs, and you come back with a solution. Now each of us in the industry have different ways of approaching that. Our way of approaching it, we've been doing it for 12 years, is open architecture, where we bring together the best that IPG has to offer. And it may be focused more on a medium pitch, bringing in creative and other capabilities to it, or maybe from the creative side where we show the insights from data analytics and how that works. And that's what's going to win on these pitches that are out there. Clients want to see our capability on an integrated basis to bring in all the resources we have. And the good news on the pitches that you've been reading about is most of them are not our clients. So we view them as opportunities. That said, your next question is going to be, well, what are your clients, okay? And obviously, we still have the Army, which is a nice account for us that we've had for 12 years. Finally, it was a mandatory review. We're in the final stages of that, and that's both for media and creative. And McCann is a trusted partner of the Army, and we're working that and hope to hear from them, obviously, this year, we hope. But it's that's one. We have Dunkin' Donuts media review up there. And of course, Volkswagen was just recently announced where we do the creative work in the U.S. at Deutsch. And those are the major reviews that we have that are public out there, and the rest that you see are opportunities for us in which we're participating.
Michael Roth: Thank you and we have the next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
John Janedis: Thanks. Michael, maybe a bit of a follow-up, it looks like you're going to lead the peer group on the organic side, and I know you've talked about some of the delayed budget. But any sense of tax reform money flowing in? And based on some of the uncertainty at your peers, are marketers or talent looking at IPG for stability when making decisions? Or who they do business with because I was thinking there's maybe an opportunity to take some share here this year?
Michael Roth: They've always looked to IPG for stability, which is a great statement to make - given those you know the history of IPG. Look, I think the fact that we've been certainly the leaders in the transparency and agnostic view of allocation in media, I think all of that lends itself to our credibility in dealing with our clients. And I heard that directly in some pitches where the consultants sort of had it as a given that we're wearing a white hat, and the way we approach these things is with the client interest first. And that reputation helps us considerably. And it's how we go to market. And I think if you remember the last time we had Mediapalooza, we did quite well in it. And I don't like to jinx things, but we hope to do well this year on the new pitches, and I said most of those are new opportunities for us. On the Volkswagen one, they are looking for global consolidation. We do the U.S. Volkswagen with Deutsch. They're very happy with the work that Deutsch has been doing. So obviously, we're going to put our best foot forward on that one, but other than that, these are all opportunities. And obviously in this marketplace, it's very competitive, and clients are looking for stability and agencies that they can trust. And I'd like to believe that we're that agency and holding company that has those kinds of people and offerings.
John Janedis: Okay. Maybe one for Frank, look I know that you've been investing in people and analytics. But with severance ticking up, I was thinking about the margin outlook. So would it be fair to assume you'll start to see some more leverage and the base in benefits line going forward, given the revenue outlook?
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, John. The first quarter is our smallest quarter profitability-wise. So the metric of 1.6% severance seems high. We still model 1% for the full year, and there's nothing - that was baked into our guidance. So we should start to see incremental leverage through the salary line.
John Janedis: Great, thanks guys.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Peter Stabler of Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Peter Stabler: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Michael, I think we can all agree 2005 is ancient history.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Peter Stabler: So stop talking about stability. So just a couple, you talked about macro, you referenced macro uncertainty a couple of times. And given the fact that GDP outlook is generally pretty decent, wondering if you can offer a little more color. Are you talking about kind of client sectors? Or are you talking about more on a regional dynamic basis that you still see pockets of macro uncertainty? Where does the U.S. fit into that framework? And then secondly, I know you're allowed to pick up all your guidance. But given the strong start in the U.S., do you think the U.S. could outperform international this year?
Michael Roth: All right, well, let me go back - I didn't answer one of John's questions, but it ties into what you're talking about, and that is his question about tax. And being a former tax guy, I do have clients, whether they're using their tax dollars to increase marketing spend, which ties into the macro economics. And I have had some conversations where look, none of our clients, frankly, unfortunately, had capital constraints in terms of where they spend their money. But I did for the first time, in Davos, for example, meet with some clients who indicated that the tax law changes were beneficial as it was to us. And therefore, some of those tax dollars will be used in marketing dollars, which is good. But the real issue for them is the return on investment for the marketing dollars. And if we can prove it, they'll spend the money and they have it. The macroeconomic issues that I raised is both. One is stability and frankly, the global environment. I mean, we can't disregard any issues that might impact the macroeconomic. Right now, frankly, the tone is very positive, particularly in the U.S., and we hope that continues. But you always have to put the caveat out there that this is subject to macroeconomic impact, which we know we saw at one time years ago, and we always have to put that out there. But right now, the tone is very positive, and there are sectors that are coming under strain. And yes, the question on consumer goods is relevant to that because we did see significant cutbacks in consumer goods when there were activists, when there were pressures on margin. But I think our clients are realizing that you can't continue not to spend marketing dollars and drive revenue because it's hard to cut just expenses without revenue to increase margin. So I'm somewhat - I'll put it out there that it feels like some of the bleeding on consumer goods and cuts is slowing down, I'll put it that way. And in some cases, it stopped. And that's an opportunity for us. And I have to believe that as long as the macroeconomic environment continues to be positive, whether it be in Europe, particularly in the UK, which is obviously, we've shown good performance in the UK again at 7.8% organic growth, net organic growth, that clients will feel more comfortable spending and converting that marketing dollars to revenue and margin.
Peter Stabler: Did U.S. outgrow international?
Michael Roth: Well - look, 62% of our business is in the U.S., right? And therefore, it's kind of important that we continue that. And if you look at the fourth quarter and you look at the first quarter, our U.S. performance is outperforming. And you know what, if that's the way it is, we'll take it.
Peter Stabler: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Nollen of Macquarie. Your line is open.
Timothy Nollen: Thanks. My question is about data privacy and regulation. You guys have said for many, many years now actually that your agencies, like MRM and Huge and R/GA, are very strong and doing very well. You mentioned today about investing in data and using your data stack to have your - all your agencies draw up on that. With GDPR right around the corner now in Europe, and obviously, it's a European initiative and that's a relatively small business for you in Europe geographically, but I think it applies across much of the organization still. I wonder if you could talk about, first off, if you're confident in your level of compliance with GDPR. And secondly, if you can talk about any client spending reactions to GDPR, i.e., any fear or potential slowdown there with that really just a few weeks away now? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Yes, - you're correct. Right now, GDPR is a European issue because at the end of the month, it comes into effect. Now this didn't sneak up on us, all right? So we knew it was coming. And frankly, let me - I think it's totally appropriate for transparency and privacy to be in the forefront of what we do. And we've tackled this in a centralized basis because that's the way to deal with it when you're dealing with a global company and when you have global clients. And we set up appropriate teams and we're very comfortable that when the time comes at the end of May, we will be ready for it, and we will be able to pass whatever issues come to us under that environment. And we've been working very closely with our third-party providers where a lot of these issues come into play. And frankly, our expertise in this is relevant to both third-party providers as well as our clients. So we have seen clients working with us to make sure they're compliant as well. So we just recently had calls on this. We've had a presentation to our Board of Directors on this. And we're very comfortable where - how we are positioned to meet the needs of this. And look, the regulations are coming out. Some haven't come out yet, but - and we're monitoring it very closely, but we have the appropriate structure within IPG to solve any issues that come out of these regulations. And then look, this is going to evolve. No one is going to get it 100% right. The ethics of our data and relationship with our clients, our consumers and third-parties is a top priority for us and we're comfortable that we'll be able to meet those needs.
Timothy Nollen: And will clients continue to spend, or is there maybe last minute anxieties there?
Michael Roth: Yes, no, I think clients will continue to spend. Look, they realize this was on the horizon as well, and we haven't seen any pullbacks. And let me just add, because that's probably a follow-up question, we haven't seen any major pullbacks in light of the Facebook issues that are out there as well. Look, it's a concern. We're working with Facebook to make sure that third-party data has the appropriate permissions that are necessary. Client information, as long as clients are using their own data on Facebook, that seems to be okay. So there are ways to deal with this, and Facebook every day is coming out with new solutions to it. So I think that, ultimately, we'll all get this right, but clients are not pulling back to date as a result.
Timothy Nollen: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Bazinet of Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Bazinet: Thanks. I just had a quick question on taxes. I think it was asked earlier, but given that 60% of your business is U.S.-based, how do we get such a high GAAP tax rate at that 28%? And is there something unusual that might lead us to believe that it could be a lower GAAP tax rate two, three years down the road? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Funny you should ask that question. Look, obviously, the tax rate - first of all, its small revenue in the first quarter. And the real reason why our tax rate is so high is that, if you recall, when Frank was talking about the disposition of assets, we had $20 some-odd million of write-offs. We had some losses in foreign countries, if you will, which we don't have the benefit. And we don't get the benefit of the tax losses for the write-offs that we were referring to. So that had an abnormal impact on our tax rate in the first quarter. That said, we still believe a 27% to 28% effective tax rate for the full-year is what you should use. So there was nothing, other than not getting the benefit of some of the losses in the first quarter that caused that tax rate to be so high.
Jason Bazinet: Oh, no, I'm not focused at all on the first quarter. I was just - if I sort of reverse engineer it, and we obviously don't have the profitability by region. But if 60% is U.S. and you use a low 20s tax rate, then you have to sort of get something in the high 30s for the rest. And so I'm just more worried about if the 2019 to 2021 - go ahead.
Michael Roth: Yes. We said this in the call in February, actually. So if you looked at our cash tax rate, which is different in our book tax rate, our cash tax rate is more like 23% to 24%. And the reason it's higher than the statutory number is we have earnings, under the new tax law, we're going to be taxed on unrepatriated earnings. So that's built into our cash taxes for the full-year. And the 28% reflects the lower tax rate on our earnings for the full-year in the U.S. So that's why you should use 28% for a book tax rate, we're comfortable in that number, and 23% to 24% on a cash tax basis in the U.S. And I might add, overall, the effect of the new tax law should benefit us net-net in the range of $50 million for the full-year.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Jason, that projected rate is bottoms-up built by market and projected profitability, and it also includes state taxes in the U.S. So it's not a top-down number, it's bottoms-up, and that's the best thinking we have now.
Jason Bazinet: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dan Salmon of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Daniel Salmon: Good morning, everyone. Michael, you're always making changes to the portfolio and evolving it and trying to optimize it. But last year, it felt like a particularly busy one with, especially some divestitures, some notable management changes. What do you think are the most important elements of that for investors to understand? Sometimes, we'll have conversations where people take it as a sign of weakness. Instead, it seems like you're improving your portfolio. And so I just want to touch on that issue a little bit more. And then as a follow on to it, where - are you happy with the traction of the changes that you've made and how you see that playing out this year? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Yes, I know it's a fair question. You like to see stability. And look, we have over 90 units to 100 units within IPG. So if we're not making changes, something's wrong, okay, because somewhere in the world is something not going right or could be done better. So we're constantly looking. And whenever we make a change, we obviously look to make it positive and an opportunity to reposition either the portfolio company and management to make sure that it's consistent with the standards and the go-to-market strategies that we have. And the changes that we made this year were in that context. Either there was - unfortunately in one case, we had a difficult fact pattern, in particular at The Martin Agency, which we had to deal with very quickly. And I'm actually delighted with the changes that we put in, in The Martin Agency. They're back on track. As I indicated, we won some new business. And Kristen has been very well-received at The Martin Agency, and we're pretty excited about what we're going to see there. The changes we made at Huge were also very positive and very well-received. I'm very happy with the results of that. In fact, Huge was one of our top performers in the first quarter. As far as the businesses that we are removing, every year, we look at underperforming businesses that don't make sense. In the old days, we had to be in every market with every agency. That's not the way to operate efficiently. And candidly, our clients don't operate that way, so why should we? So every year, we take a look at all of these underperforming assets. When we do quarterly business reviews, we go by regions, and we see which regions are making money and which aren't. And if they're not delivering and they're dilutive, we have to have a good business reason why those businesses are operating the way they are. And what we came to after our business reviews that these particular businesses were underperforming, and they were not strategic to our portfolio. And if we weren't doing that, you would think we weren't paying attention to our objectives and our operating our business. That's what the holding company does, right, it allocates capital and resources. So I'm very comfortable with the changes we made. I'm more comfortable, in particular with the additions that we've made in terms of talent and capabilities in the fastest growing parts of our business. And you should continue to see us do that because that's indicative of us recognizing that this market is changing, and we have to be and have the talent to be able to meet those challenges.
Daniel Salmon: Okay, thank you.
Michael Roth: You're welcome.
Frank Mergenthaler: You're welcome.
Operator: This concludes our call. Any final thoughts?
Michael Roth: Well, thank you all very much. Obviously, we're excited about the first quarter, but we got a lot of the years to come, so we look forward to our next call.
Operator: This concludes our call. All participants may disconnect. Thank you again for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-14 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The Interpublic Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of todays call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern Time. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our results for the fourth quarter and 2017. As usual, I'll start out by covering the highlights of our performance, as well as our outlook for the New Year. Frank will then provide additional details, and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by our Q&A. Were pleased to report fourth quarter performance highlighted by stronger organic growth and margin expansion, as well as the full year financial results that deliver on the growth and margin target outlined in our October update. Among our financial highlights, fourth quarter organic revenue growth was 3.3% which is on top of a very challenging 5.3% in last years fourth quarter. Organic growth was 2.5% excluding the increase in our pass-through revenues. Growth in the quarter was driven by a wide range of our agencies and services and in both our U.S. and international markets. We were led by the continuing outstanding performance of IPG Mediabrands, which again had strong global growth and they are creatively driven advertising businesses at McCann World Group, FCB and Deutsch. From the point of view of client sectors, we had notable growth in the areas of auto and transportation, travel, government, and healthcare. Our fourth quarter operating margin was 22.1%, which is an increase of 70 basis points from a year ago, reflecting leverage on a salaries and related expenses. Importantly, 2017 full year operating margin increased 40 basis points to 12.4%. Our fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.81 and with $0.79 as adjusted, which is a 5.3% increase over comparable earnings per share year ago. The adjustments primarily back out the impacts of U.S. tax reform on our tax provision. For the full year, our diluted earnings per share was a $1.46 and was a $1.41 as adjusted. That strong bottom line performance is attribute to our 50,000 talented and dedicated colleagues around the world, who have maintained their focus on delivering innovation and effectiveness for our clients, all of our people can take pride in their accomplishments. Alongside our operating gains, we continue to invest over the course of the year and an outstanding talent across our agencies, as well as in the technologies data and analytics that keep us on the leading edge of our industry, especially in our media, digital, creative and marketing services. At the same time weve continued to return capital to our shareholders at significant and increasing levels. During the fourth quarter, we purchased 4.2 million shares using $84 million. For the full year, we utilized $300 million for the repurchase of 13.7 million shares, lowering our year-end total of basic shares and shares eligible for dilution to 391 million, a decrease of 2.7% from the year ago. Since initiating our capital return programs in 2011, weve returned a total of $3.6 billion to shareholders with a combination of common share dividends and repurchases, and weve reduced our outstanding shares eligible for dilution by 30%. This morning we continue that history with our boards decision to raise IPGs quarterly dividend by 17% to $0.21 per share. This marks our sixth consecutive year of double-digit percentage increases to the dividend with a cumulative increase per share of 350% since 2011. We also announced that our board has authorized an additional $300 million for share repurchase. Combined with the remaining authorization as of the beginning of the year of $156 million this brings the total pro forma amount available for share repurchase to $456 million. Together, these actions reflect our continuing operating success in recent years, IPGs substantial financial strength and significant confidence in our future prospects. As we return to our outlook for 2018 its encouraging to see that our value to marketers continue to drive growth as reflected in our fourth-quarter and that we continue to convert revenue increases to operating profit growth at a high level. We all know that consumers are changing the way they engage with brands, at the same time, marketers are competing with new business models and working to transform their relationships with consumers while simultaneously contending with a number of short-term pressures. As weve previously discussed, these many changes introduced a note of caution to marketing investment across our industry during 2017, and they continue to entail both risk and opportunity for IPG. Our company remains sanely focused and uniquely resource to help clients navigate this environment and realize their opportunities. The current global economic picture also provides a very clear potential to be more supportive to our industry. That is my sense of the business climate for recent conversations with clients. While the caution we saw much of last year will not lift overnight, we expect to gradually put the slower revenue growth of 2017 behind us, and post improved growth this year. We continue to believe that we are very well positioned to deliver growth of revenue and profit in 2018, and for the long-term. Accordingly, we are targeting 2% to 3% organic growth for 2018. Along with this level of growth, we expect to continue to build on our long-standing record of operating margin expansion and are targeting an increase of 20 basis points in 2018 over the results we are reporting today. As we look ahead, its worth taking into account our estimate of positive impact on the financials from recently enacted U.S. tax reform. A year ago we described our normalized effective tax rate of 35% to 36% on our consolidated results, and along with that normalized cash tax rate of approximately 29% of pre-tax income. The changes to the U.S. tax code mean that going forward our normalized consolidated effective tax rate for the full year should decrease to approximately 28%. Along with that, our normalized cash tax rate should decrease to 24%. In some, we are focus is always on the drivers of value creation in growth, margin expansion, and capital returns, and are confident that they will continue to work well for the long-term at Interpublic. At this stage, Ill turn things over to Frank for additional depth and detail on our performance and Ill return with an update and highlights of our business. Frank.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael and good morning. As a reminder, I'll be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On slide two, youll see a summary of our results. Fourth report organic growth was 3.3% and was 2.5% excluding impact on higher pass-through revenue. U.S. organic growth was 3.7% and was 2.5% excluding the impact of higher pass-through revenue on top of 3.3% Q4'16. International organic growth was 2.9% and that was on top of 7.8% in Q4'16. For the full-year consolidated organic growth was 1.8%. Q4 operating margin in our seasonally largest quarter was 22.1% compared with 21.4% a year ago, an increase of 70 basis points. For the full-year, operating margin expanded 40 basis points to 12.4% which marks another advance in our record of long-term significant margin expansion IPG. Our success is due to effectively leveraging our growth with disciplined expense management and a paper performance incentive model for which the principal metrics are revenue and margin growth relative to targets at the beginning of each year. For the quarter, adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.79 while full year diluted EPS as adjusted was a $1.41 per share. Cash flow from operations was $882 million for the year compared with $513 million in 2016 reflecting a strongly improved working capital result. We repurchased 13.7 million shares for $300 million during the year. As Michael mentioned, we announced this morning that our board has again significantly increased our common share dividend to $0.21 per share quarterly and added $300 million to our share repurchase authorization. Turning to slide three youll see our P&L for the quarter. Ill cover revenue and operating expenses in detail slides that follow. Turning to revenue on slide four, fourth quarter revenue was $2.34 billion compared Q4'16 the impact of the change in exchange rates was an increase of 1.2% while net dispositions was offsetting negative 1.1%. Resulting organic revenue was 3.3%. Increase pass-through revenue added 80 basis points to our growth without which the organic growth change was 2.5%. Remind you pass-through revenues are offset dollar for dollar in our O&G expense, an increase in decrease to pass-through revenue do not change our operating profit. Revenue growth for the full-year was one half of 1%, which reflects organic growth of 1.8% and 1.3% decreased due to our net dispositions. FX for the year was diminimus. As you can see on the bottom half of the slide, Q4 organic growth at our integrated agency networks was 3.3%. The segment was led by Mediabrands which continues terrific performance and by McCann and FCB. Growth was 2.2% for the full-year. At our CMG segment, marketing services specialists organic growth was 3.3% in the quarter, but was a decrease of 1.9% excluding the benefit of higher pass-through revenue which is disproportionately in our sports marketing and events businesses. CMG revenue was flat organically for the full-year and down 40 basis points as adjusted for pass-through. Moving onto slide five, revenue by region, in the U.S. Q4 organic growth was 3.7% and it was 2.5% excluding the increase in pass-through revenues. Growth was broad based led by Mediabrands, McCann, FCB, Deutsche, Carmichael and Jack Morton. Pass-through revenue increase that weve noted in the U.S. is due to higher project spent with Jack Morton. Among client sectors, auto and transportation healthcare and government and travel contributed notably to growth while the CPG sector also increased in the U.S. Over the full year, our organic growth in U.S. was 2.2% when increases across Mediabrands, McCann, FCB, and Carmichael Lynch. Our top client sectors domestically were healthcare, auto and transportation and government. In our International markets, organic growth was 2.9% in Q4 and was 2.5% excluding increase in pass-through revenues. Continental Europe, we grew 7.9% organically in the fourth quarter which was 6.6% excluding the pass-through impact which is very strong performance especially against the 11.1% growth in Q4'16. Among our largest markets in the region, we had double-digit growth in Germany, Italy or France and Spain were approximately flat. Here again, we had strong growth at Mediabrands and also Jack Morton Events and Weber Shandwick and public relations. Organic growth for the full year was 3.5% on top of 5.7% in 2016. In the U.K. our organic growth in the quarter was slightly negative by 40 basis points, and increased 1% as adjusted for pass-through. You will recall that our U.K. growth was nearly 12% in the fourth quarter 2016. McCann, Mediabrands and Huge performed very well in the quarter. For the full-year which is at the right of the slide, the U.K. grew 4.1% adjusted for lower pass-throughs, which was against 5% on the same base of 2016. In Asia-Pac, our revenue decreased organically by 90 basis points or negative 2.7% excluding the pass-through increases. Full year numbers were in a similar range. India continues to be a standout performer in both the quarter and the year, while China, Australia, and Japan were notably slower. In LatAm we grew 6.5% organically in the quarter compounding 5% growth a year ago. That performance surprisingly flat for the full-year against 12% growth in 2016. In the fourth quarter, Argentina and Mexico continue to be very strong markets. Brazil increased slightly despite the difficult macro environment. Overall regional performance in the quarter was driven by strong results at Mediabrands, R/GA and FCB. In our Other Markets Group, organic revenue growth was 4.5% in the quarter led by our Canada and South African markets. Our growth was 4.5% as well for the full year. On slide six, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue on a trailing 12-month basis; the most recent data point was 1.8% for calendar 2017 on top of 5% in 2016 and 6.1% in 2015. Moving onto expenses on slide seven, our discipline around operating expenses continue to make a significant contribution to our margin growth. Under 3.4% revenue growth, our total operating expense increased 2.5% in the quarter. For the full year, our ratio of total salaries and related expenses to revenue was 64.3% compared with 64.2% a year ago. Underneath that, we delevered on expense for base payroll benefits and tax due to slower top line growth in 2017. At the same time, we took the appropriate and significant actions to align expenses with revenue over the course of the year. We had significant leverage for the year on incentive expense, which was 3.3% of revenue compared with 4.0% in 2016. We also leveraged our category and other salaries and related expenses which include employee performance based contractual bonus payments. Other salaries and related were 2.5% of revenues in 2017 compared with 3% in 2016. Year-end headcount was approximately 50,200 compared with 49,800 a year ago an increase of less than 1%. Turning to office and general expenses on the bottom half the slide, O&G was 23.4% of full year revenue compared with 23.8% giving us 40 basis points of year-on-year operating leverage. With O&G we had operating leverage on our category of other O&G expenses which includes lower direct expenses and will be offset to lower pass-through revenues. We also leveraged our expenses for T&E, office supplies and telecom which again is a result of our continued focus on costs. On slide eight, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis with the most recent data at 12.4% we have made sustained and significant [Indiscernible]. This is still work to be done and we remain highly focused on continued progress. Turning to slide nine, we present more detail on below the line adjustments to our reported fourth quarter results in order to give you a better picture of comparable performance. We had small loss in the quarter of 3 million in other expense from the sale of small non-strategic businesses which is more than offset by the related tax benefit and resulted in a penny per share in earnings. Moving from left to right on this slide, as a consequence of tax reform, we reversed a benefit in the amount of $31 million for U.S. federal tax credits. We also recorded a benefit from the net impact of U.S. tax reform to the number $36 million or $0.09 per share. That amount primarily represents the net of revaluing a deferred tax liabilities less the one-time charge for the so-called repatriation tax under The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The result as shown is fourth quarter adjusted earnings -- $0.79 per share. Slide 10 depicts similar adjustments for the full-year again for comparability. You can see our loss of $0.04 per diluted share for business dispositions and have benefited $0.09 per share for tax reforms. Result is adjusted full year diluted EPS with $1.41. Our normalized tax rate for the full-year was 36.1%. Before moving onto cash flow, we should remind everyone that our report today is the last one before we are required to report under the new revenue recognition Accounting Standard, ASC 606. We are well along with our work on 606 and were not yet fully complete but we can say with certainty that there will be no change to our model for value creation IPG. For that matter, to our priorities to drive organic growth and margin expansion. As previously disclosed, we have elected to restate prior years for the new standard. We believe it is the transition method that provides the best continuity for our constituencies and the best alignment of our commentary reported results in the year ahead. We plan to provide the quarterly 2017 restated results in an 8-K filing sometime prior to our first quarter 2018 earnings release in April, along with more color and detail. We foresee two principal impacts of the new standard on our reporting. One is earlier recognition of some revenue and profit mainly for a portion of client performance bonuses. The new standard requires recognizing some revenues as the work is performed rather than deferring recognition until the measurement period is complete. That rephrasing requirement moves a small portion of our revenue and profit earlier between years. Restating 2017 for the new standard for example, will require that we recognize some client bonuses in 2017 that would have been recognized in 2018 under the old standard. Similarly, well be required to push some revenue and profit from 2017 back to 2016. We estimate that this will results in a decrease to our 2017 operating profit for approximately 3% to 4% when restated. That is due to year-to-year changes to our client contracts, the timing of when bonuses were recognized and changes in our client base. Importantly, there will be no change to our 2017 cash flow or to our 2018 financial targets in terms of operating profit and earnings-per-share as a result of restating. The second impact of adopting ASC 606 that we will report noticeably more gross revenue and more gross expense with dollar-per-dollar increase to revenue and expense. The change would have no impact on cash flow, operating profit, net income of earnings per share. Our estimate for 2017 which is still subject to change is that we have approximately $1.2 million more of both revenue and expense under the new standard. Nearly all this increase relates to events at Jack Morton, Momentum and Octagon, as well as to our PR and Healthcare Specialists. None of the incremental gross revenue relates to our media business. To enhance the transparency of our results, well add disclosure of our net revenue and income beginning with our first quarter this year, and our key performance metric will track the net organic revenue growth and revenue operating margin. To clarify, that will be an increment $1.1 billion of incremental revenue, again, more to come on this point prior to our Q1 release. Slide 11 is cash flow for the full year. Cash from operations in 2017 was $882 million compared to $513 million a year ago. The comparison includes a strong improvement in our working capital result which used $28 million compared with $415 million a year ago. Our investing activities used $196 million in the year including $156 million for CapEx, $31 million for acquisitions. CapEx is majority IT investment and second leasehold improvements office space. CapEx was decreased from 2016 only a few large office relocations. Financing activities used $1 billion, which is comprised mainly of $325 million of premature and long-term, $300 million to repurchase shares and $280 million for common stock dividend. In 2017, our net decrease in cash and cash equivalents was $303 million. Slide 12 is a view of our debt over the past 11 years with total debt of $1.37 billion at year-end 2017, a $300 million, 2.25% notes matured in mid-November, which we refinanced with commercial paper. Q4 is seasonally our strongest operating cash flow quarter which we use to extinguish the outstanding commercial paper by year-end. As a result at year end we have the lower debt balance which you see on this table and also lower cash balance compared two-year ago. Slide 13 is the current portion of our balance sheet. Total cash and cash equivalents was $791 million at year-end, so net debt was approximately same levels a year ago. Slide 14 depicts the total of our average basic shares plus diluted shares overtime and the far right shows the total as of year-end 2017. Our average total shares decreased by 160 million shares over this time period, due to share repurchases and the simplification of our capital structure. Our starting position for 2018 is 391 million shares. In summary on slide 15, we are pleased to conclude the year with solid Q4 performance. Our operating teams deliver significant margin growth in 2017 even as the revenue environment became more challenging. Our balance sheet continues to be a meaningful source of value creation which is evident in the actions announced by our board today. That leaves us well-positioned to deliver on our objectives for the full year. With that, Ill turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. As you can tell, weve closed the year on a stronger note with respect to both growth and profitability. As I've indicated it's too early to say conclusively that the broader trends that we saw, impact our industry last year are entirely behind us. But fourth quarter results as well as the conversations with our operators and number of our key clients are encouraging. It seems that as we move forward into 2018 marketers would turn their focus solely from expense reductions to also encompass growth. And that is an area in which our unique expertise and capabilities can play an important role. While the macro-environment continues to include geopolitical uncertainty as a parent in the daily headlines from around the globe, economic fundamentals remain solid overall and improved clarity with respect to tax reform is a notable positive for business. What is more as you heard me say before Confusion is good and there's still plenty of that, due to the very complex and quickly evolving technology media and communications landscape. This represents a continued opportunity for a company like ours with a range of strategic and creative talent we bring to bear to our clients businesses and challenges. Our embedded digital offerings throughout the portfolio, as well as special capabilities in emerging areas like programmatic, data and analytics, the name but a few. At IPG we remain committed to the idea that the best talent is the best work for our clients, which is key for us to win in the marketplace. This is a vision that we put to work in many ways. From our proven commitment to investing in talent over the long haul, to the work we do incubating innovative startups, to our industry-leading programs that promoted more diverse and inclusive workplace. These are fundamental drivers of our success and we will continue to invest behind and live up to our DNI aspirations, build on our accelerator programs and foster our culture that is both entrepreneurial and accountable. This is what allows us to attract the best people whether theyre traditional craft practitioners, or they represent the most leading-edge technological capabilities. We all know that our industry is changing rapidly. As you'd expect we regularly monitor activity in adjacent sectors and among potential new entrants into our space. So as to ensure that we continue to develop our integrated model and deliver a fully relevant and contemporary range of services to our clients. Turning now to performance at the agency level, let me provide a brief progress report on the key developments within a portfolio. Highlighted during the fourth quarter were led by media brands which posted outstanding performance. UM close the year with big wins with Spotify and Ubisoft, both very sophisticated marketers. To follow-on wins earlier in the year of Accenture and Coach. Initiative won two global pitches, Carlsberg and LEGO, as well as an important incumbent defense of the Amazon account. The agency's new business performance was just recognized by a top regular ranking and were pleased to see the network reaching the same height as UM. Cadreon and Reprise are also first-rate digital partners for our clients. These will be key as we go into a New Year in which new business activity is accelerating in the media space. Were excited to enter 2018 with positive market momentum as well as the distinctive market position due to our long-standing commitment to a high level of transparency. Media brand is also the place where we will continue to focus and invest behind our considerable data and analytic capabilities, in order to develop the next generation data stack that concern all of our agencies including creative as we push for even more accountability in our marketing programs. McCann had another solid year with strong new business performance that heads them on top of many league tables. The agency wins featured brands for marketing powerhouses such as Reckitt Benckiser, Coca-Cola, MGM, Bombardier, Diageo and BASF. McCanns performance at creative award shows continues to reach new heights. Above all 2017 was the year with the Fearless Girl statue, which became a cultural phenomenon, it droves important social conversations and of course fueled great results for that client. McCann also continue to up its game in digital marketing where its created outstanding campaigns in recent years and upgraded senior-level talent across North America and its headquarters New York office as well as in China. FCB closed the year strong in terms of financial performance and also launch the new Circles campaign for Levis, which was some of the most talked about creative work this year. The agency also introduced both the work for Clorox one of the networks recent signature global wins. FCB Chicago continues to thrive, supporting clients with the full range of services from consumer advertising to CRM, shopper marketing, digital and state-of-the-art production capabilities. FCB health also maintained its position as a growth driver and the industry thought leader and a top creative performer in the healthcare marketing space. MullenLowe build momentum and recognition for breakthrough creativity and integrated services which the agency refers to as hyper bundling. During the year MullenLowe put together an impressive run a new business wins including Eurosport, E*TRADE and Whole Foods which is likely the most competitive AOR pitch of 2017, in terms of the number of agencies involved in the review. Additional media wins included Chipotle, Nuveen and Staples. Recent acquisitions in London will further enhance the agency's capabilities in terms of advertising creativity and PR. Despite a challenging environment for project businesses which we called out for you and are calls last year, our outstanding digital specialty agencies, R/GA and Huge one signature high profile assignments and built out their capabilities. At Huge and most notable was the McDonald's digital consumer experience account, one of only a handful of cases during 2017 in which we faced off against not only our traditional competitive set but also some of the consultancies. R/GA wins included work on Hyundai, Guinness, Nikon and Cody [ph] as well as Digital Innovation Agency of the Year honors from campaign in London. As some of our competitors count the introduction of AI platforms, to boost productivity and talent deployment, it bears noting that R/GA's internal platform built to perform the same function has been in development for close to a decade and integrate the skills and workflow of over 2000 employees across 17 R/GA offices. Weber Shandwick remains a leader in it space with the strong leadership team that regularly garners top honors from its industry press in every world region. The agency bolsters its capabilities in data science, analytics and performance marketing with recent acquisitions. Weber was recognized by the homes support with the top ranking of the global creative index and the Daughters of Mother India campaign are in top honors as the most awarded PR campaign of the past 12 months. We were equally pleased that the agencies started out 2018 with the global consolidation win with the major IPG client. Also with CMG wish you a very strong performance from Octagon. The agency is a leader in sports marketing which is increasingly important sector which taps into deep consumer passion points and is one of the few ways we can still reach large aggregate audiences on behalf of our clients. Our U.S. independence round out the portfolio, each has a range of services that it can deliver on an integrated standalone basis to major clients. As part of our customized open architecture IPG solution, as Deutsche does on our global J&J Acuvue business or Hill Holiday on the consumer side and number of J&J former engagement. Both of these agencies as well as Carmichael Lynch had a very successful year and we look forward to including them in more integrated teams on a going forward basis. As you know weve been focused on delivering on the vision of open architecture for nearly a decade. Although this has become something of a talking point for all our competitors, we continue to feel that our approach is a positive differentiator, since we integrate the best of our talent across the organization by means of fully consolidated teams with regular involvement and leadership from senior IPG level corporate executives. Its clear that the quality of our strategic and creative offerings is currently at the highest level thats been many years. Globally at major competitions ranging from Cannes to the Effies, our agencies are recognized with the highest honors and our group performance is outstanding. Despite a very challenging revenue environment in 2017, we posted solid results and achieve growth that was ahead of the industry average. We also demonstrated our ability to remain focused on and deliver margin improvement. This is consistent with our long-term record of improving profitability in both higher and more moderate growth environments. This is an achievement were proud of, as is the fact that weve made such great progress in terms of company balance sheet and overall financial strength. Our capital return programs continue to be significant drivers of value. Our board decision today to once again meaningfully increase the dividend and also add to our share repurchase program shows a continued commitment to return value to shareholders, as well as confidence in our future prospects. Looking forward against the backdrop of macro-economic and political uncertainty the tone of the business is good and new business activity seems to be picking up. The breadth and strength of portfolio positions as well to participate in most pitch opportunities and is further organic growth to be had by broadening the scope of our relationships with existing clients. In light of these factors we believe that we should continue to see competitive organic revenue performance in 2018, which is why were targeting growth of 2% to 3% for 2018. Along with his level of growth were targeting operating margin expansion of 20 basis points over the results were reporting today. This builds on our strong long-term record in this area. At the same time we will continue to invest in the outstanding talent and emerging capabilities that required to positions us for the long-term. Combined with the strength of our balance sheet and our consistent commitment and strong delivery when it comes to capital return, that means that they remain significant potential for value creation and enhance shareholder value. As always, we thank our clients, our people who are the foundation of our success. With that, Ill open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani from JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Alexia Quadrani: Hello. Thank you very much. I guess the first question is how much of the better organic growth that you saw in Q4? Do you think this result of sort of budget flush versus more of change in trend or maybe pickup in spending. And along those lines when you look at the  your commentary and your guides for organic growth to improve in 2018 and improve more importantly as the year progresses, what gives you that visibility? Is it your conversations with clients? And then beginning bit more optimistic about spending levels? Or is more just the easiest comparisons, like any color on that probably super helpful? Thank you.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia. All the above look obviously in the fourth quarter we were pleased to see the result as evidenced by the results weve reported. What I liked about the results in the quarter was that and for the year actually, its across the board. Frankly the only region that was down was in Asia Pac and had the client losses there and even there we saw some good strength in India. We saw a return to some projects in the fourth quarter which was helpful particularly in Jack Morton and Octagon, so we saw that flow through. But overall I think the tone that were seeing which is gist of your question is more positive. I'm still cautious about it. But I think the fourth quarter and the fact that we're using 2% to 3% goal for 2018 is consistent with our view that what we saw in 2017 was not a secular change in our industry. It was cyclical. It was very client specific particularly we saw it in certain CPG clients and environments and so on. So, I think what we saw in the fourth quarter was a return to some spending. Were not raising the flag in terms of taking all caution, while for the perspective, but this is certainly a better feel out there with respect to the environment, but theres still elements of caution. Ill also comment that we did see some client losses in 2017 that had an impact on our results and well still see a little flow-through that in the first quarter. But as I've always said, if we keep the back door close on our existing great client base then I'm even more comfortable with the numbers that were showing you or forecasting for 2018.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. And then, Frank maybe or Michael, just to clarify on the commentary about the new accounting standards, just want to make sure we understand it correctly. On the 2% to 3% organic revenue growth guide for 2018, is that sort of an apples-to-apples number of how you would have previously looked at organic growth or just trying to put a perspective on that?
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes. I mean, thats one of the reasons we adopted the accounting method that were doing. We think that gives greater clarity in terms of the forecast for the number. So in overall terms it certainly gives you the perspective of what we expect our growth to be.
Michael Roth: And the 20 basis points of margin improvement, Alexia, are off the print today.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay. Thank you very much.
Frank Mergenthaler: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
John Janedis: Hi. Good morning. Maybe sticking with the margin, Frank, the margin leverage outlook, I think its pretty good given the organic growth range, I think it implies something like 20% or greater or so. Can you talk about the sources of the leverage for the year and along those lines I think based on one of the slides the occupied square footage per employee is off about 25% since 2010, so is there still more of an opportunity to reduce the footprint?
Frank Mergenthaler: On the margin for 2018, John, its based on our bottoms up budgeting that we started in November, so it was client by client, office by office, agency by agency. So we would expect to see with the 2% or 3% growth leverage on our -- across our entire spends portfolio, but SRS is still critical. On the occupancy side, I think weve made huge progress over the past 10 years. Weve got a centralized team here at IPG. They are doing a terrific job in managing occupancy inflation around the globe and weve leveraged our scale in core market by consolidating multi-agencies into one office, so we can leverage our scale. So is there opportunity sure, but it gets harder as you see inflation creep into lot of major market.
Michael Roth: And we did see in the past couple years we did have some major moves, R/GA for example, and frankly Deutsche moved into some other agencies. So we did see some large movements. But I do think as Frank said, when we look at our footprint on a global basis we look to utilize all of our excess space and move into either existing space or double up whenever possible.
John Janedis: Okay. And maybe Im getting myself [ph] here, Michael, but can you talk about your expectations for the U.K. and continental Europe, because I think -- I mean, given the relatively small but I think it's been more than a decade, since organic growth in say, Europe has perform largely in line or better than the U.K. So is that something you expect to repeat again this year?
Frank Mergenthaler: Well, Ill tell you, when you come back from Davos, it was the first time that I left Davos where uniformly the tone was positive for Continental Europe and all other regions in the world. And frankly that's what we're seeing. Were seeing a return if you will to some growth in Continental Europe and in the U.K. which is very encouraging. And again it is client specific and new business wins. We did cycle through however a client loss at  of Seat in MullenLowe which adversely affected Continental Europe. But when you see in the three months in the quarter 7.9% organic growth or 6.6% and 3.4% net of pass-throughs for the full year, that's pretty exciting for us, and the tone still seems positive. But again, because of our size, remember if you look at the size of our portfolio in Continental Europe and the U.K. its 9% of each. So it could really be adversely affected or positively affected by changes in specific clients and I think were seeing that. So hopefully we keep the back door closed in Continental Europe. We win more than we lose in new pitches and Im encouraged to see those results. But youre right; its nice to see that. Frankly its nice to see growth in all the regions other than Asia Pac. We did have some client losses in China and Singapore that negatively affected us, but I'm encouraged by the positive results in India.
John Janedis: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Dan Salmon: Good morning everyone. Michael, back in 2015 when we had the big surge of media reviews, IPG agencies performed very well. Could you maybe just compare and contrast a little bit that period versus what you're looking out at this year with another uptick in reviews seemingly underway? And then related it looks like you're in a pretty good position here relative to some peers in terms of incumbent clients looking at reviews and thus would have some good opportunity. If you're willing perhaps could you shed a little light on where you may be conflicted out with some of them because of those good relationships with your current client? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Look, obviously the Mediapalooza days and we said consistently in all of our calls, the media environment is one that we see the most action in, in terms of whether it would be  its coming on three years since we had the Mediapalooza and lot of those contracts theyre up for review. And so thats cycling in there as well. But obviously were starting the year with a number of large reviews. And as you pointed out, those fortunately are not defending, so those are opportunities for us. And weve invested a lot of money in our media brand offerings. I think the results for 2017 are indicative. Im very happy to see initiative picking up too global wins. Obviously UM continues to perform well with the existing clients. So I think were really well-positioned in terms of the  if there was another Mediapalooza if you want to call it that. And right now I see that is opportunities for us. Theres always complex for us particularly on the auto there are complex that are out there. And sometime some of the healthcare, but we dont see  we see a pretty clear opportunity for us in terms of existing pitches that are out there that we hope to be able to participate it.
Dan Salmon: And then maybe just one quick follow-up, you mentioned how you highlighted in previous quarters, how youd had some delays in projects at Huge and R/GA. It looks like youre also sounding strength there. I just want to be clear, that those projects largely end up coming through? Are you looking it seeing them coming through in 2018 or is it a broader strength in the business or combination of that?
Michael Roth: Yes. I think its a combination. Remember, we do our budget based on the bottoms up, so whether it would be R/GA, whether it would huge or MRM or any of these agencies that come in, we look at identified opportunities, existing clients, and youre right, I mean we still are in project based environment, but I couldnt say yes, these projects are now online and therefore thats what contributing to growth. Candidly the growth is not coming from that. Its coming from new business opportunities. And one of the problems had to be with large clients, these large projects if you recall. And what Im seeing and I think the whole industry is seeing is that you lose one big project; it takes a number of projects to replace it. And so the good news is that our teams are identifying opportunities that would give rise in total to replace those projects. But its not that all of a sudden there was $60 million project that was on the shelf and then all of a sudden they pull the trigger and its back. So, and thats part of the reason we cite some caution in our numbers for 2018, because this is a lot of work that goes into developing these projects and making sure they come fruition. So I would say if any area of caution is out there thats the environment that we have some caution on.
Dan Salmon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. The couple for Frank on 606 and then I had follow-up for Michael. Frank, just I understand, I think you said that the timing  I think its timing impact of 606 on when revenue is recognize will reduce OI in 2017 by 3% to 4%, I just want to make sure I heard that right, because there was lot of stuff in there?
Frank Mergenthaler: Correct. Because the way that current accounting works, Ben, it's very prescriptive on when you recognize incentive bonuses. So you need to hit certain milestone, certain documentation. So, what we saw was if you had an annual bonus that usually slip into the first quarter of the following year the new rule you need to use more judgment, you need to do estimate to complete and estimate performance, so you should see incentive bonuses recognize more ratable over the year. So, when you look at kind of 18 bonuses that would slip back in the 2017, 2017 that would slip back in 2016, 2016 was a much stronger year remember with 5% growth, so we have healthy bonuses in Q1 of 2017 that better going to get push back. So net effect of that is about 3% to 4% of operating income moving to 2016, but the point to remember is our 2018 operation income target are based upon the 2017 print. So those targets are set based upon 20 basis points of a number we just printed. So the restatement number does not impact my 2018 targets.
Ben Swinburne: Yes, that makes sense. And then, IPG compared to its peers is tended to have a lot more seasonality. I think either maybe quarterly volatility on the topline you know your Q4 is a lot greater than your Q1 every year for example, does 606 sort of smooth that out more and the quarters will look a little more consistent in size versus you only think about you guys versus your peer group or am I over extrapolating it?
Frank Mergenthaler: A little bit, but not materially.
Ben Swinburne: Okay, got it.
Michael Roth: I kind of insulted in [Indiscernible] accounting question of  but thats okay. What it wont do is it will do away with this pass-through stuff that we always have to explain. So that part of it is encouraging. And remember, a good portion of our Mediabusiness is paid for performance. So thats what you are seeing in terms of the shifts from year-to-year. You had the other questions, there.
Ben Swinburne: Yes, Mike and this was for you and it involves taxes. So, you talked about a better tone and maybe you did hit this, but Im wondering if part of that improved tone had to do with the accounting as the tax reform in the U.S. and that leading to greater investment among your clients who are now seeing always have more money to spend, is that making its way into marketing.
Michael Roth: Yes, I wish I could tell you that when companies see the big savings in taxes, on the top of the list is lets spend more money on marketing dollars, okay. It doesnt seem to be there, all I will tell you I did have one conversation with the pretty big client who did indicate to me that its nice to have the tax benefit of cash taxes to help their increase spend. I wouldnt exactly convert that into a major decision for all of our clients. Because, remember we always said that our clients didnt lack capital to invest in marketing dollars, they were more interested in the P&L effect, right. And thats where a lot of these cut backs came through, particularly in the CPG clients and you know where [Indiscernible] activists and so on. But I dont  anecdotally I think they are certainly more comfortable with the cash positions that they are in, but again, I think we are still going to have to prove the return on investment that you get by increasing your marketing dollars. As business becomes a little stronger, I think companies will be more aggressive in terms of gaining market share and markets and there you have to spend on marketing dollars to do that. So I think thats the way its going to flow through, I dont think its just saying heres a chunk of cash and were going to put it into marketing dollars. But were certainly got a lot of projects out there that when they are ready to spend we can prove that what we do works and thats what our people are doing. We are putting forth very good ideas that are accountable and move the needle. And in this environment when the global economy is in a growth mode you want to continue to invest in your brands and thats what we do.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you both.
Michael Roth: Youre welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Peter Stabler: Good morning, a couple of clarifying questions from me thanks. Sorry -- if this one again. Going back to the organic growth guidance, the two to three so should we be saying about that as a gross organic growth inclusive of pass-throughs.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, its net and as we mentioned earlier next year well be expanding our P&L to show net organic growth, net organic margin and that will be the focal point of our discussion on future call. So to what Michael mentioned earlier, well eliminate all the noise around pass-throughs.
Peter Stabler: Okay, got it thanks, Frank. And then secondly, Michael you talked about account wins and losses a bit, wondering if you can take a swing at estimating whether this is kind of a net headwind, net tailwind whether youll be willing to size that going into 2018 and then finally any thoughts on CMG outlook for 2018, 2017 was a little tough for this segment wondering if you are expecting improvement in 2018? Thank you.
Michael Roth: Yes, let me first of all the  we were net new business positive for 2017, so we had a bit of a tailwind going into 2018, order of magnitude maybe 20 to 30 basis points, but probably close to the 20 basis points, but it is a tailwind. But I did indicate that the first quarter were still going to be cycling through some of those losses, so well see the positive result of that after the first quarter and the next quarter was....
Peter Stabler: CMG.
Michael Roth: Yes, look we  obviously it was a tougher year for us particularly in the PR side of the business. When we do our bottoms up, of course we have some growth in those businesses. Remember the PR business is that  so much of it is project based, every year you start the year saying you know what  where do we see it and how do we get it and other than last year Weber and Golin were able to actually exceed the numbers that we had put out there. So, we believe the PR business will return to growth. Its built into the number that we gave you in terms of the 2% to 3% and frankly we are starting off with some positive news. So Im cautious about it, whenever you are dealing with project based businesses such as the PR side of the business you never know where these clients are going to be spending their money, but its built into the 2% to 3%.
Peter Stabler: Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question comes from David Joyce with Evercore. Your line is now open.
David Joyce: Thank you. And thinking about the ad agency Holdco capabilities versus what the internet platforms are doing on the advertising side, there is some perception that there is an either/or in terms of the winners. But could you please update us on what you are able to do for your clients versus what the internet companies are doing and like the companies who are going straight to internet, just how things were revolving these days? Thank you.
Michael Roth: Yes, I think thats a fair question. I mean, I believe one of the issues for 2017 was the question of disintermediation and whether those dollars as you pointed out ago and directly. I have to tell you that our relationship for example with Google and Facebook is probably better now than its been historically because I think its become fairly clear that working together ends up with a better result for our clients. And certainly when you see all these issues with respect to safety and transparency, our clients like to see an agnostic perspective of where these dollars go. So, it adds to our value added to our clients to provide that type of perspective. But we are seeing more and more of Facebook and Google being embedded with our people and working on joint projects we see at Amazon obviously is coming into the fold in terms of being a very important player in that world. And I think it adds to the argument that we bring to the table. One is we have great contracts in negotiating ability given our scale and our capabilities and we also provide a truly agnostic view in terms of where that money goes. So I would say the environment for that is actually more positive than negative.
David Joyce: Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Okay, well thank you very much. Obviously we are pleased with the results and we look forward to reporting on our first quarter and see how close we came. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The Interpublic Group Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our results for the third quarter and first nine months of 2017. I'll start out by covering highlights of our performance, and Frank will then provide additional detail, and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies and the tone of business to be followed by our Q&A. Our organic growth in the third quarter was 50 basis points and was 1.5% excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenues. For the first nine-months of the year, organic revenue growth was 1.1% and was 1.6%, excluding the impact of lower pass-throughs. As a reminder, our pass-through revenues are offset dollar-for-dollar in expenses. As a result, increases and decreases of pass-through revenues do not change our operating profit. Operating profit in the quarter grew to $219 million, up 5.3%, which reflects strong Q3 operating margin expansion of 70 basis points to 11.5%. Third quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.37 and was $0.31 as adjusted for below the line items. We continue to see positive growth momentum in the quarter, from a number of key disciplines and agencies; notably, our media operations, where we had continued strong growth in both the U.S. and our international markets from existing clients as well as new business wins. Our creatively driven advertising business had solid U.S. growth in both our larger networks and our domestic independence. This performance, combined with strong new business trends lead us to conclude that the revenue slowdown we are experiencing is not secular. In terms of our agencies, we were led in Q3 by increases at Mediabrands as well as FCB, Deutsch and Hill Holliday. Among client sectors, healthcare continued its strong trend in Q3 and we also continue to see notable growth in the auto and transportation and government sectors. These increases, however, were largely offset in the quarter by continued softness in the client sectors we had called out earlier this year. Consistent with our second quarter, we saw significant reductions in client spend in the CPG sector and continued weakness in tech and telecom and in financial services, due largely to cycling through prior year client loses. On our second quarter conference call, we called attention to the issue we had begun to the see in the project-driven part of our business. During the third quarter, several of our largest clients continue to differ or cancel project spending, which particularly weighed on the growth of our digital and marketing services disciplines. This was true even as some projects that had been pushed back earlier in part of the year came on stream during the third quarter. The net of this, however, was a negative to some units that have been among our higher growth disciplines in recent years. These same agencies and disciplines generated strong new business wins in the quarter, which should translate to growth as we look forward. On the project front, R/GA won significant new digital assignments during Q3, as did Weber Shandwick in public relations. The pipeline for project assignments remained active. And we know that our offerings are highly competitive. Another question that we are being asked relate to the fundamentals of our business model, it has to do with new entrants into the sector. Despite a great deal of press coverage, announcing their consultants are making inroads into our business, we do not see them in any material way in new business. And when we do, we've been very - quite well on these opportunities. A notable example was the recent McDonald's U.S. digital pitch, won by Huge against a range of agency and consultant competitors. Turning to our regional performance, third quarter U.S. organic growth was 1.3% and importantly was 2% excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenues. In light of current macro industry environment, that's an encouraging data point. We see it as an indicator that the business is fundamentally sound in our largest geographic market. Organic growth of our international markets decreased 70 basis points compared to a very strong 8% a year ago. Excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenues, international organic revenue was up 70 basis points. We had organic increases in the UK, continental Europe and our other markets group, while Asia-Pac and LatAm decreased. During Q3, we used a $101 million to repurchase 4.7 million shares. Over the trailing 12 months, we utilized approximately $326 million with share repurchases. As of quarter end, we have $240 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. Since instituting our return of capital programs in 2011, we've returned $3.5 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases as well as reduced our diluted share count by 29%. Turning to our outlook, we continue to be confident of our company's long-term position in the marketplace. Our talent and our agency brands are strong and highly competitive. That said, slower growth through nine months combined with the challenging comp in Q4, require us to adjust our view for the short-term. Our revised financial targets for the full-year, our significant margin expansion of 40 basis points compared to a year-ago with 1% to 2% organic growth for the full-year. We will, of course, try to do better, but we feel these are appropriate goals as we head into the always important fourth quarter. Following our industry-leading growth of the last several years, we are focused on executing in effective program to bring expenses fully into line with this year's revenue reality, so as to drive margin. In those areas of the business, where our growth has slowed to leverage our headcount, temporary labor, and short-term discretionary expenses such as travel. As reflected in the quarter, we also have in place a pay-for-performance incentive model in which revenue growth against the target set at the beginning of the year, is one of the principal performance metrics, in addition to margin expansion. Looking a bit further ahead, as clients return to a growth agenda, which is their only path to sustain value creation, we expect to see improvement in our organic revenue performance. Our pipeline of new business opportunities remain strong overall. In addition to pitching and winning new business, we are aggressively core selling services and continuing to deliver on the open architecture, integrated opportunities that have historically been a significant contributor to our growth. At this stage, I'll turn things over to Frank for additional details on our results, and join you after his remarks for an update on key trends in the business and our operating units to be followed by our Q&A.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael. Good morning. As a reminder, I'll be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, you'll see an overview of results, a number of which Michael touched upon. Organic growth was 50 basis points in the quarter and was 1.1% for the first nine months. While, our top line slowdown puts pressure on overall profitability, we nonetheless drove higher Q3 margin and operating profit. Operating profit was $219 million compared to $208 million, an increase of 5.3% with operating margin of 11.5%, an increase of 70 basis points. For the first nine months, operating profit was $445 million, which is flat with a year-ago. And our margin was also equal to the nine months of 2016. Third quarter diluted EPS was $0.37, and was $0.31 as adjusted for: one, the disposition expensive to small non-strategic agency; and two, a sizable benefit for tax credits in the quarter. That is comparable to 32% reported and 31% as adjusted a year-ago. For nine-months, the adjusted comparison to $0.63 this year compared with $0.66 a year ago due to higher adjusted tax rate so far this year. Q3 average fully diluted share is decreased 2.6% from last year due to our share repurchase program. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Slide 4 has a more detail on revenue growth. Revenue was $1.9 billion in the quarter, a decrease of 1% compared to Q3 2016. The impact of the change in currency exchange rates was a positive 40 basis points. The impact of net dispositions was 1.9%. Resulting organic revenue increase was 50 basis points. Again organic growth was a full point higher, 1.5%, when excluding the $90 million decrease in our pass-through revenues, which occurred mainly in our events business in the UK and the U.S. To remind you pass-throughs are mainly in our event businesses. They are recorded when we used third-party to support the delivery of services, and we are the principal on the third-party contract as opposed to an agent. We paid a third-party that's our expense, we collect from our client that's our revenue. Events business a big discrete projects and as we have said many times, we can add some volatility to organic growth. This is especially true when our revenue is divide into annual quarters and regions. We tell you about it when they make a material difference to this critical metric either up or down. We've called it out a year-ago in Q3 2016 when pass-throughs added 90 basis points to growth at that time. Just to reiterate, all of this has nothing to do with our media business. We run a pure agency media model, with no owned media inventory. As you can see on the bottom half of the slide, the organic increase in the quarter was 2% our integrated agency networks. This was led by notably strong performance at Mediabrands and FCB. At our CMG segment, the organic change was a negative 5% in Q3. Excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenue, the change was not as steep at 1.7%, it's still reflect to the challenge we've seen this year on our project-based businesses. Moving onto Slide 5 revenue by region. In the U.S., Q3 organic growth was 1.3% and was 2% excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenue. We had very good performance from Mediabrands as well as FCB, Deutsch, Hill Holliday and Octagon. In the UK, organic growth was 3% and again growth were significantly stronger 8.1%, excluding lower pass-through revenue due to one-time event a year-ago that did not repeat. We had solid growth across most major disciplines led by McCann and Mediabrands. In Continental Europe, our organic revenue change was 40 basis points on top of 8.3% growth in Q3 2016. We continue to see mixed performance in our largest markets with growth in Germany and Italy, and decreases in France and Spain. In Asia Pacific, our organic decrease in Q3 was 2.1% among our largest markets, solid growth in Australia were R/GA continue to be a standout was more than offset by decreases in China, India and Japan. In LatAm, our organic - our Q3 organic decrease was 9.9% against 18% growth a year-ago, which included the 2016 Olympics. The decrease was due to macro weakness in Brazil, the region's largest market. We continue to see very strong growth in Mexico, Argentina, Chile and Colombia. And our other markets group, organic growth was 3.4%, which was due to growth in Canada and South Africa. Moving onto Slide 6, we chart the longer view of organic revenue change on a trailing 12 month basis. Most recent data point is 2.3%. On Slide 7, we turn to operating expenses. In the quarter, our total operating expenses decreased by 1.8% from a year-ago and our reported revenue decrease of 1%. Our ratio of total salaries and related expenses to revenue was 64.5% compared to a year-ago, we deleverage on our expense for base payroll, benefits and tax, due to decelerating revenue growth. And also due to decrease in pass-through revenues, which are offset in our O&G expense. Going the other way, however, we had strong leverage on our expense for incentives. Total headcount at quarter end was approximately 50,400, which is flat from a year-ago. In our office and general expenses, our ratio of total O&G revenue was 24%, an improvement of 130 basis points from a year-ago, result of lower pass-through expenses. Slide 8, depicts our operating margin history on a trailing 12 month basis. Most recent data point is 12.1%. Slide 9 is provided for the clarity of our year-over-year earnings per share comparison. This is the adjustment from diluted earnings per share of $0.37 as reported in the quarter to $0.31 per share as adjusted. As you can see, our pre-tax results include a below-the-line loss of $8.7 million related to the sale of small non-strategic agencies with a small tax benefit against the loss, which is shown here. The net impact was a loss of $0.02 per diluted share. Moving to the right side on the slide, our tax provision reflects the benefit of significant federal tax credits in the quarter $31 million or $0.08 per share. For the nine-months, we are adjusting similarly, from $0.66 as reported to an adjusted $0.63 per share. Slide 10 is our cash flow for the nine months. Cash used in operations was $139 million, compared with $27 million a year ago. You'd recall that our cash flow is high seasonal. We typically use cash in operations over the first nine months of the year followed by sizeable cash inflow in our fourth quarter. While our working capital results can be volatile from year to year, note that before working capital changes, cash from operations generated $474 million in this year compared with a similar level $465 million last year. Vesting activities used $141 million over the first nine months, mainly in CapEx. Our financing activities used $113 million, chiefly for share repurchase of common stock and our dividend, partially offset by an increase in our short-term borrowings. Our net decrease in cash for the period was $392 million compared with $611 million a year ago. Moving on to Slide 11, the current portion of our balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with $705 million in cash, compared with $892 million a year ago. Comparisons to December 31 reflects that our cash level is seasonal and tends to peak at year-end. Under our current liabilities, the current portion of long-term debt is our $300 million 2.25% notes maturing next month. We continue to be opportunistic and we use either commercial paper or tap the capital markets to refinance that maturity. On Slide 12, you will see $400 million increase year-to-year in short-term debt. This increase is primarily attributed to funding our seasonal working capital needs. And we expect that our debt levels at year-end will be in line with 2016. In summary on Slide 13, we are confident that the quality of our talent, along with our focused investment and cost disciplines, mean that we are well positioned for continued value creation and our balance sheet remains an important source of strength. With that, let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. Our results in the quarter reflect the broader trends that we're seeing across the industry. As mentioned in my earlier remarks, there were number of discrete items that are negatively impacting our performance. Last quarter, we called out the impact of macro uncertainty and political gridlock both domestic and international. These continue to contribute to client caution. Like our peers, we also have some clients who are having to adopt to disruptive technologies and business models, and others who are responding to the wave of activists shareholders and private equity. The first line of defense in such situations is always to address costs, but the focus will ultimately have to return to growing the top-line, which is where our capabilities and expertise had significant value. Our people remain among the best in their respected disciplines. We have some of the industry's most respected agency brands, whether in media, advertising, public relations, healthcare, experiential, sports or other marketing services. And as you know, we long ago embedded digital expertise into every one of our agencies, which is what has made our offering so relevant and successful in recent years. We're also proud of our long-standing commitment to promoting diversity and individuality. That's always been front incentive for us. In an idea-driven business, it will remain absolutely vital to our success going forward. We can all see in the news these days, the degree to which getting the cultural right and respecting diversity and inclusivity are areas in which many creative companies still have very long way to go. Engaging the tone of business for the balance of the year, it's fair to say that although performance with our existing client-base has been negatively impacted due to the factors I just enumerated. We do continue to see a strong flow of new business opportunities. In terms of margins, the quarter demonstrated that we have the discipline and the tools to enhance profitability, even in a challenged top-line environment. We've proven this in the past and we enter the fourth quarter fully focused on protecting and enhancing margin. Highlights in the quarter were led by Mediabrands, which once again posted a very strong quarter. UM won the highly competitive Spotify account, a very progressive marketer that will allow us to do some exciting digital and data-driven work globally. Initiatives new positioning, which like UM, draws heavily on a very strong assets and capabilities in data and combines them with deep cultural insights, resulted in the global win of the Carlsberg business. As I mentioned previously, the range of digital capabilities at Mediabrands, notably Cadreon and Reprise are best in class. And with new business activity in the media space continuing at a high-level, we always want to call attention to our commitment to transparency and the fact that we don't take inventory positions in media. Practices which fully align our interest with those of our clients. McCann's performance in New York and a number of international markets was also strong. The agency put in place new leaders in China, where it has strong operations across all of its disciplines. New regional leadership was also named in North America and senior women executives were elevated to lead strategic planning globally for Worldgroup and to the presidency of McCann New York. New business highlights included HomeGoods in New York and Bombardier in Canada. FCB had a solid quarter with a range of wins across the world, including Uber in Brazil, BMW in Canada, GSK and Tata Docomo in India, and Huawei in the UK. In Chicago, the acquisition of global design comp agency, Chute Gerdeman, is a strong addition to FCB/RED, the agency's outstanding retail marketing division. FCB Health also continue to win business and awards, reflecting its standing as an industry leader in healthcare marketing. MullenLowe concluded the Salt and 101 acquisitions, which rounds out the agency's hyper bundle offering in the important UK market, where it recently added the national trust and Eurosport Digital accounts. The agency's Mediahub unit is performing well and won staples and pods during the quarter. In addition, the review that was among the industry's most competitive with over 100 agencies participating was Whole Foods, in which MullenLowe was announced as a creative agency of record earlier this month. As mentioned in my opening remarks, the current environment is taking its greater toll on CPG clients and project-based businesses, especially those in marketing services and to a lesser extent on digital specialist agencies. Here, we have some of the industry's most recognized and awarded agencies like R/GA, Weber Shandwick, Huge and Golin. We know that our offerings in these areas are exceptional. R/GA consistently sets the vision standard for digital market, and there are few agencies that can deliver in the UX and e-commerce space like Huge. Weber Shandwick is the most awarded PR firm up over the past five years. And Golin has created new ways of working that are at the forefront of client-centric models. Despite the proven excellence, however, the current environment has led to attrition in projects at these businesses and others like them. We are encouraged that our digital and PR agencies posted wins in the third quarter. And the fourth quarter is traditionally one of which a great deal of project spending takes place, but due to client caution we have yet to see return to normal activity. So we are monitoring the space closely. There is little doubt at the evolution of marketing is impacting the kinds of capabilities and service solutions that are required of us by our clients. Consumers have more power than ever before to dictate how and when they will engage with brands and their messages. The explosion of media channels and marketing technology adds another dimension of complexity. And accountability is more important than ever. In both regards, we are well positioned and we are constantly developing our service offerings. First and foremost, there is our open architecture approach, which is totally customizable and client centric. We access the marketing challenge and determine, and bring to bear the best resources from across the portfolio. That can mean CRM and analytic skills to plot the consumer journey, or insights tools to understand their mindset and craft the most effective creative execution. It could also mean our media expertise to segment and identify the right audiences as well as target the delivery at the right messages at the right times, our experiential teams that activate the campaign on the ground and specialty players in healthcare if the key audiences or influencers are in the medical or pharma space. The list goes on, but the point is that we have the uniquely broad range of talent and know-how. When we bring in together in a seamless fashion with the focus that's entirely are the needs of their clients and their consumers, it's a difficult offering to match or to beat. As you've heard in recent calls, we are also investing behind the scale data stack that builds on our strong capabilities at Mediabrands and will inform the full range of marketing disciplines all across into public, from strategic planning on the creative side of the business, through the delivery of highly targeted and relevant messages across all media channels. The ultimate goal is to shed light on the value that we deliver and perhaps open the door to new opportunities in terms of pay-for-performance. Despite the current revenue environment and the need to manage cost and deliver margin enhancement, our investments in open architecture and data are key strategic priorities, to which we will remain committed. Going forward, our targets for the full year and improved profitability relative to 2016 levels by 40 basis points, with 1% to 2% organic revenue growth. Combined with the strength of our balance sheet and our proven commitment to capital returns, this will allow us to enhance shareholder value. As always, we thank you for your time and support. And with that, I'll open it up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Alexia Quadrani of JP Morgan. Ma'am, you may begin.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much, Michael. Thank you for all the data you provided about the weakness we're seeing in the quarter. I guess, I'd just like to push a bit more on that point. If you look at the weakness, I think you highlighted the change in the digital, maybe in the marketing services. Is it really isolated to maybe the consumer packaged goods sector, where you're seeing a bit more of a pull back or is it a broader base across many verticals? And really, if you look at sort of the growth we're seeing today versus maybe a year ago, you enjoyed stronger growth. I guess, anything else, any other delta you're seeing, any other change you're seeing that we might want to be aware of?
Michael Roth: Yeah, that's a fair question. Obviously, look, we're not happy with the results, but I do think we - we spent a lot of time analyzing what's going on with respect to our specific clients. The reason why I don't think it's secular, first, let's look at the areas that you raise, consumer goods. Obviously, our entire industry is seeing some pullbacks there. And as I indicated, the threats in the consumer goods in terms of profit margins for our clients are real. But I think the clients have recognized, they had stated that their object here is to consolidate agencies and be more efficient. And in that case, we're very well positioned with respect to our clients in the consumer goods side. And we believe we will end up on the plus side of that consolidation with respect to our major clients. And again, consumer goods is about 8% of our sectors. But that said, they're big clients and they presented good opportunities for us in the future. What's interesting in the consumer goods side, frankly, we saw a positive in the U.S. on consumer goods as a result of particularly FCB winning a particular client. So that's encouraging for us, although overall consumer goods was down. The other area, which is not too dissimilar, is parts of food and beverage. And we saw a negative impact in that. And candidly, a good reason for the decline in the food and beverage reflect some client losses that we had in that sector. So that is weighing on us in terms of particular segment. On the positive side, when you look at our strength in healthcare, healthcare is 22% of our business. Once again, we saw a very strong performance in healthcare, across McCann, FCB, our key healthcare global agencies and we've seen positive opportunities. I might add that we also want some additional business from these clients. So healthcare continues a strong sector for us. Other actually is a strong sector for us, it was quarter as well, which - particularly government side and some unique companies and some technology side. One that historically has been very strong for us was tech and telecom. And in this quarter, we saw a reduction in tech and telecom. But a good part of that is the impact of pass-throughs. Last year, we had two very big events in tech and telecom which didn't repeat. So that had a negative impact on tech and telecom. And frankly, the other reason that some of our sectors are down, is we are cycling through some large clients in the United States. Now, the good news is we continue to be net new business, slightly positive, let's call it equal for the full year. But we still have to cycle through a number of larger clients, particularly in the U.S., although SEAT was in Europe that is hurting our organic growth. So I know - we have new business coming on stream, which offsets the cycling through of these losses. And I don't get to do this, but I'll say it anyhow. Had we not had those losses our organic growth would be on the top of the scale if you will in terms of organic growth. So that's another reason, I'd like to say, why I think the tone of the business is not reflected in the results that we're seeing today. There is a lot of new business activity. We see that. There aren't a lot of big agency of record pitches that are out there. But certainly on the media side, we're seeing a number of pitches and we're faring well in those and hope to add some new ones, wins to announce shortly. So I hope that gives you a sense of what's happening out there.
Alexia Quadrani: Yeah, now that's very helpful. And just to be sure, I'd say on the digital side, where you said there is a little bit of weakness, that - you're not seeing some of that business go in-house. You're just sort of saying a pullback in terms of
Michael Roth: Well, look, there is no question that there is a tendency to some clients to bring digital in-house. But the reality is what we're talking about are large projects. We said this in the last call. Our digital businesses have become so embedded into the clients' businesses they're very large projects. And as we know like any project business, when those businesses are challenged from a P&L point of view, the easiest place for them to cut on the cost side is to cut those projects, so in particular on the digital side of these large projects. And frankly, I know you're being kind on asking why we didn't do this in the second quarter. We had these projects on the shelf and, frankly, we thought they would be coming to fruition within the third or fourth quarter. And clients are yet to be able to - or indicated that they will be pulling the trigger on those projects. So therefore it was appropriate for us to change our outlook and a lot of that has to do with these large scale projects both in the digital side of our business and in our PR side of the business, which as you know are very much project oriented. So that's why I believe going forward there is no question that the value-added of these agencies are real and clients will need to frankly implement a lot of these projects at their environment gets competitive.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. And just a quick follow-up if I may, just about the longer-term outlook. Do you think - I mean, I believe you're about to go - I'm sure will in November, December, kind of the budgeting process where you get a better sense of the outlook for 2018, so I'm sure, it's a bit too early to comment on what you'll see then. But do you think, there is any reason to assume the visibility will change in the sense with these sort of more short-term in terms of knowing how 2018 is going to come? Or do you feel when you go through the process you should have a decent sense like you do every year?
Michael Roth: You're always asking those questions, Alexia. They're the right questions. It's too soon for us to comment on 2018. Obviously, where we will focus on in our businesses is what the visibility and likelihood of the project. We can forecast agency of record type businesses. We know what's in the contract, we know what the Xs are, we know what the deliverables are, and obviously, we do a bottoms-up analysis of it. And we'll have to overly our best guess on what happens to these projects. And the good news is - these are not insignificant projects. They're necessary for our clients. They're key to the deliverables that we deliver with respect to the targeted growth of our clients. So I believe, they will come on stream, the difficulty we're doing this quarter-to-quarter, as I've always said is clients don't pay attention to our quarters. And we will do whatever we can to help them see the light in terms of the value of these projects. But it's too soon for us to say, how that's going to shake out in 2018.
Alexia Quadrani: All right. Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Janedis of Jefferies. Your line is open.
John Janedis: Hi, thank you. Michael, maybe two questions. One is just on APAC, it's been a little bit challenge in this year, when you think about the region, say, India and China, in particular, has your longer term outlook there changed? I know, you have a lot of multinational clients, but local players shift in money to local agencies and then separately, I guess, it seems like a bit of an unusual year from a project perspective. We tend not to hear much about it until the fourth quarter. So I was wondering, is there any read-through from project business from, say, the prior three quarters and the fourth quarter?
Michael Roth: Yeah, look, I think, there's no question that China, a lot of the expectations for growth in China were overblown. And I think, what we're seeing in China is coming back to a more normal expectation for growth in China. That said, there's growth in China. We were negative in China in the quarter, I think, those were - I know, those were more client specific than the industry, and you're correct. Local businesses have had an impact on the pullback in that. Our multinationals in China will continue to spend in China, but local businesses is something that we have to focus on and there those are very much project oriented. The good news is in Australia, we saw a very strong impact in the third quarter, particularly at R/GA, which is again one of those digital type project based businesses, where we see - when we win them and the clients pull the trigger, it has a very positive impact on our business. And I think that's what we are going to be seeing. Also we saw a strong - we saw strength in Singapore last quarter, and this quarter. We have been seeing such strength and remember our comps were much - a little more difficult from last year. But the tone in China is more realistic than the high growth. And I think, you're right to focus on local, which why we've added, for example, McCann, we've added a lot of new talent in China too and the same in FCB to focus on local markets.
John Janedis: Anything on India, and also on the project side?
Michael Roth: Yeah, India - historically, India has been one of our stronger market, I think, you have to look at India as being very client specific. Again, it's not that large and but it's one of our stronger markets. And in particular, we were cycling and had some negative impact on clients in India, I don't think it's an overall industry or economic issue, it's very client specific to us. Frankly, we lost a client in India, and we're seeing the impact of that.
John Janedis: Anymore color on the project side, Michael? I just back to my question before, it feels like we tend not to hear much about projects in 2Q and 3Q. And then so, is there any kind of read on a go-forward basis into 4Q, meaning is it more confidence that - I know, you talked about, but some of them projects in 3Q actually gets done in 4Q or any kind of read for us to think about?
Michael Roth: Well, yeah. Again - the reason, we adjusted our numbers is because it's hard to predict when these projects are going to be going online and when clients are going to pull the trigger. And we all of a sudden, didn't get much smarter now than we were before on projects, clients surprise us. When we put out our forecast in the second quarter, we had these projects ready to go, and that's why we put out the numbers that we did and clients just pullback. So yes, you're right, fourth quarter is typically project-based businesses. But I think, what we're seeing in these large projects are all year-long, not just the fourth quarter, and we're dependent on the timing when clients are going to pull them on stream. The good news is, take for example R/GA. R/GA had a lot of new business wins in the third quarter, and they will flow through. Now whether they'll flow through in the fourth quarter or in the first quarter of next year, we're still mapping out. So I can't really ask you - answer that question. But the good news is, they're winning business, and the question of timing of that is something that a little more difficult now given the project environment that we're in.
John Janedis: All right. Thanks so much.
Michael Roth: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Peter Stabler of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Peter Stabler: Good morning. A couple, if I could. First with Michael. I want to spend a minute on the marketing services side, CMG is about 20% of your business. But when we look at the quarter, and we look back nine months, and then we look across the competitive set, it seems that fairly obvious at the marketing services part of the puzzle appears to be under kind of sustained pressure. So wondering if you could comment on whether you're seeing secular changes in the appetite for the services and whether portfolio changes might be something that you consider. And then, a follow-on on that would be the call out of pass-through, we understand it. Have you contemplated maybe changing the types of contracts that you strike? Is that something of interest to you, where you become maybe less exposed to some of the volatility associated with these pass-throughs? Or is that not material to you? And then, I've got one quick follow-up. Thanks.
Michael Roth: Okay. Let me talk about pass-throughs, because it's a very relevant question. It sounds like every time we say this, it sounds like we're being defensive about it. You're right, we've been in the process over the last - Frank and the CMG team have been looking at contract changes, and some of them - frankly, some of the differences as a result in changes the contract, okay. I have to point out, I know, they're looking at me, and they don't want to me say this, but I'll tell you. Next year, the accounting for these things are going to be different, okay, and in fact, next year under the new accounting rules, which we will be implementing, we will be showing it net, okay. Because, that's the way the rules dictate. So both - the answer is yes, we're constantly looking at our contract to change them to agency versus principal, and we've had some success with that. But more importantly, the accounting I believe, next year will more probably reflect the net revenue and the impact, which is, again, why - when I say that we added in the 2% in the U.S. after pass-throughs that's the true measure of our business. And 2% is more consistent with what we're seeing in the industry and what we were forecasting than the number that shows gross without adding back the impact of pass-throughs. So it's confusing. We apologize for doing it both ways, but next year, we won't be doing that. And you're right, we are focusing on contracts. With respect to CMG, look, Weber Shandwick, for the last, I don't know how many years have beaten the entire industry, and it's been a key driver for our organic growth. And as you know, this business is project-based business. And frankly, it was disappointing to see, particularly at Weber Shandwick, a drop-off in that project business. And all the reasons we were talking about project businesses before we're applying to Weber Shandwick. I'll let Frank add some details to that since CMG reports up to Frank.
Frank Mergenthaler: Peter, we don't see a secular change. There has been a common theme in both Weber Shandwick and Golin, where existing clients are just cautious on their spend. And I think that goes back to the comments, Michael made earlier. It is somewhat discretionary in the short-term, but what we do works. It's been a leading driver growth for us for the past five years. We've got the most awarded PR agencies in the industry. So we're just working our clients hard and try to provide value and we're confident that the growth will come back, when some of these cautious start to dissipate.
Michael Roth: Yeah, some of the government spending is, in fact, in Weber Shandwick as well. And that you've read about, particularly in the healthcare side, and that was - that's a perfect example of project-based businesses that are nice-sized businesses that for whatever reason, whether it be government pullback or the president or whatever you want to say ended up and putting it and taking it off the shelf and not triggering it. So we saw an impact of that particularly at Weber Shandwick.
Peter Stabler: So it sounds like PR was one of the primary drivers of weakness in CMG?
Michael Roth: Yes.
Peter Stabler: Okay. And then, one quick follow-up
Michael Roth: By the way, let me just add on the other side of that, Octagon had a very solid quarter, and they are not - although they're part of CMG, they are performing very well.
Peter Stabler: Great. One quick follow-up. Just on the AOR concept. Just wondering whether you think or whether you're seeing the appetite of clients to strike AOR-type relationships is changing in anyway. If the overall industry is going more project-related, are you seeing an increase in the number of clients who want to engage your agencies on shorter-term contracts? And is that impacting your ability to forecast the business at all? Thanks so much.
Michael Roth: Yeah. No, that's - I mean, that's - as usual that's a great question. There's no question that there are clients out there that are viewing the AOR relationship a little differently and tend to be more project-based business than historically. The other side of that coin, we continue to have particularly at McCann, very strong long-term relationships with large multinationals that require an AOR contract, because of the breadth of offerings within McCann servicing those clients on a global basis. So those clients, obviously, the AOR relationship is critical, and we see that continuing. There may be some pullback in spending here and there, but the relationship with those clients, they're 75-years old, and they continue to be very embedded into what the businesses are, but there are some projects within that, that affect us. What's interesting is we are seeing, and it's a good chance for me to talk about this open architecture, call it whatever you will, we use open architecture, because we feel that by bringing all the different resources within IPG and not restructuring the entire company is a much more efficient and better way for us to meet the needs of the clients as they look to us for more services that's the opportunity. I have to tell you, the last few pitches that we've received even when they start out as media RFPs, they're looking for open architecture solutions, where we can bring and put as a seat at the table, other resources within IPG to help those clients. That's where I think the opportunity is, with respect to what our business is looking at. This is when we can bring in media, the data analytics, the insights and then bring them to life with execution with strong creative opportunities, execution, experiential. This is the kind of stuff that when we're sitting in the room on these pitches, and you bring all these different resources. This is what clients are looking for, they don't have to do it on a piecemeal basis. And if we do a good job at it, we have tremendous opportunities here. And again, it also ties into your questions about whether consulting firms can do this. Consulting firms have yet to be able to be in a position of providing all those different resources that we put at that table, whether it be media, whether it be experiential, whether it be the creative. Let's not forget the value of our creative offerings. You have seen tremendous success at McCann, at FCB, at MullenLowe. All of these are very strong powerful creative offerings that clients still need. Where it's distributed and how you distribute it needs the resources of all the different businesses that we bring to the table, but you still need that creative offering to bring light to the relationship between the brands and the consumers. So I'm very bullish about our ability to bring those resources together. So if clients, yes, has some of them go to a project-based business, and we can compete head-to-head with anybody. But the overall relationship is one, that I think really adds value to our clients. And when we do it right, frankly, it compelling.
Peter Stabler: Thanks for the color, guys.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning, one for Michael, one for Frank. Michael, can you talk how we've beaten marketing services projects down a bit. So I just wanted to turn to the media business. Why do you think that business is, A, proven more resilient and can you give us any insight? You guys don't report media as a segment. What is the growth of that business look like this year versus last year? Are you seeing - some of the pressures you mentioned elsewhere in the business show up in some moderation, and any color you can give us on the outlook for media would be helpful. And then I have a cash flow question for Frank.
Michael Roth: Yeah, look, the media business continues to be our best performing business within our businesses. And it's not by accident, because all the confusions out there is - I use my favorite term, confusion - all the confusion that's out there in the marketplace needs an independent view of where clients should spend their money, whether it'd be in digital, whether it'd be TV, whether it'd be experiential. And the insights in data analytics that our media businesses bring to that table are incredible. I've sat in on a number of the pitches that we've been involved, and I just sit there and listen to the insights and the capabilities that we bring to some of the most sophisticated marketers in the world. And they're looking for that. And frankly, that's why we're seeing an uptick in media RFPs, because they realize that the only place that they can get those that type of insight and capability are from our types of businesses and our media businesses. And that's why I think we've invested significantly in the data analytics. As you know, we made a commitment in the beginning of the year to bring a good part of that data analytics into IPG, so it's available across all of our agencies, not just the media side. And that's working well. Cadreon and Reprise are doing tremendous in terms of digital growth and insights. And frankly, when we win these businesses, we win it because of the tools and resources that we bring to the table. So, yes, media is where all the action is happening right now and we bring in the insights, the digital capabilities on a regular basis and it's proven that we are best in class. And we beat a number of our competitors obviously in this arena, given the new business wins that we had on the media side. There is pressure if you will on the media side, with respect to pricing and that there is no question that there is some competitors out there that view getting into the media business as an opportunity to get into the other sides of the business. And therefore, they're willing to do what I call the irrational acts on some of the pricing. But the sophisticated clients that we have known that that's not a long-term solution in terms of how they handle their media business and we emphasize that. And so, media is a very strong course if you will for us driving our business.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. And, Frank, you commented a little bit on this in your prepared remarks, but just could you about the drivers of the working capital drag increase this year versus last year, how you're managing that. We saw the same, at least directional trend in Omnicom. They talked a bit about pressure around collections or execution on collections. But any comment you can give us to help us understand what has been a trend I think across the holding companies now for a kind of a year plus, which is sort of the working capital or cash conversion out of EBITDA would be interesting.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yeah, the working capital is volatile and it's driven by our media business spend. And normally, in a normal year, it's usually a use of cash for three quarters. And in the fourth quarter, we generate significant cash. In 2016, you had the Olympics in the third quarter, so lot of the fourth quarter media spend was pulled forward, so that resulted in significant cash generation. For this quarter, we're seeing the normal volatility. We expect our debt levels at the end of the year to be consistent with last year. So is there a change out there in payment terms? No, we're seeing pressure around it, but we manage it quite well. We got rigorous controls to ensure we're not going beyond what we believe are appropriate. We look at cash collection and cycles. I think we've been very efficient. We've got shared service centers around the globe that helps that conversion to be efficient. So we don't see any change in the business model. I think clients are getting more sophisticated around how they pay us. Media owners are getting more sophisticated. But again, we're managing through them.
Michael Roth: I do want to add. We've been talking about getting to investment grade. And we always said one of the reasons investment grade was important to us was to have a commercial paper program. So we have that up and running. It's a very effective way for us to handle the ups and downs in terms of cash requirements, given the volatility on a quarter-to-quarter basis. And the commercial paper program is doing very well and we expect to see that move forward as one of the tools we have to manage our cash flow. So I think we're very well positioned, both in terms of handling our maturities on the balance sheet, as well as handling the working capital ups and downs that Frank was talking to through all the different commercial paper programs and access to capital markets that we have.
Ben Swinburne: Okay. Thank you, both.
Michael Roth: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we have Dan Salmon of BMO. Your line is open.
Daniel Salmon: Hi, good morning, everyone. Michael, could I return to part of your prepared remarks where you spoke about the impact of new competition, particularly the IT services and consultants. And you noted that you continue to not see them in a material way in your new business activity, and then also followed it up to note that you won some new digital business head-to-head against a group of them. So, could you just clarify that a little bit more? Is it a matter of not seeing them in core creative and media assignments, and that you are seeing them in emerging digital services. And then I got a follow up on that.
Michael Roth: Yeah, look, the most logical place for them to grow as an add-on to what they're already there. Look, they're basically systems consolidators out there. And while they're there they bought digital expert - what they think are digital experts to help them. And frankly, sometimes they throw them in for nothing, because they want to make sure that they continue the relationship. So the digital part of it is where they have the best argument that they can add some CRM expertise and that's more where we see them. On the creative side, they made attempts to buy some creative agencies. Candidly, I think one of my competitors commented about some of the agencies that they bought. And I agree, I mean, the firepower that we have on the creative side of the business, and how it's embedded in what we do is going to be very difficult to unseat by these particular companies. That said, that's what we bring to the table when we compete with them. And we don't see a lot of them, but if we're going to see them, we see them more on the digital side than anywhere else. And frankly, we saw it in the case that I talked about. And, given the firepower that Huge brings to the table, both on the digital side, creative side, as well as other areas of insights that we bring, that we're comfortable in our ability to compete. R/GA I might add has also come up against them. And frankly, I think I mentioned this on the last call. There was one piece of business that we lost to one of them. And six months later, we got the business back, because they couldn't deliver. So, yeah, they're out there, they're trying and I understand it. And I've always said this. I think it's better for those firms to partner with us, than compete with us. I still am waiting for my phone call. But, look, I do believe that they have some expertise, they have some relationships with clients that are very strong. And if we were to work closely with them and bring in our firepower with theirs to meet the needs of their clients, it's a pretty compelling offering. But who knows what's going to happen in the future. But right now, we're pretty comfortable with our ability to compete with them head to head.
Daniel Salmon: Okay. And then, if I can just follow up on that, if I think of the components of organic growth, traditionally that would be - obviously, new client wins and losses and the net impact there. Increases in spend from current clients, but you're always evolving your offering to meet the evolving needs of CMOs. My question is, I don't know if we can quantify what that last portion is, but are these companies competing for that portion? More specifically, would you say like, we're focused on digital and those are the emerging services? But is that another way to approach this in sort of how you see them versus your business?
Michael Roth: Yeah, look, right now it's easier for them to focus on the digital side of the business. And again, it depends on which consultants you're talking about. Take business transformation, because that's really an area that, that - it's a different consultancy, right? And, for example, R/GA and Huge have business transformation offerings that are very attractive. There we come across the consultants more than we do on the pure digital side. But there we are able to bring in from cradle to grave all the different issues that business transformation requires, whether it'd be new product deliveries, whether it'd be design capability. All of these things are within our capabilities that we bring to the table. So that's - again, I think consultants have an ability on the business transformation side, because of the relationships they have with these clients. But we have relationships, and you're right, the CMO will be a depository, if you will, of all these different offering and everyone banging on their door in terms of what they can bring to the table. And where there is wealth and we fought for those relationships. And what we do is with our clients we constantly bring to them the various offerings that we have within IPG or the network for example that's working with them, and the ability under the open architecture to bring in those resources to meet the needs of their clients. That's what we have to do more of and that's why in these RFPs that we're getting they're asking us to put forth what we can deliver. So, yeah, the business is changing, but I'm very comfortable with what we have, whether it'd be through our global networks, McCann, FCB, MullenLowe, our digital capabilities and our media offerings. And then if you add PR to it, that's a very, very impressive resource that you bring to the table.
Daniel Salmon: Okay, great. Thank you.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the bottom of the hour and the end of the call. I will turn it back to our speakers for closing thoughts.
Michael Roth: Okay. Well, thank you very much. And we'll see you at the end of the fourth quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The Interpublic Group second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website interpublic.com. This morning, we're joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our results for the second quarter and first half of 2017. Ill start out by covering highlights of our performance. Frank will then provide additional detail, and Ill conclude with an update on our agencies and the tone of business to be followed by our Q&A. Our organic growth slowed in the second quarter to 40 basis points and was 1% excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenues. For the first six months of the year, our organic growth was 1.5% and 1.7%, excluding the impact of pass-throughs. These results are not at the strong levels we've achieved over a number of years. Nonetheless, we continue to see positive growth momentum from a number of our agencies, notably in our media, digital, and creatively-driven disciplines. In Q2, we were led by increases at Mediabrands, McCann Worldgroup, Hill Holliday, and Huge. In terms of client sectors, we continue to see notable strength in healthcare, along with growth in the auto and transportation, retail and government sectors. These increases, however, were offset in the quarter by an unusually soft tech and telecom sector, along with decreases in financial services and significant cuts in consumer goods. Regionally, US organic growth was 70 basis points in the quarter. And excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenues, it was a full percent higher at 1.7%. The organic growth of our international markets was flat. We had increases in the UK, Canada, and South Africa; a flat LatAm region; and decreases in Asia-Pac and Continental Europe. This lower level of organic growth impacted operating profit in the quarter, which did decrease from a year ago to $207 million from $224 million. Operating margin was 11% compared to 11.7% in Q2 2016 and decreased 30 basis points for the first six months. During Q2, we used $60 million to repurchase 2.5 million shares, while over the trailing 12 months we utilized approximately $305 million for share repurchases. Since instituting our return of capital programs in 2011, we've returned $3.3 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases, as well as reduced our diluted share count by 28%. Despite the fact that our year is off to a slow start, we continue to target 3% to 4% organic growth, although at the low end of that range, and we remain committed to delivering 50 basis points of operating margin expansion to 12.5% for the full year. We just completed the mid-year update with our agency and leadership teams and the tone and substance of those business reviews says that these goals remain achievable. Importantly, in light of the broader caution that's impacting clients' willingness to spend, our teams remain fully focused on achieving our targeted margin improvement for the year. As you'd expect, we have intensified our plans to bring expenses fully aligned with revenue in the second half. Given our increased investment under robust growth over the last seven years, it wasn't possible to reduce expenses in time to keep up with the slowing we experienced during Q2. But our strong record of expanding margins over many years speaks to the strength of our cost disciplines and our ability to execute. We are confident that the second half will benefit from our heightened focus on our expense base. On the top line, we do expect to see improvements going forward with modestly stronger growth from the advertising discipline in the second half, particularly with our largest clients. Some digital work, which is project based nature, was also uncharacteristically soft in Q2. Our digital agencies are best in class, with track records of delivering on their commitments and results that should pick up in our second half. Growth at our PR agencies is also expected to improve. This is a group that is outgrowing the industry very consistently, with high-single digit topline cumulative growth over the past three years, and along the way has redefined the PR discipline for the digital age. Our takeaway from our recent review is that our Q2, while disappointing, was an anomaly. The second half should reflect a stronger pipeline in these project-based businesses. Our media business has continued to perform very well. And as I remarked earlier, McCann, our largest agency, also had solid Q2 growth. The macro climate in the US and the overall tone from clients is supportive of a stronger second half, despite challenges caused by the political uncertainty. As you know, geographically, the US represents over 60% of our revenue mix. And our mid-year update says it should perform better in H2. Obviously, our growth in the US and that of our peer group so far this year has led to larger questions being asked about our sector. Accordingly, it is worth repeating that our media agencies continue to demonstrate their strong value for clients. The importance of the media agency has been amplified, rather than lessened, by the many demands of a complex, fragmented, and data-driven consumer media environment. This remains true even at a time when the size and influence of the largest digital media platforms continues to grow. And while headlines would tell you otherwise, the consultancies remain largely at the periphery of our commercial markets. We continue to see growing revenue streams from the combination of transformational consumer strategies, coupled with the ability to execute at scale. That offering is unique to our industry. On the other hand, there are challenges that have been having an impact. All of us in this industry are contending with significant pressure from our consumer goods clients. Although the sector represents less than 10% of IPG's revenue, it had a disproportionate negative impact on our growth in the quarter. This trend is not new, but reductions have intensified over the course of the year. We are focused on opportunities to mitigate those pressures, both by continuing to improve efficiencies and by consolidating a greater share of these client businesses. Across the IPG portfolio, we are confident in the outstanding quality of our people and our work. We remain focused on our client relationships and will seek to leverage our client base and convert new business to meet our revenue target. We will, of course, continue to make controlling costs a high priority in order to ensure that we deliver on our operating margin improvement target for the full year. At this stage, Ill turn things over to Frank for additional details on our results and I will join you after his remarks for an update on our operating units, to be followed by a Q&A.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael. Good morning. As a reminder, Ill be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On slide two, you can see an overview of results, a number of which Michael touched upon. Organic growth was 40 basis points in the second quarter and was 1.5% for the six months, both below our expected rate for the year. Our topline slowdown puts pressure on overall profitability. Second quarter operating profit was $207 million with operating margin of 11%. For the six months, operating profit was $236 million and operating margin decreased 30 basis points. Second quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.24 and was $0.27 as adjusted for the disposition of small non-strategic agencies, which is comparable to $0.33 a year ago. For the six months, that adjusted comparison is $.32 this year compared with $0.36 a year ago. Q2 average fully diluted shares decreased 2.3% from last year due to share repurchase program. Turning to slide three, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. Ill cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Slide four has more detail on our revenue growth. Revenue was $1.88 billion in the quarter, a decrease of 1.7%. Compared to Q2 2016, the impact of the change in currency exchange rates was a negative 1.1%. The impact of net dispositions was a negative 1%. Resulting organic increase was 0.4%. Organic growth was somewhat higher at 1% when excluding the $11 million decrease in our pass-through revenues, which occurred mainly in our events business in the US. As you can see in the bottom half of this slide, the organic increase in the second quarter was 1% in our Integrated Agency Networks. This was led by Mediabrands in another strong performance, along with McCann, Hill Holiday and Huge. At our CMG segment, the organic change was a negative 2.2% in Q2, though not as steep excluding the decrease in pass-through revenue, and increased 1% organically for the six months. Moving on to slide five, revenue by the region, in the US, Q2 organic growth was 70 basis points and was 1.7% excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenue. We had very good performance from Mediabrands, McCann, Hill Holiday and Huge. In the UK, organic growth was 1.9%. And here again, growth was stronger at 3.2% excluding lower pass-through revenue in our events business. We had leadership from McCann and Mediabrands. In Continental Europe, our organic revenue change was negative 2.5%. That is a departure from the recent performance on the continent as it includes the impact of a recent account loss. We continue to see mixed performance in our largest markets. While Germany increased in the quarter, we had decreases in France, Spain and Italy. in Asia-Pac, our organic decrease in Q2 was 1.1%. While we had growth in India and Australia, it was more than offset by decreased revenue in Japan and in China where the market remains notably soft. In LatAm, Q2 organic growth was flat on top of 16% growth a year ago. The macroenvironment in Brazil remains challenging and we continued a very strong performance across Mexico, Argentina and Chile. In our other markets group, organic growth was 3.2% which was due to strong increases in Canada, driven by Mediabrands and South Africa driven by FCB. Moving on to slide six, which charts the longer view of organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. Most recent data points to 3.2%. On slide seven, we turn to our operating expenses. In the second quarter, our total operating expenses decreased by 90 basis points from a year ago and our reported revenue decrease of 1.7%. The FX impact to operating expenses was a negative 1.2%. Our ratio of total salaries and related expense to revenue was 65.7%. Compared to a year ago, we de-levered on SRS due to decelerating revenue growth and a decrease in pass-through revenues, which are offset in our O&G expense. Total headcount at quarter-end was approximately 50,200, an increase of 100 from a year ago. This reflects hiring in support of growth in areas such as digital, creative and media, as well as the impact our business dispositions over the past 12 months. Our ratio of total O&G expense to revenue was 23.3%, an improvement of 90 basis points from a year ago, which is the result of lower pass-through expenses and a decrease in our travel and entertainment telecom expenses. Slide eight depicts our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis. Most recent data point is 11.9%. Slide nine is provided for the clarity of our year-over-year earnings per share comparison. This is the adjustment from diluted earnings per share of $0.24 as reported to $0.27 per share as adjusted. It's fairly straightforward. Our pretax results includes the below-the-line loss of $13.1 million related to the sale of small non-strategic agencies. As you can see, we had tax benefit against the loss. So, the impact of the $13 million was $0.03 per diluted share. In the six months, we are adjusting similarly from $0.29 as reported to $0.32. Slide ten is our second quarter cash flow. Cash provided by operations was $219 million compared with $100 million a year ago. Comparison reflects $25 million of cash generated from working capital this year compared with cash used in working capital of $120 million a year ago. As we had pointed out previously, working capital is volatile by quarter. These numbers are within the range of our previous second quarters. Investing used $63 million, mainly in CapEx. Our financing activities used $263 million in the quarter, chiefly for dividends and share purchases, and our decrease in our short-term borrowings. Our net decrease in cash and marketable securities for the quarter was $119 million. Moving on slide 11, the current portions of our balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with $661 million of cash and short-term marketable securities compared with $675 million a year ago. The comparison to December 31 reflects that our cash level is seasonal and tends to peak at year-end. Under our current liabilities, the current portion of long-term debt is our $300 million 2.25% notes maturing in November of this year. On slide 12, we show our debt de-leveraging from a peak of $2.33 billion in 2007 to $1.82 billion at the most recent quarter-end. And to summary on slide 13, while our year is off to a slower start than expected, we are confident that the quality of our talent, along with our focused investment and cost disciplines, we know we are well-positioned for continued value creation and our balance remains an important source of strength. With that, let me turn it back to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. Our results in the quarter reflect the fact that macro uncertainty and political gridlock are affecting spend, particularly in the US, with clients demonstrating caution in terms of releasing budgets. We don't see these as indicators of a broad-based economic downturn. This is important because, as you know, we always manage to a full year. Our agencies and our people remain best-in-class and our recent mid-year business reviews indicate that our operators have a range of opportunities in the second half of the year that make the lower range of our 3% to 4% annual organic revenue growth target achievable. Our new business pipeline remains solid and we are fully competitive when opportunities do arise. It bears noting that, in order to deliver 3% or better organic revenue growth for the year, we are not relying on winning significant net new business. The key will, as always, be to focus on our current client roster, especially those among our top 20. We believe that among those existing clients, we have line of sight into the growth that we require; and then, in the second half, client follow through on investment in order to drive their business results. This should be particularly beneficial for our project-based businesses, especially in digital, marketing services like PR and healthcare, and all areas in which we have exceptional agencies and capabilities. In terms of margins, we have consistently demonstrated our ability to improve profitability. As mentioned at the outset of this call, given the industry-leading growth we posted over the last seven years, the timing of expenses to reductions couldn't keep up with the slowing we experienced during the second quarter. But our teams are fully focused on protecting and enhancing margin for the balance of the year. We will continue to invest in those businesses that are delivering growth, as well as on strategically important areas, such as creative and digital talent, as well as our data stack and tools. Concurrently, we've put in place plans to control costs in all other areas of the business in order for us to succeed in bringing expenses into line during the second half of the year and delivering on our 50 basis point target of operating margin improvement for 2017. Turning to operational matters, on the talent front, we are pleased that our corporate culture and values continue to make us leading destination for much of the industry's best people. We continue to attract top talent from our traditional peer set in emerging areas across all the digital spectrum, as well as data and tech-enabled marketing. A full range of our agencies are active in areas such as artificial intelligence, which is being used to create customized, targeted messaging and which informs our programmatic delivery of digital media. We are also seeing AR and VR playing a role in storytelling for brands, whether in the advertising of PR space, as well as in rich user experiences crafted by our CRM, experiential and shopper marketing agencies. We are also proud of our long-standing commitment to promoting diversity and inclusion. We've made meaningful strides and lead the industry on many fronts, but there remains a lot of work to be done. As mentioned on last quarter's call, an area in which we are increasingly focusing is our ability to recruit, develop and promote women of color. Highlights at the agency level were led by Mediabrands, which posted a very strong quarter. UM won the Accenture business domestically and the global assignment for Coach. The agency's better science, better outcomes positioning is really resonating in the marketplace. Cadreon continues to be a leader in the programmatic space due to the combination of its technology expertise and media-agnostic model. Reprise, Society and Ansible round out a strong digital offering from search through social and mobile capabilities. Our position on transparency and the fact that we do not take principal positions in media are increasingly strong differentiators for clients seeking to navigate the complex and opaque media landscape. McCann had a solid quarter overall with notable wins in Europe with Reckitt Benckiser and in Asia with Sony. The agency's performance and creative competitions continue to be outstanding. The agency was the most awarded Cannes agency in North America and won numerous Grand Prix's for its Fearless Girl campaign, which is one of the most awarded creative ideas at the festival. MRN won its first-ever Grand Prix at Cannes and the network features strong e-commerce and digital consumer journey capabilities. Momentum is combining physical events and digital experiences. And McCann Healthcare was named Cannes Healthcare Network of the Year. Our digital specialist agencies, RGA and Huge, continue to provide leading-edge services to an increasingly large range of clients. RGA won its first-ever Grand Prix at Cannes for media, with its work for jet.com. The agency recently opened offices in Tokyo and Berlin and named the chief technology officer. Through its accelerated programs, we get first looks at exciting startups and everything from connected sports to the ways the Internet of Things is transforming retailing, transportation and a host of industries. We were also pleased to see RGA win Nikon and Johnny Walker earlier this month. At Huge, the transition from an agency with deep expertise in digital and UX design to one that combines these offerings with marketing services is well underway. Growth in the second quarter was solid and its US network is now fully developed. Both huge and RGA have been pioneers and remain ahead of the game in developing business transformation consulting practices. This is an offering more of our agencies will be incorporating in their core capabilities going forward, a scenario that will be highly complementary to the increasingly strategic and digital services provided by our PR agencies. Weber Shandwick and Golin remain market leaders, despite a macro and client climate that saw clients hold back on projects. We are confident in these agencies based on their very strong track record in recent years. At the 2017 PR Week US Awards, IPG had a dominant showing, taking home over dozen major awards, more than twice the number of honors won by any other holding company. Weber Shandwick not only won Agency of the Year from PR Week, it also earned that the designation from The Holmes Report, which also named it European Consultancy of the Year. The collaboration among our CMG units, including Octagon for sports marketing, Jack Morton in event marketing, and FutureBrand is not only terrific within CMG, but also a key driver of many of the open architecture solutions we deliver to clients across the holding company. At FCB, we continue to see strong performance from the agency's flagship office in Chicago and at FCB Health. FCB Health Area 23 was named Healthcare Agency of the Year at Cannes. FCB New York retained the important FDA client and the network bolstered its management teams in London and Shanghai, two key markets. In July, the agency also announced two important account wins. FCB Canada prevailed in the BMW review, which adds to the agency's UK and pan-European relationship with this great brand. And in very significant news from India, FCBUlka won GSK's iconic Horlicks brand. During the quarter, MullenLowe made a number of key moves in international markets. The agency unveiled its hyperbundled agency offering in China, bringing together MullenLowe and referral agencies in Shanghai. It also opened the third agency in India, to be named PointNine Lintas and launched MullenLowe in Japan. Just last week, we announced the acquisition of strategic communications agency salt, which will strengthen the key London office where MullenLowe was recently named the UK's most effective agency, as well as Agency of the Year at the Effie Awards. The network also remains very active in terms of new business activity. Among our US independents, Hill Holliday has been a strong performer and is also increasingly active in pitch activity, as is Carmichael Lynch, which features an outstanding embedded PR and social agency. Deutsch and The Martin Agency, our premier creative agencies, which we have previously mentioned, are increasingly involved on our integrated holding company client engagements. A number of our competitors have been touting their unified solutions or holding company teams. As you know, this is something we've been working on for the better part of a decade. As the next client, I know how compelling an open architecture offering custom-built to meet the needs of my business can be. We continue to excel in this area, whether in competitive reviews or increasingly as an offering that we are developing for existing clients. We have recently seen increased demand for this approach with its healthcare and pharma clients. We are also extending the collaborative open architecture approach by bringing to bear through a consultant model that proactively engages clients to solve their most challenging business problems. The other area in which we see significant opportunity is data analytics. We've been bringing together data insets from across the company as well as from a range of external partners. By adding to our stack, we improve our ability to match online and offline data at scale. Ultimately, we believe our data platform will be able not to only drive decision-making in our media investments on behalf of clients, but also inform our creative process and also prove out the value of the ideas and work we delivered to our clients. We have more on that as we execute on our plans, but this is a very exciting area of the business. Going forward, we've realized that market conditions have become more challenging. But by staying focused on our client and on execution, we know we can continue to deliver strong results. While the second quarter was not up to the level of the expectations created by three years of outstanding growth, our performance year-to-date keeps us right in the mix with our principal peers. In terms of awards per dollar of revenue, we led the industry at Cannes. And no holding company won as many Grand Prixes as we did. At this year's North American Effies, we were named most effective holding company. That is why, as mentioned in my opening remarks, we are confident in the quality of our people and our work. The key focus will be on our client relationships. New business and leveraging our existing client base for organic growth. We will also remain relentless and vigilant in terms of controlling costs. That's how we can deliver within the 3% to 4% range that we had as a target organic revenue in 2017, and also improve operating margin by 50 basis points. Combined with the strength of our balance sheet and our proven commitment to capital return, this will allow us to create value and further enhance shareholder value. As always, I thank you for your support and your time. And with that, Ill open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Alexia Quadrani from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. And thank you for all the detail on the results and the quarter. But, I guess, Michael, I was going to ask, if you were to highlight, I guess, really what was delta that caused the stepdown in Q2. Was it more intense pressure from the consumer group or a pullback in sort of those one-offs that you described, like digital and PR, kind of more project based sort of anomalies? I was trying to get a better sense of  if it really got worse, to perhaps get better comfort on why this might somewhat correct itself in the back half.
Michael Roth: That's a fair question, Alexia. I thought I'd try to address some of it. But let me sort of take it through from the top. In many of these calls, you'll hear us talk about our top 20 clients. And with these top 20 clients, Ive very proudly said that we've experienced unusually high growth versus our overall performance from these top 20 clients. And at some point, it was double what we've reported. Sometimes, I actually gave out the number, which I shouldn't have. I will tell you that for this quarter, particularly, our top 20 clients remain pretty much in line with our overall results. That's what gives us some comfort with respect to the line of sight we see in the second half. These clients are in the financial position to invest in their media dollars and their advertising spend. And frankly, they have to in the second half to maintain market share and grow their businesses. So, that will be a primary focus for our people to get those top 20 clients performing the way they have in the past. The second item, these digital projects, what's happened to our businesses, clearly, a lot of it is project based, as you point out. And what's interesting is our digital products are becoming much larger in scope. So, what you see is projects that are inherently choppy because project business is exactly what it is. It's projects. And because they are larger in scope, when these projects run off, if you don't have large projects to offset that, it gives us a much more choppy result on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So, what we see is, in the second quarter, we were missing some of these large projects to replace the ones that have run off. But we do see line of sight in terms of our pipeline where we believe our digital agencies and, frankly, our other agencies should be able to capitalize in the second half. The one thats notable is our PR business. We said  the project business on the PR side for the second quarter was negative at Weber Shandwick. This is an anomaly. And we believe that, for the second half, we'll see a pickup in the PR business on the project side business. The other thing to focus on was our sectors. Tech and telecom, which has historically been a good driver for us, was down in the second quarter. We were cycling through a particular client loss, Sprint. But it is 20% of our overall mix and we do see some recovery in the second half in tech and telecom. And the other part of it is, as I indicated, Mediabrands continues to provide good growth and high margins for us, given the fact that they're highly competitive in the marketplace and their clients are in the right sectors in terms of growth opportunity. And McCann had a solid result in the second quarter, which, obviously, is a big portion of our overall revenue. On your question of the overall economy, we believe that the US economy is fine. Theres some questions and maybe some clients are holding back, but we do believe that what we do actually works in the marketplace and clients have to spend in order to drive their business results. So, that's where we see the visibility in the second half of the year. This is not 2008 or anything like that. And again, some of our results are particularly relevant to particular clients. So, for example, the weakness that we saw in Continental Europe related to the Ceat [ph] loss that we had and which we're flowing through that. So, some of it is client specific. And that's why I say we're addressing our major clients and see opportunities in the second half. I'm not belittling the comments about the consumer goods environment. There's no question that that had an impact in the second quarter on our results. Candidly, I don't know when Im supposed to say this, but it had about almost a 1%, about 0.8% impact on our revenue growth in the consumer goods side of the business. There too, we think that our clients are overreacting, frankly, in their cuts. And, in fact, youve seen some of our clients officially say that theyll be spending stronger in the second half of the year. So, when you put all that together, that's why we're maintaining the 3% to 4%, albeit on the lower end of the scale. What's also important is we have extreme focus on our ability to deliver on the margin because that, as you know, we have a variable cost structure and we've already started actions to bring our expense line in line with the revenue.
Alexia Quadrani: All right, thank you. Thank you, Michael. That was super helpful. And I guess just one real quick follow-up and I think you just started to touch on that on the margin and the margin target for the year which youve committed to. Yeah, I think you highlighted in your opening comments, maybe Frank did, thats one of the reasons for the softness in profitability in the quarter was the weakness in Continental Europe. It sounds like, from what you're saying, that even if that weakness in Continental Europe persists, you feel that with the cost cuts, you're comfortable with the target still or is it predicated on maybe a bit of improvement in Continental Europe?
Michael Roth: Yeah, we don't see a big recovery in continental Europe. Look, over 60% of our revenue is in the US. So, even though, our industry is seeing some softness in the US, we had 1.7%, if you exclude the pass-throughs, organic growth in the second quarter, and we had, what, 1.8% in the first half in the US. So, we need stronger growth in the second half, but we're not starting from a zero base in the US. Frankly, some of our peers are. So, obviously, we believe our US business is very solid and something we believe should turnaround a bit, particularly on the project side of the business in the second half.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you so much.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our question is from Mr. John Janedis from Jefferies. Your line is open.
John Janedis: Thank you. Maybe a couple from me too. Michael, maybe we can start on your comment related to tech and telecom. Are you seeing any kind of impact from consolidation on that front? And then the tech side, are the larger players increasing share to the point that they're impacting spend from the mid-size competitors?
Michael Roth: Well, I don't see us  the effect of the merger is really having an impact. I don't think we've really seen that take place. Candidly, on tech and telecom, we're still cycling through the loss of Sprint at Deutsche. We did have a pull back on some of our project-based clients in the tech and telecom space. We do see a line of sight that, with respect to those clients, we think we'll see a recovery in the second half, as well as some of our other tech and telecom. That's an important sector for us. We have very good solid client base there and that's where I think we'll see additional spending in the second half.
John Janedis: Okay. And then maybe separately, shifting back outside the US, it's really unusual to see the non-US market in such a tight range around zero. So, I wanted to ask you, is that a function of your US multinational clients or is there something broader to speak to given the talk at least in the US that you spoke to around some of that politically-driven uncertainty?
Michael Roth: Well, look, I think it's a pullback in China  I think everyone is seeing a pullback in China. In Latin America, Brazil affected us to a larger extent. As Frank said, we had really positive results in Mexico and Argentina, Chile and other. So, that basically netted out to being flat in Latin America. Previously, we've been up 15% in Latin America. So, I think we're seeing Brazil affect us more dramatically in those markets. And again, in Continental Europe, as I said, we had some client losses that reflected that. So, no, I don't see that. Look, the UK, if you exclude pass-throughs, up 3.2%, something around that. So, we see a solid business in the UK. We're not counting on a big recovery in continental Europe. India, we saw growth. Australia, we saw growth. So, there are growth markets on the international side. And we're adversely affected by some of our losses and some just general economic environments. But it's not similar to  the US isnt similar to those markets.
John Janedis: Okay. And maybe one quick one for Frank. Just given your comments, can you speak maybe to the levers in the operating margin outlook for the back half of the year? Maybe on the outlook as well, do you expect to see a larger tailwind from net new business in the second half of the year versus the first half?
Frank Mergenthaler: John, I think that, as Michael pointed out, it's critical for us to grow our existing book of business, especially around the top 20. So, growth is important.
Michael Roth: Yeah. As the teams came through mid-year reviews over the past couple of weeks, the message was, if revenue was a bit softer than expected, we would expect to see actions to defend the margin targets for the year. And we were pleasantly surprised, a number of the agencies have already started to put those actions in place. And mostly, it's around headcount.
Frank Mergenthaler: Let me add to that. Frankly, we're net new business positive. Not a lot, but we're net new business positive. I hope in the next couple of weeks, we'll be announcing some nice wins, whether it be in the media side or on the creative side. So, we hope to see that  that doesn't necessarily mean that we're going to see the revenue impact in the second half of the year. But it goes to the issue of our business units and how competitive they are. What you're not asking me, which is a relevant question, is if we don't reach the 3% to 4% organic growth, can we still reach our target of 50 basis points. I know you had that question, John, right? You're just sort of being kind. I do believe that if we missed the 3%, we should be able to expand margin to achieve our 50 basis points. Obviously, we can't miss it by a lot, okay? So, everyone in the room can relax. But I do believe that we have some room in there that if we miss that organic number, there's an opportunity to continue to meet our targets.
John Janedis: All right. Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Peter Stabler from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Peter Stabler: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about budgeting. So, one of the themes we've been seeing playing out on the CPG Staples side, across some of the commentary that these companies are offering for their own investors, is the allocation of spending versus  working versus non-working. And I was just wondering if you could comment on that. Are you seeing clients focusing on the dollar spent on asset creation and questioning whether theyve been historically spending too much there and trying to preserve their media budgets as top lines are slowing? That seems to be playing out in that sector. Wondering if there's any fear inside your halls that there's some contagion there and some other large category start kind of re-examining how they split their money between asset creation and media spending. And then secondly, just a quick one. Wondering if you could talk a little bit about the progression through the quarter. I know you're usually unwilling or somewhat reluctant to talk about monthly results. And we understand that. And we understand why. But we also know that June is a particularly important month for you. So, any comments on kind of how June did versus your expectations? Thank you so much.
Michael Roth: Well, we don't give out monthly guidance. We'll stick to that. Look, we were disappointed in June. We  up through May, we were  obviously, we saw that there was softening on the revenue side and we were hoping to see June come in as we always do on a strong basis. And that we did not see. And that gives rise to the question of what are we seeing, and that's why whole conversation we've been having on project basis. We did a deep dive on that. And that's where you see the impact of project-based businesses, and especially where you see run-offs of large projects and without a large project replacing it immediately. Our clients don't take into consideration the timing of our wins and losses and projects. So, we had a disappointing June. And that's what gave rise to it. But all of that is taken into consideration when we do our business planning for the rest of the year, and that's why we're saying what we are in terms of the organic 3% to 4% and 50 basis points. On the question of allocation, one particular client indicated that, the media spend, they are going to increase in the second half of the year, I think clients look at their allocation in media just like they do any other investment, and that is where do they get their best book in terms of allocating their dollars. And frankly, that's good for us because it gives us a whole varied opportunity on where clients should put their money, where do they get the best dollars, and how can we help them optimize those spends. Obviously, digital continues to be an important part of that and what content goes with the digital. So, I think it argues in favor of our integrated offering where we can look at these spending habits, if you will, and provide higher ROI with less spend on the media dollars But, clearly, clients  what we do actually works. And that's why I believe, on the CPG side, our clients are going to have to spend dollars to maintain market share and we're going to be working very closely with our clients to really look at the question you're asking and say where do you get your better bang for your buck. And frankly, every time we're in front of a client, that's a good thing because we have the tools and resources to do that. And I think there's a lot of pressures on our clients in terms of bottom line, but if they're not selling their products, they can watch their costs all they want, but they're going to have to ultimately sell those products. So, that's really where we earn our keep. And I think that's how we're looking at media spend.
Frank Mergenthaler: Peter, this isn't a new phenomenon, right? Clients have been looking for their ROI spend on their marketing dollars for as long as we've been around, right? And the more data thats out there and analytics are out there to show the return on those investments, the better it puts  the better stead it would put for us.
Peter Stabler: Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Steven Cahall from Royal Bank of Canada. Your line is open.
Steven Cahall: Yeah, thank you. Maybe just the first one for me. Michael, I'm sorry to split hairs here, but youve used the term line of sight a few times. And I'm just wondering if you can put that into a little more context with us. Is line of sight defined as you're starting to see an improvement in the client activity or is line of sight more that, based on the implied growth youve got in the back half of the year, it kind of comes back to just this expectation that things will sort of have to get better based on the underlying forces?
Michael Roth: Well, it's both. So, here's what we do. And I think it's worth explaining. What we do is we have our mid-year reviews. And all of our agents come in and they take a look at their existing pipeline, their opportunities, potential projects that they have, and all of our agencies do have a piece of their business that they don't have as clear line of sight, but historically, because of the nature of their clients and so on, they expect to receive those type of projects. So, it's a combination of knowledge that the clients will be doing this and thats in their numbers. It's opportunities where they believe they can create revenue with clients because they have ideas or they were already working with clients and, frankly, some of these you haven't sold through yet to the clients. And the other one is, they have six months to generate, what we call, to-be-generated and those numbers overall are reasonable, given where we are and where our clients are. So, this isn't just the number we say we have to achieve, which I think is the gist of your question. We have to achieve 3% to 4%, therefore you have to generate this amount of money. Our business units come in with their business insights and where they think their business is. It's not that we come in and tell them this is the number you have to get. Obviously, if they're very low, we have a healthy conversation on where they can seek opportunities to raise it, but that's normal business, and that's true every year. So, it's a little more, Ill call it, sophisticated or it's not an exact science where our business units know their clients and conversations that they have with them are pending.
Steven Cahall: And just to follow up on some of the consumer goods stuff, youve referenced what Unilever is talking about, but also that 80 basis points in the quarter. So, if I just kind of put all that in context, number one, is it correct to assume that in order to make the low-end of your guidance, the majority of the rebound we're going to see in growth is going to be domestic? And then number two, kind of what kind of assumption about that 80 bps of drag from consumer do you sort of need to step up for you to get there on the domestic side?
Michael Roth: Well, first of all, since 60%, 62% of our business is from the US. So, you can assume that we're making an assumption that that's where we're going to see recovery, particularly on the project side. And we don't see a big recovery in consumer goods. Obviously, if you just took the Unilever announcement, there are other opportunities within the consumer good clients, particularly what they're looking at is consolidating. A lot of these big clients have thousands of agencies all over the world. That is clearly  and we've been arguing for years that that's an inefficient way to operate. And they argue, well, local markets and so on. Well, I think what we're going to see  and this is in  Im not just saying Unilever. In general, you're going to see clients looking at the efficiencies of their agency structure and we believe we're in very good stay with many of our  most of our clients and, therefore, when they're looking to consolidate a lot of these local agencies, it makes sense that we take on that work. So, we may have reduced spending overall, but if we pick up a bigger share of wallet from those clients, that makes up the delta. So, I think it's more of that than us saying all of a sudden they're going to see the light and increase their spending by 20%, okay?
Steven Cahall: Just the last one. Does the army materially factor into your outlook for the second half of the year since I know there's kind of some binary outcomes there?
Michael Roth: No, the army should not affect us in 2017.
Steven Cahall: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dan Salmon from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Daniel Salmon: Hey, good morning, everyone. Michael, I think in your opening comments, I may have misheard it, but I think you cited, in addition to tech and telecom and CPG issues, a little weakness and softness in financial services. Maybe I misheard that, but if I didn't, if you could expand on that a little bit, if it's client specific or otherwise. And then, just to peel back the onion on the CPG issue a little bit more, we all play amateur CPG analysts on the side because it's such a big category. And while it's not a specialty, it strikes us that some of the issues that are affecting the big majors there are the rise of some challenger brands, maybe ones that are a little bit more digitally oriented. We've seen it in razor vertical, for example, where some of them have been consolidated. And also, the continued growth of private label at the retailers. So, if you take a step back and look at where their challenges are coming from, how do you see that as an opportunity for agencies more broadly and IPG specifically? Is that a group of, for example, the challenger brands where you've got to grow your client list, rollout different services? Are they more direct response oriented, less focused on branding? Just the high-level thoughts there would be appreciated.
Michael Roth: Yeah. No, thats a great question. First, let me answer the financial services. We are cycling through USAA, which was a client loss, and that had a big impact on the results for financial services. We also lost TD Bank. So, those two had a negative impact on financial services. Our other financial service clients continue to be fine. We actually had a meeting yesterday with a big client of ours. And the whole question that you just raised was relevant and we had a good discussion of it in terms of  and they asked the same question you had, and that is, there are challenge brands, there are private labels, there are all these different startups out there that are coming after us. And frankly, that's the kind of conversations we are having with our clients, and that is how can we take on those type of challenges in the marketplace and what resources do we have that can help them do that. And that's where you look at the data stack. That's where you look at consumer insights. That is where we can help our clients target not just specific individuals, but entire audiences and how can we pick those audiences and really take long-standing brands that have relationships with clients and add value to what they're offerings could be. And frankly, that's the best way to use our services it's going to be around for a long time. So, yeah, of course, we're pitching these new startups and, yes, we're picking them up as clients, but the clients that are the big CPG clients are dealing with this. And the only way to deal with it is to focus on their brands and give permission, if you will, for these brands to get back in favor with the consumers. And there a lot of insights here that our data and analytics group can provide. And what's interesting is that this data and analytics is providing insights on the creative, not just on finding the consumer. In other words, what are they looking for? What conversation should they be having about the brand that is an aha moment with that consumer? In other words, what is it about the brand that theyve been using for ten years? And now all of a sudden, if it's just price, how can we show that the value of the brand is stronger? So, all that stuff actually helps us because, when we have these conversations with these clients, we can really make a difference in terms of the insights. So, it's a relevant question. It's going on probably every day with all of our clients in those spaces in terms of how do you deal with it and who is going to help them solve that other than our resources and tools where we can provide those insights, and not only have insights, but bring in the creative ideas that work with those insights to bring those customers either back or maintain those customers in this crazy market that we're in. So, yes, it's a conversation that we're having every day. And I think, at the end of our meeting yesterday, the client walked away saying that this is really helpful to us because this is what we're looking for in terms of how we fight back.
Daniel Salmon: Okay, great. Thanks, Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mr. David Joyce from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Mr. David Joyce, please check your mute button.
David Joyce: Thank you. Just wanted to think about the pullback in the vertical spending from a different perspective. Just wondering if there was maybe some confusion in the marketplace given that there's so many data sources and platforms and analytics out there. Granted, thats your  one of the [indiscernible] you added. Your services help all the clients navigate that. But Im just wondering, if in addition to the other factors, if you could talk about how the industry is evolving with these new first party and third-party services and how would integrators [ph] use those services? Thank you.
Michael Roth: Look, this whole overhang of disintermediation in our business and whether these dollars are going directly to these providers, and the answer is, in some cases, the answer is yes. In other cases, I think clients are realizing they're not getting the agnostic view of the analytics. They're not getting the agnostic view of what else is there out there that maybe can provide better value for those dollars. And they come back to us and say, all right, you tell us how you add value to this. But, yeah, there's no question that those  even though we work very closely with those companies in terms of placing media dollars, they would prefer, in many cases, to go directly to our clients, but our clients realize that they're not getting the agnostic view, and especially given what's happened this past year in terms of transparency, in terms of safety of the brand. There are a whole bunch of issues that have caused clients sort of to come back to us and say, what's your view here and how you can help us. But it's a battle we have.
David Joyce: All right. Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.
Michael Roth: Thank you very much.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The Interpublic Group First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our Company. These are subject to the uncertainties and the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning as we review our results for the quarter. Ill start by covering highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide additional details, and Ill conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by the Q&A. Were pleased to report solid first quarter revenue growth which comes on top of outstanding performance a year ago. Organic revenue growth was 2.7% in Q1, against 6.7% a year ago, our steepest quarterly comp. In the US, organic growth was 2.9%, up against industry leading 8.3% growth in 2016. Faced by another strong result in Continental Europe, international markets grew 2.2% in pass-through. As has been the case in recent years, our growth was broad-based by discipline as well. In Q1, we were led by media, our digital specialist, public relations, advertising and sports market. This continues to underscore the strength of our offerings across the portfolio and is an encouraging start to the New Year. FX was negative to our reported revenue by 1% in the quarter due to the continuing strength of US dollar and had a similar impact on our operating expenses. Net business dispositions of several small non-strategic units drag on revenue by 1% as well, as we had said would be the case on our February conference call. Operating profit in Q1 was $30 million, compared with $23 million last year, which reflects both our growth and the effectiveness of our ongoing discipline around expenses. As you know, our first quarter is seasonally small in terms of revenues while total costs are distributed fairly throughout the year. That said Q1, operating profit growth of 29% and operating margin growth of 40 basis points, which leverage both of our principal expense lines are indicative of solid progress towards our full year financial target. Returning to the top-line, our growth continues to reflect contribution from a range of our major agencies, led in Q1 by Mediabrands, McCann, R/GA, Hill Holliday, Octagon and Golin. Our digital offerings continued their solid growth. This includes a broad range of embedded digital capabilities within our agency networks, as well as a standalone digital specialist. In terms of client sectors, we were led by increases in the healthcare and retail sectors, as well as by strong growth with diversified industrial and government clients. The quarter also reflects growth with existing clients as well as net new business wins over the trailing 12 months. Our capital structure continues to be a source of value creation. As we announced in the February, this is the fifth consecutive year that our Board has increased our quarterly dividend by at least 20%. On a full year 2016 call, we announced that our Board had authorized another $300 million of share repurchases. During Q1, we repurchased 2.3 million shares using $55 million, which is consistent with Q1 of 2016. As you know, our share repurchase activity tends to track to the seasonality of our cash flows over the course of the year. Over the trailing 12 months, we utilized $305 million for the repurchase of 13 million. Since initiating our dividend and repurchases in 2011, weve returned a total of $3.2 billion to shareholders, which has driven a 28% reduction to our diluted share count with an average repurchase cost of $14.32. Weve also tripled our per share dividend over this period of time. Just last week S&P announced that it upgraded our debt credit ratings to BBB. This brings us to solid investment grade standing across all major credit rating agencies, which represents another important marker of progress at IPG. By fulfilling a longstanding objective of this management team, weve achieved a milestone that will yield benefits in terms of enhanced financial flexibility. Were pleased that our performance continues to reflect the excellence of our people. Outstanding consumer insights, industry-leading creativity and the delivery of efficient and precisely targeted communications have all become hallmarks of IPG and our agencies. The top-tier digital capabilities we have the across the portfolio also continues to be a differentiated for us. By keeping the clients front and center, we can combine all of the skill sets into integrated solutions that are customized to the needs of our clients. This in turn positions us strongly in the evolving world of media and marketing. We are, as always, highly focused on capitalizing on growth to drive further margin expansion and capital return. The strength of our offerings coupled with the strong record of operating discipline is a winning combination that will ensure that we will continue to deliver for client and shareholders alike. As you know, Q1 is seasonally small for us. There is still continued uncertainty driven by macroeconomics and geopolitical factors including potential tax reforms, healthcare and infrastructure. However, we are confident that performance to date has us fully on track to deliver on the 3% to 4% organic growth target we set for the full year as well as to expand operating margin by an additional 50 basis points relative to 2016. At this stage, Id like to turn things over to Frank for additional detail on our results. And after this remarks, Ill be back to provide the update of our agencies, tone of business to be followed by a Q&A.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael. Good morning, everyone. As a reminder, Ill be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On slide two, you see an overview of our results. Organic revenue growth was 2.7% in the first quarter, 2.9% in the US and 2.2% in our international markets. Excluding a small increase in pass-through revenue and related expense, organic revenue growth was 2.5%. Q1 operating profit was $30 million, an increase of $7 million compared to last year in our seasonally small first quarter. Diluted EPS is $0.05, which compares to $0.01 as reported last year and compares favorably to $0.02 per share as adjusted for items a year ago. Turning to slide three, you see our P&L for the quarter. Ill cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. It is worth noting here that Q1 2016 includes the reclassification of $2 million of pension expense from salaries and other income, reflecting the adoption of the new pension accounting standard. The impact was approximately $800,000 in Q1 2017. Further down the P&L, its also worth noting that we had a tax benefit in the quarter against our seasonally small Q1 pretax earnings. That is a result of our mix of profit and loss by tax jurisdiction around the world and the excess tax benefit of share based compensation in our first quarter. We continue to expect that our effective tax rate will be in the range of 35 to 36% for the full year. Turning to revenue on slide four. Revenue was $1.75 billion in the quarter. Compared to Q1 2016, the impact of the change in exchange rates was negative 1% while net dispositions were negative1% as well. Resulting revenue increase was 70 basis points as reported and organic increase of 2.7%. As you can see on the bottom half of this slide, organic growth was 2.2% at our integrated agency network segment, which is good performance against 7.6% growth in Q1 2016 with contributions from all the IAN disciplines and across a range of agencies. CNG grew 4.6% organically led by Octagon, Golin and Weber Shandwick. Moving on to slide five, revenue by region. US organic growth was 2.9% and was 2% excluding increased pass-through revenues in the US. Again, growth was broad based across disciplines in agencies led by R/GA, Mediabrands, Jack Morton, Hill Holliday and McCann. Leading clients sectors were healthcare, food and beverage, auto and retail. We also had strong growth in our other category paced by energy, and industrial clients. Turning to international markets, the UK grew slightly on an organic basis but UK organic growth was 4.4% excluding the decrease in pass-through revenue. We had notably strong growth in McCann UK once again, along the growth at Weber Shandwick and Mediabrands. Its also worth noting that acquisitions contributed another 3% to growth in the UK but the dollar pound relationship decreased our reported UK revenue by about 14%. Continental Europe increased 6.7% organically. Among our largest markets, we were led by strong results in Germany and Italy while France and Spain were flat compared to last year. In Asia Pac, we had an organic decrease of 2.7%, reflecting lower spending from a number of our clients in China where we were lapping exceptional growth in last years first quarter, as well as a decrease from Australia. We continue to see very good growth in India and Japan. LatAm grew 3.7% organically on top of 11.6% a year ago. We continue to have strong performances by our agencies in Mexico, Argentina and Chile, which offset lower revenue in Brazil. Our other markets group increased 7.8% organically in Q1, which is also notably strong performance on top of the 7.4% a year ago. This reflects growth in South Africa, the Middle East and Canada. On slide six, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis; most recent data point is 4%. Moving on to slide seven. Total operating expenses in the first quarter increased 30 basis points from a year ago, compared to reported revenue growth of 70 basis points. As a result, our operating margin expanded 40 basis points. The ratio of salaries and related expenses to revenue in Q1 was 72.7% this year compared with 72.8% a year ago. Comparison reflects improved leverage on our other salaries and related expense, mainly due to lower expense or earn-outs offset by base payroll and incentive comp. The total headcount at quarter end of approximately 50,200, which has increased about 1% from year-end 2016. We continue to invest on growth areas in the portfolio such as digital, media, advertising and PR, and to support our new business wins. On the lower half of the slide, our total O&G expense in the first quarter was essentially flat against last year, generating 20 basis points of operating leverage. On slide eight, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis with the most recent data point of 12.1%. On slide nine, we turn to cash flow. Cash used in operations in Q1 was $372 million, compared with $654 million a year ago. As you know, our operating cash flow is highly seasonal. Our business typically generates significant cash and working capital in the fourth quarter and uses cash in the first quarter. During this years first quarter, cash used in working capital was $439 million, compared with the use of $695 million in Q1 a year ago. The improvement was due to the timing of our working capital cash flows, which we had also referred to at the time of our fourth quarter call. While we have lower seasonal cash generation in Q4, this is the offset in Q1, lower use of cash in the first quarter. Investing activities used $33 million in the quarter including $25 million of CapEx. Financing activities generated $64 million, due to an increase in short-term borrowings of $225 million. We used $71 million for our common stock dividend and $55 million for share repurchases. Our net decrease in cash and marketable securities for the quarter was $320 million compared with $831 million a year ago. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on slide 10. We ended the first quarter with $778 million in cash and short-term marketable securities compared with $680 million a year ago. Its worth noting that our cash level seasonal tends to peak at year-end and decrease during the first quarter. On slide 11, we show debt deleveraging from a peak of $2.33 billion in 2007 to $1.92 billion at the most recent quarter-end. In summary on the slide 12, we are pleased with solid revenue growth and profit performance in the quarter, which represents a good start in terms of achieving our financial objectives for the full year. With that, let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. As weve noted, against very challenging comps, we showed solid growth in the quarter. Digital activity across all of our agencies continues to be a significant driver of the success. And we saw positive contributions to our performance from a range of our offerings including advertising, media and marketing services. Disciplined cost management led to good progress during the quarter in terms of increased operating margin and our balance sheet remains an important factor that will allow us to further enhance shareholder value. On the talent front, were pleased that we remain a differentiated culture that attracts much of the industrys best talent, not only from our traditional peer sets but also in emerging areas such as digital content creation, social media as well as data and tech-enabled marketing. Were also proud of our longstanding record in promoting diversity and inclusion. While we made meaningful strides and leading industry on many fronts, an area on which we are increasingly focusing is our ability to recruit, develop and promote people of color. Thats because in order to keep our place as a leader in D&I and also continue to deliver best-in-class revenue growth, we must incorporate the broadest set of perspectives and skills into the thinking we deliver to clients. This will allow us to best reflect and connect to the markets with which we communicate with in order to be successful. As we know, our industry is changing at a rapid pace. There is a great deal being written about the convergence that is bringing adjacent industries into others. [Ph] The increased competition that we all read about these days is not as evident to us as the headlines would have you believe. And its possible were seeing new forms of collaboration as well as competition as a result of the emerging market dynamics. But regardless of how the situation plays out, it bears noting that at IPG, weve been preparing for this potential scenario for some time. Our creative firepower is amongst the best in our peer set and it represents a significant barrier relative to new entrants into the advertising space. Digitally, were equally strong, having invested in these capabilities for nearly a decade. As importantly, our ability to integrate a broad spectrum of marketing activity for our clients is a powerful differentiator. Finally, our commitment to accountability driven by a strong and holistic data platform, allows us to answer key questions regarding the efficacy and value of the advice and the work we provide to marketers. Turning now to the tone of the business. Despite macro events that we are well aware of and which have caused a great degree of economic uncertainty, what we are hearing from clients and from our operators, point to a solid marketing environment and one which remains consistent with our achieving organic growth targets we set earlier this year. The new business pipeline is particularly strong in digital services. For us, this comes across all of our agencies. And were seeing opportunities for our digital specialist, integrated ad agencies, as well as our PR, health communications and shopper marketing firms. There is also quite a bit of activity in the media sector, where were involved in most of the major pitches. The pipeline for larger, traditional AOR assignments remains lighter. This represents the continuation of a trend we also saw last year. Highlights at the agency level include another quarter of very strong performance of R/GA, which continues to expand the breadth of its offerings, its relationships with major marketers and its geographic presence. We recently reviewed the progress of the agencies accelerated progress, which allow us to incubate and get line of sight into some amazing start-ups and cutting edge areas such as VR, artificial intelligence and marketing technologies. R/GA recently announced a new accelerated program in collaboration with Verizon Ventures, and our Ventures Studio program with Snap will be the first to incorporate clients and mentors for the full range of IPG agencies. Mediabrands also posted a very strong quarter growing with major multinational and domestic clients and on-boarding its new Hulu with Fitbit clients and announcing recently a win of Accenture. Our transparent and agnostic approach to media ensures that clients are getting not just top level buying power and expertise, but also the best unbiased advice when it comes to optimizing their marketing investments. This is increasingly important in a world that is seeing greater concentration of power among media owners, as well as other challenges that have come to light in areas like digital measurement and brand safety. CMG continues to deliver strong results and outstanding work across the full range of marketing services. From event and sports marketing to public relations, the work agencies like Octagon, Jack Morton, Golin and Weber Shandwick perform is becoming more strategic than ever. Given the fragmented media landscape, there is a growing need for activities that engage consumer attention, connect to their passion points and feature a strong digital and social component. These are areas in which CMG shines. And were looking forward to more strong performance from that group. McCann Worldgroup posted strong results. We have consistently called out the great progress that McCann has made in terms of creative product and reputation, which now range at the top among the global advertising networks. The collaboration among McCann, MRM, Momentum and McCann Healthcare has also been tracking very well. And were seeing significant integrated cross selling wins from existing Worldgroup clients, which is a kind of organic growth that can be most readily converted into increased profitability. McCann has been an important driver of our improved performance in Continental Europe. And the networks progress in Middle East and Africa are also notable, as they position us for longer term growth in these promising regions. MullenLowe remains very active in new business, posting significant wins such as E-Trade, Hyatt Hotels and Chipotle. The agencies hyper bundle model is now up and running in key international markets including London, Shanghai and India where MullenLowe is a top-five agency. Hyper bundling ensures that MullenLowes creative excellence is informed and enhanced by integrated digital, media and activation talent, which makes the agency strategies and campaigns more effective in the marketplace. At FCB, were seeing further progress in the Chicago headquarters office, which integrates strong consumer advertising, digital and shopper markets capabilities. FCB in Toronto and London is also a center of excellence, as well the agencies operations in India. FCB Health continues to be a strong driver of growth and a leader in its space. Were also pleased to see FCB/SIX, one of the agencies operations in Canada, recently recognized as a digital stand out in Adweeks Agencies 3.0 list, which called out the shops ability to use data, CRM and video storytelling to seamlessly create real time messages, personalized for any audience. Our integrated US independents made news during the quarter on a new business front with wins like Phillips 66 at Carmichael Lynch and Party City at Hill Holliday. Both of those agencies also announced senior internal management promotions at the president or CEO level, which will ensure top management continuity. Deutsch won 7-Eleven title, [ph] the maker of Bluetooth-enabled location devices. Were looking for new ways to combine the strong offerings of these agencies with the terrific digital capabilities that Huge, our outstanding digital specialist agency which during the quarter won important new assignments from Verizon and United Technology. This should allow us to deliver even more powerful solutions to domestic clients. During the quarter, we also made a significant announcement regarding increased investment to further enhance our data and analytics capabilities. Reporting directly into IPG, Mediabrands new Chief Data and Marketing Technology Officer will be charged with driving a more centralized data and technology infrastructure that can support all of our agencies, across the holding company. By combining online and offline data sets and consolidating partnerships with third parties, we can build tools that allow us to better target high-value audiences, refine our strategies and messaging across every communication discipline, and prove the value of all our ideas and marketing programs, which will keep us highly relevant in todays media environment. As I mentioned previously, another way in which we can ensure that we stay at top of mind with clients, is our ability to deliver integrated solutions. We were early to identifying this as a strategic priority and have been refining our open architecture model for close to a decade. Unlike our competitors, we dont disrupt the power of agency brands; instead, we get the best talent from across the group working together in flexible teams that are custom-built for each client situation or challenge. Were seeing the benefits of this approach on a number of our most important existing global clients, particularly in the pharma and tech industries. Looking forward, its possible to make too much of Q1, given that its a smallest quarter and that means percentages can fluctuate even when the absolute numbers are not large. But, we see the results that we are sharing today as indicative of a solid step into 2017. Our offerings are strong and we show vigilance on cost and appropriate margin conversion. As a result, we believe that we remain well-positioned to achieve our full year targets of organic revenue in the 3 to 4% range and to improve operating margin by an additional 50 basis points relative to 2016 levels. Combined with the strength of our balance sheet and our commitment to capital return, that means there is significant potential for value-creation and enhance shareholder value. As always, we thank you for your time and support, and we look forward to keeping you posted on our progress during the course of the year. With that, Ill open up the floor to questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMC. Your line is now open.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. Just a couple of questions; I guess, the first one is on the ongoing robust growth you continue to see in Continental Europe. I just want to drill down a further. You gave some great color by countries. But does it influence by your success in new business wins or are you seeing that sort of just an industry-wide growth? And then, are you able to utilize your NOLs now that youre seeing very healthy growth in that region now for three quarters, I believe? And then, just a follow-up question, just on your verticals; you highlighted retail being particularly strong. I guess, if you can sort of reconcile that with the weakness were seeing in the retail industry. I guess, why is it particularly strong for you when the sector is struggling and any above average sort of pricing pressure on the consumer package with clients? Thanks.
Michael Roth: All of that?
Alexia Quadrani: Sorry.
Michael Roth: Thats okay; thats fine. By the way, let me just reference that that was not my phone that went off [multiple speakers]. All right. First on Continental Europe. Again, as you know, in Continental Europe, its roughly 8% of our revenue and UK is 9%. Its significant, but not that significant. So, therefore, particular client wins has an impact on those positive results. So, I would say that in answer to the question, we had -- McCann in particular and Mediabrands had some nice wins in those markets, and were seeing the effect of those wins. Were not raising a big flag as a big recovery in Continental Europe, which I think is the just of your question. And as far as the UK goes, that is solid gains across the board including our PR businesses and so on. So, we do draw a distinction between strength in the UK and the positive results were seeing in Continental Europe, both obviously contributed to our overall performance. On your question on the verticals, our biggest vertical continues, both on a worldwide and the U.S. basis is healthcare, it continues to be a very strong discipline for us and were seeing very strong growth both out of FCB and McCann Health. So, thats very encouraging and we see that as a continuing factor in our growth going forward. As far as retail goes, its unique to our client servicing. These are not the retail clients for example. If you see, for example, the retail department stores in the U.S., which youre reading so much about. Here were seeing particularly healthy, [ph] McCann won some business at Staples and of course Amazon we characterize as retail. So, those are the key factors in our growth. We dont have significant exposure to the retail organizations that youre reading about every day in the newspapers. And by the way, obviously our NOLs that you correctly point out are in Europe. And as we see profitability in Europe, we will continue to use those NOLs to offset on a cash tax basis, which is one of the reasons why youll see our effective tax rate -- cash tax rate being less than our effective already. So thats positive for us and that continues to, as you know, go on for many years in terms of the availability. CPG, that one obviously we are seeing some pressure from clients like everyone else in terms of pricing and cutbacks. I see the opportunity on CPG because a lot of these multi-national clients in particular use hundreds of different agencies and they embarked on significant cost containment. And we are positioned and I think our clients position is that consolidation of all these different agencies with a number of key providers will provide a lot of the efficiencies that they are looking for. So we see that -- one obviously there is pressure on fees and its important for us to watch our cost profile as associated with that in efficiencies but also as an opportunity for us to pick up some new brands. And hopefully that will mitigate somewhat the pricing pressures that were seeing at CPG. That said, food and beverage was slightly positive on a worldwide basis for us whereas the consumer goods was in fact negative.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of John Janedis from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
John Janedis: Thank you. Frank, it sounds like an old landline phone. Two questions. One is, Michael you spoke to the tone of business, your target assumes an organic acceleration this year. And I was wondering to what extent youre assuming wins to hit that target or do you -- your client conversations give you that comfort? And then, maybe separately bigger picture, as you know, there has been some concern in the market around competition from consultants, the CPG vertical you spoke to and then disintermediation of the agencies. So, with the US organic that you put out today and then I guess your peers in the first quarter and appreciating the comp, can you talk about why that these things may or may not be premature?
Michael Roth: Yes. First of all, 63% of our business is in US, so that helps us. We see -- not a high growth rate in the US but moderate rate, low single digits, which as we said in the past, 3 or 4% organic growth, we should be able to continue to expand our margins. So, in the US, were very strong across our media offerings, our independent agencies come in here, as well as our digital and creative capabilities and PR businesses in US. So that gives us a degree of comfort in our forecast at 3 to 4%. And our wins and losses were net new business positive. We did see in the first quarter, we did have to cycle through two losses, particularly in the US being Sprint on the creative side and USAA. So, were seeing somewhat of an impact of that in the first quarter but we do have net new business coming on board. So, I would view the headwinds and tailwinds on a full year basis at this point as relatively neutral which is good because those two losses we want to -- its good that were able to overcome that. And we have a lot of potential new business in the pipeline. Our pipeline is solid. What you dont read about our new business wins within existing multi-national clients, particularly on the healthcare side, those we dont announce but given the strong capabilities we have both at FCB and McCann, we did see nice wins in those organizations and clients where we do have open architecture structures and those are contributing to our net new business. You just dont see that, for example in the Alexias [ph] releases where she puts the scorecard of net wins and losses, our existing client base continues to be primary source for organic growth for us and thats not reflected in the new business tables.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Cahall from Royal Bank of Canada. Your line is now open.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. Maybe first a few questions just on the media space; you talked about that as being a growth driver in the quarter. And I know there has been both, some wins and losses over the last few and some pipeline. So, I guess, number one do you expect to be net new business positive in media for the year and expect it to continue to be a growth driver? And then, on the traditional side, I was just wondering, if youre seeing any fee pressure there? Is that something that weve heard about around traditional media buying? And maybe you can tie that into the investments that you talked about earlier and to the extent to which media buying and media planning are now increasingly integrated with the clients or whether theyre splitting that business up? And then, as follow-on, I was just wondering if you could comment on the recent announcement by Google to block ads, and do you think that will have any impact on Cadreon as we move through the year? Thank you.
Michael Roth: First of all, John, I didnt answer one of your questions. So, let me get back to that. The question of competition from other sources. Yes, the convergence is out among all different whether itd be consultants out there; where itd be the other digitals; whether itd be the system integrators that are out there that are providing various services. We have not seen them in a big way. Every once in a while, we will see them on the digital side of the business and normally, frankly we do pretty well against them. So, I think, what I mentioned in my remarks is that our integrated offering and our creative firepower is something at this point gives us a strong advantage over those system integrators, if you will. That said, five years or six years from now, the landscape is going to change, maybe potentially youll see us partnering with some of these. These are all, its a changing anticipating landscape out there, but what we do bring to the table is the firepower on the creative side of the business. And what we offer to those type of individuals in terms of the diverse client base, innovative thinking, the ability to reach across all the different agencies at IPG, thats a pretty compelling case to be made for strong creative talent. And weve been very successful bringing some real top notch talent within our organization. That coupled with the media side of the business, which we can bring on an integrated offering is something that these other providers dont have and we use that. And we do believe that the integration of media and creative talent, for example when MullenLowe is doing on the hyper bundling is really what clients are looking for and which is why on the media side of the business were seeing a lot of action out there in terms of clients, not clients, actually a lot of the reviews that are out there are not existing clients. And we see the integration as a key factor both in buying and planning, which is why we think our investments in data analytics across all of IPG really position us well in terms of the response what are clients are looking for on the media side of the business.
Steven Cahall: Are you increasingly seeing those RFPs tied together between planning as well as the buying?
Michael Roth: Yes. And right now -- it used to be -- there are still clients out there that bifurcate buying and planning. And because they view -- media guys, I wanted to say this. They view buying as more of a commodity and theyre just looking for the best price. But I think its a pretty compelling argument that buying and planning should be together because we can come up with the best media plan there is. And if it isnt executed properly on the buying side, the effectiveness is really diminished and really is helpful to have the buying media and the planning, sitting in the same room working together. And there are occasions that we do that. So, its not that we cant do it but I think clients are beginning to realize that there is an added value to putting the two of them together. And then, if you add on top of that the ability to bring in our creative and other offerings across the different disciplines, its a compelling argument as to why the model that we use, the open architecture model brings the best value as well as the expertise to the clients. Fee pressure is something is getting a lot of -- since Ive been in the business, what weve been talking about is fee pressure. Whether you call it zero based budgeting, whether you call it value pricing, whatever you want to call it, there is always pressure. Clients want more for less. And if I was a client, I would be doing exactly that. And its incumbent to us to show that the work that we do actually moves the needle and which is why the data analytics part, why were making such a big strong effort on the centralized data and analytics across all the disciplines with an IPG because that really makes the case that what we do works and it encourages our clients to invest in what we do to move the needle. So, even if its a difficult competitive environment, these clients have to spend money on advertising. And if we can show the return on investment for the money that they are spending, they are going to spend it. And although theyll want -- price it most efficiently and get the best deals as they can, if we can prove that what were doing is adding value, then theyre going to spend their money and its going to be incumbent on us to make our margins. And frankly youve seen us do that. Weve been talking about price pressures now for years and we continue to expand margin at 50 basis points. So, we still believe the opportunity is there for us to continue to expand margin even with the pressures on the pricing. But there is pressure and it really puts the burden on us to make the case of what were doing is effective and efficient for our clients. Google and ad blocking, I mean thats -- someone is going to ultimately have to pay for all this stuff. And I know that marketplace like to see everything for nothing but in the end advertisers are going to spend money and theyre going to be -- they want to see the effectiveness. It puts the burden on us to be creative and innovative in storytelling, embedded content, different ways of reaching the consumer, the pop up ad, yes, youve got to see that blocked, frankly thank goodness because it gets to be annoying. But were much more advanced than that in our business right now. And the embedded content which is why everyone is investing in content and having partnerships on content really makes the case for developing relationship between the clients and the consumers. And thats really where we shine. We can use our creative capability, our technical capabilities and our distribution to make sure that that content is reaching the consumers with the right message.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of David Joyce from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open
David Joyce: Thank you. I was hoping you could help us think about how much your digital initiatives are helping the growth in the U.S. And then, from a broader perspective, where are your various international operations in rolling out and integrating digital versus where we are?
Michael Roth: Look, our digital capabilities are growing historically and overall at double-digit rate. So, its a strong engine for our growth. And we dont -- its hard to characterize them as digital agencies anymore. Theres been a convergence among all of our agencies. Our approach to digital has always been that its embedded in all of our activities. So, whether you do experiential, whether you do PR, whether you do traditional advertising, digital capabilities is embedded, which is why we dont have a separate silo as far as digital capabilities. On top of that, we do have digital -- historical digital capabilities in the R/GA a Huge, the MRM, the Proferos. These are original digital agencies, but they cover a broad spectrum of services. R/GA covers creative PR. I mean, they are full service agency candidly, but they have the connected space and the digital capabilities as part of their DNA, which is what makes their offering in Huge and the Proferos and the MRMs compelling, because they bring all of those expertise together. And frankly when they dont have, they reach out to other assets within IPG to put that all together. So digital is a critical growth. And if you look at where media is being spent, linear TV is not growing as rapidly as digital on the media side. And therefore, if all of our resources arent well-versed in digital capabilities, we couldnt put forth the numbers that were seeing. So, digital is going to continue to help grow most of our other businesses. And we make good margin on it. And its a great way to develop lasting relationships with clients because thats where the action is.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Peter Stabler from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Peter Stabler: Good morning. One for Michael and one for Frank. Michael, wondering if you could give us a little more color on the dispositions, you refer to them as non-strategic. I wonder if there is any sort theme in there. And then, Frank, couple of quarters ago, you talked about, how in terms of contract construction you were generally seeking to lower your exposure to pass-through revenues, given the fact that they can distort growth and the end call them out plus or minus every quarter; just wondering, if you cold update us. Have you seen a meaningful reduction in terms of contract construction in the pass-through; is this contributing to a bit of the margin growth? Wondering if you could help us think about that through the rest of the year. Thanks very much.
Michael Roth: Yes. On the dispositions, we did indicate that it had an impact of negative 1% on revenue. If you remember, last year, the ended of year, we announced that we were disposing of not-strategic assets. This isnt exit of a business line that weve seen, one of our competitors has that. This is small agencies and geographic regions that frankly they were either losing money or they were not relevant to the offerings, to the entity in which they were residing. So, its just basically cleaning up agencies that were not value-added, losing money and strategically not necessary. So, its not that we exited the business line; it was in geographic regions that were not efficient for us.
Frank Mergenthaler: And on a question around contracts, Peter, it primary relates to events business. We are trying to address new clients and move them into an agency relationship as opposed to a principal relationship, existing clients very difficult to shift. So, this will take some time; its not having a meaningful impact on margins.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. Michael, couple for you. I was curious programmatic was a big buzz word for us a couple of years ago, its still a big part of your business. And I guess as a complement to IPG, a lot of your competitors have shifted their model to look like yours and be more of an agency approach. So, now that thats happened. The bad news is it is perhaps less differentiated of an offer. Can you talk about what youre doing on the programmatic digital buying front to sort of stay ahead of competition, now that this kind of moves your way, for lack of a better phrase? And then, I had a follow-up.
Michael Roth: Id like to say they see the light. Actually more importantly, the clients have seen the light. This was more or less a response to the fact that what weve been saying all along is that we should act as an agent, not as a principal. So, there is an inherent conflict when youre doing the buyings programmatic, if youre selling inventory that you have an economic interest in it. And weve always said that that we do something we wouldnt do. And obviously, youre right. We use that as a differentiator in the various pitches. And clients are beginning to see that they shouldnt be giving away those profits. And therefore our approach which is a more client-centric approach is the right way to go. And so were appreciative of that. But its still a very important business for us. Lets say, we never took inventory. So, therefore its still a very high margin business for us. So that means the value service that were providing in the programmatic is something that clients appreciate and theyre willing to pay for it. And were expanding it on a global basis. Remember, this started out as the US based business and now its covering the world. The fact that we pulled out the data analytics and put it into reporting directly into fleet in the US side at the holding company level is indicative that we view this as a very strong component that will differentiate us in the marketplace and will be available, not just to our media businesses but all of our businesses. And when you look at the hyper bundling that weve been talking about where media and creative are coming together, this will be viewed as an integral part of the offering that our agencies have. So, I dont think programmatic dramatic is going away, I think it continues to be a growth vehicle for us. Yes, some clients have been taking it in-house. But this costs a lot of money to continue to evolve; we have to invest in it. Clients like to have it in-house but when it comes time to looking at efficiencies and investing in it, I think a lot of them will see that some of them may do -- is okay to have in-house but in terms of the changing landscape of programmatic, we offer something that is very difficult to do on an internal basis. So, it would be a combination of the two. So, we still view programmatic as a very important aspect of the business going forward.
Ben Swinburne: Got it. And then, just as a follow-up more on the macro, you look a lot of the I guess call it soft data out there whether its consumer confidence or a small business index, or a lot of the PMI data, still quite bullish. And I think a lot of verticals have been expecting some sort of cyclical balance including advertising, but were not really seeing it. Im curious, youve made some comments about sort of the political backdrop. And Id just love your thoughts as to whether you expect to see the spending trends sort of catch-up with the leading indicators or if this mismatch may persist for a while. I realize youre not an economist per se, but you talk to large advertisers; wed love to get your thoughts?
Michael Roth: Yes. I think everyone is -- we are experiencing everything that you read about. Everyone is expecting this rash of consumer confidence and spending and a lot of it is a function of whats going to happen frankly in Washington. And so, everyone is waiting and seeing, everyone is expecting to see some change, because obviously that was an important part of the platform. I think theyre beginning to see that its a little more difficult than they originally thought. But nonetheless, the consumers are spending, but I think there is some holdback, if you will, in terms of big companies committing to making big investments until these areas are resolved. So, there is disconnect between the market, stock market and the spend. I think potentially, if it all comes together, that will be a good pick-up for us as we go forward, as is tax rate change. I mean, forget about the consumers, just look at IPG, I mean, if you -- we are a tax payer in the U.S. and to the extent that there is a reduction in corporate taxes or individual taxes, which will help to consumers that all benefits us. So, were looking [ph] for that. And so I think its still a little bit of a wait and see. So, I agree, I think were going to still see disconnect there until some of this stuff really comes to fruition.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
Michael Roth: We still think that the 3% to 4% that were putting out for the year, we do this on a bottoms up basis, and we were not anticipating a big hockey stick in terms of consumer confidence to give the rise to that 3% to 4% growth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Salmon from BMO. Your line is now open.
Dan Salmon: Good morning, everyone. Michael, could we perhaps just return back to parts of your prepared remarks and then earlier questions on competition that the IT companies in particular? And there has been an increasing questions on them specifically. And this isnt a new trend; weve seen a lot of small deals going on for years. It doesnt seem like there has been a big increase there. But hiring trends are something that we see a little bit less of. So, I was curious if you could go pullback the curtain for us a little bit more, are you hiring more their people; are they hiring more of yours, has that changed whole a lot? And then maybe second, if I could return to the idea of their role in transacting media specifically. Accenture in the past month has been assigned as the sort of the manager of the open AP alliance between the three of other larger sellers of advertising and you also interestingly note that youll be their media agency going forward. So, kind of interesting perspective on what theyre doing with a new business on the sales side. But youre also tied with them shortly on the buy side. Id be curious about your high level views on how those companies play in media work?
Michael Roth: Yes. It just shows you, we can all get along. Everybody else would operate the same way. I think wed be in better shape. Yes. Look, as I say, they are -- look, whether itd be Accenture or any other consulting and as I say system integrators, theyre buying agencies. And I would do -- you already have the client, youre doing -- youre involved in their system integration; and to the extent that youve been having add-on from revenue, why not. And so, we do see them as continued competitors if you will in the space. But at this stage, they dont have the capabilities on the integrated offering that we have. And frankly, and Ive thrown this out that maybe its better if we partner with them than directly compete because we do bring unique expertise that they dont have yet, and why buy it when you can rent it. So, thats it. Just I throw that out as a potential. But nonetheless, we compete with them. And so far, were doing pretty well against it. And it will be interesting, if they are advising, as you say, the publishers, if you will, sellers of space, its hard to be on the other side of that. So, as we say, there is a convergence of everything coming together. And in the end, its going to be who has the best capabilities, who has the best insights, and who can bring it all together in a single source. And thats where I think we have a competitive advantage. Weve been operating under this open architecture now for 10 years. And frankly we know how to do that. And if youre sitting on the other side of the table, you can blow your brains out looking at all the different resources that are out there trying to sell you something. And if we can provide a single source capability thats best in class that puts them all together thats focused on the client, we dont have them building the hunt with respect to any of our assets, thats a pretty compelling case if I was sitting on the other side of the table. So, thats where we continue to place our bets. And by the way, we are going into the consultancy business. I said this before. But the consultancy part of the business is different. We are -- for example R/GA is already in business transformation, design capabilities, even structural type of advice. So yes, I mean, its a logical expansion of the fact that we have relationship with the clients, we know their business and we can really bring to the table creative, new, innovative ideas and call it what you will, partnering with these clients and being able to execute in this complicated environment is something that they want to see. And frankly were pretty well suited to do it. So, yes, theyre going to be out there but I think like I said in my prepared remarks, weve been expecting it and weve been building our assets to compete against it. That said, Accenture is a great client of ours, Im very happy to have him as a client. I committed to them that we will through the best we have at IPG to helping them achieve their goals and were on the same page.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet from Citi. Your line is now open.
Jason Bazinet: Thanks. Just a question for Mr. Roth. When I think of a company thats not growing super quickly, you can see working capital go negative, positive, but it usually nets out to zero if you give a firm enough time. And when I look to the sort of late-90s to 2006, thats indeed what happened at IPG, its positive, negative; positive, negative but it netted out to zero. The last ten years sort of 2006 to 2016, it was sort of minus $1 billionish. And over that same period, you generated about $3.7 billion of cash flows, so large as a percentage of your cash generation. Is there something indicative of how the business is changed in the 20-year period where it has become more working capital intensive or am I just looking at sort of the wrong two 10-year periods and drawing erroneous conclusions? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Well, I think the aspect of the media business has changed dramatically. And I think thats part of whats driving -- and thats why you see the seasonality of our own cash flows because a lot of our ins and outs on the cash flows is as a result of media. So, I think that had a big impact. Frankly, Im not as familiar about it -- Im new to this business relatively. So, the 10 years that you were talking about, I was a tax lawyer. But, right now, I think its a media business thats driving the cash flows and its -- and weve done a tremendous job in terms of working with our clients and working with our -- focus on cash flow. Were not a bank. And its a critical component of returns. So, I think were much better at it than we were 10 years ago as well. It wasnt the kind of focus that was -- in the end though, yes, we are generating a lot of cash flow; its a good. The good news about IPG is that that cash flow were returning to our shareholders. We didnt go out and do big transactions; thats another difference. In the all days, IPG and the other holding companies and there are some still do it, buy everything thats out there. And frankly, we were not participating in that. So, we took the excess cash flow in our business and we returned it to our shareholders in the form of buybacks and dividends. So, there arent any big transactions out there that we see that when we really have to use all of that cash to do. If there are, well look at it as any other transaction. But I think -- I hope that helps. But thats the dynamics of our business for example.
Jason Bazinet: Do you think on a go forward basis, if you go out long enough that the working capital on relations will be zero or do you think it sort of
Michael Roth: Eventually, of course, and unless the dynamics of our industry change dramatically which frankly were not going to do. So, thats the gist of your question. Clients would like us to be a bank but were not.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. You may go ahead and proceed.
Michael Roth: Okay. Well, thank you very much. As I said, this is the first quarter. Weve got a lot of work ahead of us and we are keeping our heads down to deliver on our results. Thank you so much.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. Thank you and you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerome J. Leshne - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc. Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc. Frank Mergenthaler - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Omar Sheikh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome J. Leshne - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 AM Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning as we review our results for the fourth quarter and 2016. As usual, I'll start out by covering the highlights of our performance as well as our outlook for the new year. Frank will then provide additional details and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by our Q&A. We're once again pleased to report strong performance for both the fourth quarter and full year. Among our financial highlights, organic revenue growth was 5.3% in the quarter, bringing full year organic growth to 5%, the top of range to which we had raised our growth target. In the fourth quarter, U.S. organic growth was 3.3% and was a very strong 4.7% excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenues. We grew organically in every region of the world during the quarter as well as the full year with very broad participation across all our agencies, disciplines and client sectors. It's worth highlighting that excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenues, worldwide organic growth was 6.4% in the quarter and outstanding results. Fourth quarter operating margin was 21.4%, an increase of 60 basis points from a year ago. Full year operating margin was 12%, an increase of 50 basis points from 2015, achieving our margin target for the year. 2016 full year diluted earnings per share were $1.49 and were $1.37 is adjusted for certain items, a 13% increase over comparable 2015 diluted earnings per share. The adjustments exclude certain gains and losses below operations in both years which are reflected in other expense due to the disposition of small, non-strategic businesses and certain discrete tax items. This morning, we're reporting on 2016, but it's worth noting that these accomplishments build on our company's strong record of organic growth and margin improvement over a number of years. In fact, over just the last three years in our very fast changing and competitive industry, we have achieved total organic revenue growth of 17%, which surpasses the performance of our principal peers. During that three-year span, we've increased the operating margin by 270 basis points, operating profit by $279 million or 42% and comparable diluted earnings per share by 76%. That's great performance and all of our people can take pride in these accomplishments. Their talent and the great work they do every day on behalf of our clients is what drives such terrific results in the marketplace and for our shareholders. We thank them for their hard work and dedication. It's important to note that concurrent with this very strong performance, we have sustained our investments in outstanding talent across our agencies as well as in the tools and capabilities that keep us on the leading edge of our businesses, especially, in the digital space and in key growth areas like data analytics, programmatic, creative and consulting services. At the same time, we've continued to return capital to our shareholders at significant and increasing levels. Returning to the fourth quarter, organic revenue growth was 5.3%, currency had a negative 2% impact on revenue, while net business disposition were negative 20 basis point. Regionally, as I mentioned, U.S. organic growth was 4.7% excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenues. International growth in the quarter was 7.8%, reflecting strong Q4 performance in every major international region. Q4 growth also reflects contributions from all major disciplines, including advertising, media and public relations. As we've seen all year long, we again had especially strong performance at digital specialist R/GA and Huge. And from our digital services embedded across the portfolio, whether in our media operations, public relations, at our integrated ad agencies and another specialty areas such as healthcare and shopper marketing. In addition to our digital specialists, a wide range of our agencies contributed to growth, led by Mediabrands, McCann, and Weber Shandwick, while the top performing client sectors in Q4 were healthcare, retail and food and beverage. Operating expenses in Q4 were again well-managed. Under our reported revenue growth of 3.1% in the quarter, our operating expenses increased 2.3%. The result was Q4 operating margin expansion of 60 basis points. For the full year, margin expansion of 50 basis points reflects strong leverage on our office and general expense, and on expenses for base payroll benefits and tax. Turning to share repurchase. During Q4, we've repurchased 5 million shares using $110 million. For the full year, we utilized $303 million for the repurchase of 13 million shares, which compares with $285 million in 2015. Our total share count eligible for dilution at year-end, decreased 2% compared to 2015. This activity builds on a program of consistent capital return that we initiated in 2011. Since that time, we've returned total of $3 billion to shareholders through a combination of common share dividends and repurchases and we have reduced our outstanding shares eligible for dilution by 28%. In addition, on the strength of our operating results, we're pleased to announce this morning, our board's decision to raise IPG's quarterly dividend by 20% to $0.18 per share. This marks our fifth consecutive year of higher dividends with annual increase of 20% or more, tripling our quarterly dividend per share over the last five years. We also announced that our board has authorized an additional $300 million for repurchase, combined with the $155 million remaining on our existing authorization as of the beginning of the year, this brings the total amount available for share repurchase to $455 million. These actions based on our operating success in recent years and IPG's substantial financial strength as well as the confidence in our future prospects. Turning to our outlook for 2017. It's encouraging to see our agencies competing so successfully in the marketplace. We continue to convert growth to operating profit at high levels and we remain committed to disciplined use of capital that can further drive shareholder value. As you can see in our results today, the tone of our business remains solid through year-end especially in the U.S., which is a key market for us. We all know that marketing is becoming increasingly complex and that our industry is undergoing transformation, which brings with it both risk and opportunity. And those of you who've been following us, know, we have for some time been transforming our company with the singular goal of helping clients navigate this increased complexity. Of course, our industry leading results over the past three years sets the bar that's much higher for comparable performance in 2017. But given the opportunities for our industry and the overall strength of our offerings, we are well-positioned to continue to deliver solid growth. From a macro standpoint, as we all know 2016 was a year of profound geopolitical change in key world markets, which has the potential to bring new uncertainties to the business world as we head into the new year. With respect to the U.S. and the UK, while these uncertainties bear watching, we have not to-date seen significant underlying changes to the solid demand for our services that has characterized the last few years. Beyond that, generally slow growth macro conditions in markets such as Brazil, Continental Europe and the Middle East continue to present challenges which we nonetheless overcame last year. On balance, for 2017, we are therefore targeting 3% to 4% organic growth. On a reported basis, our net business dispositions to-date will be a negative 90 basis points to our top line. It's worth noting, however, that our dispositions were either unprofitable or non-strategic, and that we will be stronger in the long run on account of these actions. Our estimates are that FX at current rates, should impact our top line as well as our operating expenses by approximately a negative 1% for the full year. Along with this level of growth, we expect to continue to build on a longstanding record of operating margin expansion. We are targeting an additional 50 basis points of margin improvement in 2017, which would bring us to 12.5%, closing in on our objective of 13% operating margin. As always, as the year unfolds, we will regularly review our perspective with you during our quarterly calls. In sum, we believe that the drivers of shareholder value, creation and growth, margin expansion, and capital returns remain in place and we'll continue to work well at Interpublic as we enter a new year. At this stage, I'll turn things over to Frank for additional detail on our performance and then I'll return on an update and highlights of our business. Frank?
Frank Mergenthaler - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. As a reminder, I'll be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On slide 2, you'll see a summary of our results. Fourth quarter organic growth was 5.3%, U.S. organic growth was 3.3% and was 4.7% excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenue. International organic growth was 7.8% with increases across all regions. For the full year organic growth was 5% and all regions increased organically. Q4 operating margin was 21.4% compared with 20.8% a year ago. For the full year operating margin expanded 50 basis points to 12% and operating profit increased 8%. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share was $0.78 and was $0.75 excluding expense of $0.06 per share for business dispositions, which is reflected pre-tax in our other expense line and also excluding the impact of certain discrete items that benefited our tax provision and totaled $0.09 per share. Full-year diluted EPS was $1.49 per share and would have been $1.37 per share excluding losses on dispositions and the benefit of certain discrete items in our tax provision. We repurchased 13 million shares for $303 million during the year. As Michael mentioned, we announced this morning that our board has once again significantly increased our common share dividend by 20% to $0.18 per share quarterly and added $300 million to our share repurchase authorization. Turning to slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Here it's worth noting a few below line items. First, the $25 million of net expense from business dispositions is reflected in our other expense line below operating income and it's primarily non-cash. Second, our effective tax rate as reported in the quarter was low at 24.1%, adjusted for the dispositions and for discrete tax items, our adjusted effective tax rate was 31.2%. For the full year, our adjusted tax rate was 33.4%. As you can see our tax rate continues to be volatile from year-to-year. This is due to the utilization of loss carry-forwards and adjusting valuation allowances based on sustained operating performance. As our profitability continues to improve around the world, our underlying trend is toward a lower effective consolidated tax rate. Accordingly, we expect our normalized effective rate will be in the range of 35% to 36% in 2017, which is a couple of percentage points better than we've targeted in recent years. It's also worth noting here that our cash tax rate 2016 was 29% of pre-tax income, which is also our expected 2017 tax rate. Turning to revenue on slide 4. Fourth quarter revenues $2.26 billion compared to Q4 2015, the impact of changes in exchange rates was a negative 2%, while net dispositions were negative 20 basis points, the resulting organic revenue increase was 5.3%. Revenue growth for the full-year was 3.1%, consisting a 5% organic growth and a positive 20 basis points from net acquisitions, while currency was a negative 2.1%. Our organic pass-through revenue decreased $24 million in Q4. Excluding that impact, organic growth would have been 6.4%. For the full year, our organic pass-through revenue decreased $17 million organically and reduced organic growth by 20 basis points. These pass-through revenues are in our events, sports and direct marketing businesses and changes in pass-through revenues are offset dollar-for-dollar by changes in our O&G expense. As you can see on the bottom half of this slide, Q4 organic growth at our Integrated Agency Network segment was 6.7%, led by Mediabrands, McCann, R/GA and Huge. At our CMG segment, our marketing services specialists, a decrease in pass-through revenue weighed on organic growth in the quarter. Excluding that effect, CMG's organic growth was a solid 4.7% in the quarter, led by mid single-digit performance by our public relations agencies. For the full year, you see that organic growth rates were 5.3% IAN, and 3.6% at CMG. Moving onto slide 5, revenue by region. In the U.S., Q4 organic growth was 3.3% and was 4.7% excluding the change in pass-through revenues on top of 6.2% a year ago. These are led by IPG Mediabrands as well as Huge, R/GA and MullenLowe. Pass-through revenues decreased due to the timing, projects and our events business. Among client sectors, healthcare was our growth leader and food and beverage was also strong. For the full year, U.S. organic growth was 4.4% with increases across all of our principal disciplines in most client sectors, including food and beverage, tech and telecom, healthcare, retail, and government services. Turning to the international markets, the UK grew 11.7% organically in Q4. It's our notably strong performance at a number of our agencies, notably Mediabrands, R/GA, Jack Morton and McCann. For the full year, UK organic growth was 8.5% and was still strong at 5% including the impact of higher pass-through revenue. Total revenue growth was 1.2% which includes both the positive impact of acquisitions in the market, and negative impact of FX when the pound starts depreciation. In Continental Europe, we had another double-digit quarter with 11.1% organic growth, held by new business wins. Among our largest markets, we had very strong growth in Germany and Spain, while France and Italy decreased. For the full-year, organic growth for Continental Europe was 5.7%. In Asia-Pacific, organic revenue growth was 7.5% Q4 on top of 7.9% a year ago. We had double-digit increase in three or four largest markets, India, China and Japan. Australia grew in the mid single-digits. We had growth across most of our agencies including Mediabrands, McCann, MullenLowe and Weber Shandwick. For the year, organic growth in the region is 1.7%, would have been 4% if not regional decrease in the pass-through revenues. In LatAm, we grew 5% organically in the quarter. We continue to see strong performance in Argentina, Mexico, Chile and Colombia, which offset the decrease in Brazil. Our growth in the regions led by Mediabrands, Huge and R/GA. For the year, organic growth was 12.2%, a strong growth in all of our major country markets. In our other markets group, organic revenue growth was 90 basis points in the quarter. This group is made up of Canada, the Middle East and Africa. For the year, organic growth was 4.8%, a very strong performance from Canada. On slide 6, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12 month basis. The most recent data point is 5% for calendar year 2016 on top of 6.1% in 2015 and 5.5% in 2014. As Michael mentioned, this is industry leading performance. Moving on to slide 7, operating expenses, which remained well controlled in the fourth quarter. Total operating expenses increased 2.3% compared with reported revenue growth of 3.1%. For the full year operating expenses grew 2.5% supporting revenue growth of 3.1%. Our ratio of total salaries and related expenses to revenue for the full year was 64.2% compared with 63.8% a year ago. Underneath that we continue to drive efficiencies on our investment and base payroll, benefits and tax, which is our largest cost catered, 10 basis points of operating leverage for the year and 30 basis points excluding the impact of lower pass-throughs. Our expense for incentive compensation increased in 2016 to 4% of revenue from 3.7% in 2015. That was mainly driven by the increased expense of our long-term incentive comp programs, a reflection of strong operating performance over the past three years, against both our revenue and operating margin targets. Expense for temporary labor was 3.7% of revenue for the full year 2016 compared with 3.6% a year ago. Severance expense was 0.9% of revenue the same levels a year ago. Our other salaries and related categories 3% of revenue compared with 2.9% in 2015. Year end head count was approximately 49,800, an increase of 1.3% from a year ago, while average head count over the course of 2016 increased 2.4%. As you'd expect head count increased in growth areas of our portfolio including digital services, media, P&R and a support of new business wins. Turning to ops and general expense, O&G was 23.8% of full-year revenue compared with 24.7% a year ago giving us 90 basis points of operating leverage. For the year, we continue to drive leverage across our O&G categories. The exception was occupancy expense where it benefited from a one-time credit 2015, as we have previously described. We had 20 basis points of leverage on our expense for T&E, office supply and telecom as well as 10 basis points on professional fees. In addition, we had 80 basis points of leverage on our category of all other O&G expense, as pass-through expenses decreased from a year ago along with the related revenue. As I mentioned in connection with revenues, pass-through expenses are primarily in our events, sports, direct marketing disciplines. On slide 8, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12 month basis with most recent data point at 12%. We have made sustained and significant gains. There is still work to be done and we remain highly focused on attaining our long-term goal. Turning to slide 9, we present more detail on below the line adjustments to our reported fourth quarter results, in order to give you a better picture of comparable performance, with a loss in the quarter of $25 million in other expense related to disposition of a few small non-strategic businesses. The after tax impact was $0.06 per share. As you can see, the impact of the new accounting standard for share-based compensations was de minimis in the quarter. Moving to the right hand on the slide, we recorded benefit in the amount of $37 million for U.S. federal tax credits, which benefited from our diluted earnings per share by $0.09. Result this fourth quarter adjusted diluted EPS $0.75 per share. Slide 10 depicts similar adjustments for the full year 2016, again for comparability. You can see our loss of $0.10 per share, diluted share for business dispositions are benefited $0.03 per share for the new accounting standard, a share-based compensation with a benefit of $0.11 per share for U.S. federal tax credits. In addition, valuation allowance reversals related to business sales were a benefit of $0.03 per share. We also released tax reserves upon the conclusion of previous year's tax examinations, which is a benefit of $0.06 per share, result is an adjusted full year diluted EPS of $1.37. Turning to slide 11, the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the year with $1.1 billion of cash and short-term marketable securities, which compared to $1.51 billion a year ago. We returned $542 million to shareholders during the year, through share repurchase and common stock dividends. Under current liabilities, the increase to the current portion of long-term debt reflects the upcoming maturity of our $300 million, 2.25% notes due in November of this year. On slide 12, return on cash flow for the full year. Cash from operations in 2016 was $513 million compared to $689 million a year ago. The comparison includes $414 million used in working capital compared with the use of $99 million a year ago. It is not unusual for working capital to be volatile from year-to-year due to the timing of collections and payments in our media business. Investing activities used $268 million in the year including $201 million for CapEx and $52 million for acquisitions. CapEx was above the level of the prior year in our recent run rate due to a number of large agency moves during 2016. Financing activities used $666 million, mainly $303 million for the repurchase of our common stock, $238 million for common stock dividends. 2016, our net decrease in cash and marketable securities was $409 million. Slide 13 is the long view of our debt decreasing from $2.3 million in 2007 to our current debt total of $1.69 billion at the end of 2016. Slide 14, shows the total of our average basic plus diluted shares over time, that the far rights of the total as of year-end 2016. Our average total shares decreased by $156 million shares over this period, well our starting position for 2017 is $402 million on the right. In summary, on slide 15, we are pleased with our performance in the quarter and the year. Our teams executed very well, achieving strong revenue growth while maintaining expense discipline. And our balance sheet continues to be a meaningful source of value creation as evident in the actions announced by our board today. That leaves us well positioned entering 2017. With that, I'll turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Thank you, Frank. Well, obviously we're pleased to have achieved very strong results across the board for 2016. Digital activity across all of the agencies continues to be a significant driver of our success. And we continue to see the benefits of the major strategic decision we made some time ago to embed digital expertise with all of our agencies. The other strategic priority that has fueled us is a longstanding commitment to investing in people and creating a differentiated culture that draws so many of the industry's best and most entrepreneurial talent to our group. Our commitment to diversity and inclusion is an integral part of our culture and we remain focused on diversity as a key ingredient to success in a global ideas business. We all know that our industry is changing at a rapid pace. As you'd expect, we regularly monitor activity in adjacent sectors and among potential new entrants into our space, so as to ensure that we continue to develop our integrated model and deliver a range of emerging services to our clients. As mentioned briefly in my opening remarks, we've led the industry in organic growth from 2014 to 2016. During that time, we have organically added $1.2 billion of revenue at Interpublic, although some of that has not been reflected in our reported results on account of the negative effects of currency. Amplifying this organic revenue growth as a standalone entity, $1.2 billion company would be among the 15 largest marketing services providers in the world. It would rank close to the size of the marketing operations of the leading consultancies and we've accomplished that in just the past three years. This doesn't mean we should feel any less driven to keep evolving the IPG offerings. But, it does demonstrate how well positioned we are to continue innovating and remain highly relevant to marketers in today's competitive and complex media environment. What's more, unlike some of the new competition, we could increasingly be facing, we enjoy the significant added benefit of a full portfolio of best-in-class offerings that we can integrate and add to our digital services including creative, media and high growth specialty capabilities such as PR, healthcare marketing and CRM shopper marketing. Consistent with recent years during 2016, we also demonstrated our ability to remain focused on and deliver against our stated financial targets. Our record of sustained long-term margin improvement is something we're very proud of, as is the fact that we've made such great progress in terms of the company's balance sheet and its overall financial strength. Our capital return programs continue to be significant drivers of value. And, last year, we surpassed the $3 billion threshold in total returns to our owners since reinstituting these programs in 2011. Our board's decision today to increase the dividend and add to our share repurchase program shows a continued commitment to return value to our shareholders as well as confidence in our future prospects. I'd like to turn now to the performance at our agency levels in order to provide a progress report on the key developments within our portfolio. At Mediabrands, UM closed the year with an impressive wins as Fitbit and Hulu, which was an integrated effort with other IPG agencies as well as Tim Hortons, a major win in Canada to start the new year. We saw new leaders join to head up the EMEA and Asia-PAC regions, as well as new global leaders for Initiative and Reprise. As indicated previously, Mediabrands is the place where we will continue to further focus and invest behind our already considerable data and analytic capabilities, which we believe will become the data stack and platform that would serve all of our agencies and their clients, as we push for even more accountability in our marketing programs. R/GA saw major award wins in significant new business such as Mercedes-Benz and Siemens, as well as further expansion in terms of its service offerings, notably in capabilities like business transformation consultancy and the connected office space. The agency launched at its first UK based accelerator program and more recently we're pleased to announce that the first R/GA Venture Studio program cosponsored by Snap and IPG to focus on marketing tech and the rapidly growing mobile advertising. Huge posted another year of very strong growth with leading edge capabilities in user experience design as well as strong tech development teams that are key to building the platforms for many of their clients' digital and e-commerce businesses. McCann Worldgroup posted strong results, fueled by growth with existing clients and continued improvements that have made them a standout in global multi-disciplined marketing solutions. The agency's global creative is surging as well. They had the single most awarded campaign at Cannes, and two out of the Festival's five biggest winners. Their amazing work for Lockheed Martin implementing a group VR experience for a virtual field trip to Mars, shows how much can be done when you connect great marketing ideas and technology expertise on behalf of the brand. CMG also continued to deliver strong results and outstanding creative work as well as taking further share in the PR space. Weber Shandwick's acquisition of Flipside, a specialized mobile and social agency out of London, with strong development capabilities will ensure that they increase the lead they already enjoy over most of their competitors in the digital space. All across the agencies in CMG play important roles in an integrated IPG engagements on our top 20 clients. MullenLowe posted improving results including very positive trajectory at its core U.S. business and played a lead role in our open architecture model in our wins at Harley-Davidson and Western Union. Profero continued to perform well and their same senior team stepped up into new leadership roles within core MullenLowe operations, which will help to drive further digitization of the agency's hyper bundled model going forward. At FCB, there were notable new additions of key talents across the network. The agency prevailed in the highly competitive Clorox consolidation pitch, and performance at its headquarter Chicago agency was strong, in terms of both business results and a significantly enhanced creative reputation. FCB Health also continues to be a standout agency, which features prominently in the agency's overall success. Our U.S. independents round out our portfolio, each has a range of services that it can deliver on an integrated standalone basis to major clients or as part of a customized, open architecture IPG solution. As Deutsche does on our Global J&J ACUVUE business. The Martin Agency on the global OREO account or Hill Holliday on the consumer side of the number of J&J former engagements. Carmichael Lynch also had a very successful year, and we look forward to including them in more integrated teams on a go forward basis. As you know, we focused on delivering on the vision of open architecture for nearly a decade. Although this is become something that all of our competitors are talking about, we continue to feel that our approach seeks to integrate the best of our talent across the organization by means of fully customized and seamless teams is a differentiate for us. We look forward to additional opportunities to develop this model for existing clients and utilize it in the pursuit of new business. It's clear from our overall results that the quality of our offerings is at the highest level in many years. Globally at major competitions ranging from the Cannes to the EPPYs our agencies are recognized with the highest honest and our group performance is outstanding. This includes regional award shows, as well as those for specialties ranging from sports marketing to promotional and shopper marketing, PR, healthcare marketing and more. In the recently released Ad Age A-List, we were the only holding company with multiple agencies in the top 10, and also at the top end of the industry in terms of the range of marketing services honored and recognized. Looking forward, despite macroeconomic and political uncertainty, the tone of the business remains sound. New business activity is solid. The breadth and strength of our portfolio positions us well to participate in most all pitch opportunities, and there is growth to be had by addressing the emerging needs of our existing clients. In light of these factors, we believe that we should continue to see competitive organic revenue performance and we are therefore targeting the 3% to 4% for 2017. Along with this level of growth, we expect to further improve operating margin by an additional 50 basis points, which will result in 2017 operating margin of 12.5%. Combined with the strength of our balance sheet and our consistent commitment and proven record, when it comes to capital return, that means that they remain significant potential value creation and enhance shareholder value. As always, we thank our clients, our people who've been the foundation for our long-term success, and we look forward to updating you on our progress at our first quarter's call. With that, I'll open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is coming from the line of Alexia Quadrani of JPMorgan. You may now ask your question.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. Just two questions if I may. First is, Michael, if you could provide a bit more color on what you're seeing in the U.S. ad market, it's been a big area of focus given the big swings from Q3 to Q4 and then of course, your standout performance versus some of your peers that have already reported. I guess with Q3 an anomaly and would you sort of expect we'll resume to more normalized organic growth for this year kind of in line with your overall guidance for 2017?
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Yeah. Well, thank you, Alexia. Yeah. I think our standout performance is obvious in our results. We consistently say this, we look at it on a full year basis. I know we try to meet your objectives in terms of modeling on a quarter-by-quarter basis, but clients don't operate that way. So as we said in the third quarter when we were a little softer in the third quarter, what we said was we saw some softening in our healthcare business and we had some deferrals if you will going into the fourth quarter due to some of the accounting rules on new business. So we believe if you look at on a full year basis, our performance in the U.S. after pass-throughs of 4.8% is pretty impressive and that's indicative of the fact that the tone of the business in the fourth quarter was pretty solid. The one area in the fourth quarter that we did see some pullback was on some project based businesses, particularly in the events. But we did see a recovery in the U.S. in the fourth quarter and it's really not a recovery, what we saw, what we expected to see for the full year. And so, as a result, we did not see the softening that some of our competitors see in the U.S. market. The U.S. market continues to be 61% of our business overall, that will fluctuate from 60% to 62%, but obviously it's important. All of our businesses in the U.S. are very strong, particularly our digital agencies, our media agencies, our independent agencies as well as obviously, McCann, FCB, and MullenLowe had a good result in New York and U.S. So overall we're confident in the U.S. And, as the U.S. economy continues to grow, hopefully, we will see the benefits of that. So the tone continues to be solid.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. And then, Michael, I also noticed in your opening comments or in your comments earlier, you mentioned consultants and sort of the new competition or competition from consultants.
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Right.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Can you give us a sense on I guess how much more you're bumping into them or competing with them? And, is it a different kind of competition or is there just one of another group of competitors that you always deal with?
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Actually we have not seen head-to-head competition with them in most of our businesses. So, a lot of the stories are more anecdotal. But a lot of these consultants are already at our clients, and they're doing system integration. And so, while they're doing the system integration, they've added digital capabilities and some of them have bought creative agencies to try to encroach on our space, if you will. But, what they cannot do is circling on the creative side. They're not going to have the firepower that we have across all of our agencies. Just look at the awards at McCann, at FCB, at MullenLowe, on the creative side of our businesses. And on a head-to-head basis, they're not going to be able to compete on the creative side. And, the other key aspect of the integrated offering, which we bring to the table. That includes media, PR, digital, experiential. So I don't see these system integrators being capable of competing with us if we deliver that integrated offering, which is why our open architecture model is so important in the competitive environment, because head-to-head they just can't possibly bring in all of these resources. So I view it as some way down the road that consultancy more in the business transformation side of the equation is where they're going to be making some in roads. And as a result, we are  we have frankly beefing up our areas on business transformation, R/GA has gotten a lead on that in terms of their practice and we see it in the strong results and frankly if you look at the right up of why they will pick this among the Ad Age A agencies. The fact that they moved into that space was a good indication of their vision and frankly, we believe that's a space that all of our agencies are going to have capabilities in.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jaime Morris of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Yeah, hi. It's actually John Janedis. Two questions for you guys. One is, I know it's small piece of the business, Michael, but the two quarters in Europe were I think the best in at least 10 years. And so I wanted to ask, was the driver a couple of large account wins and how do you feel about your market share going forward? And then separately, as you know, a few weeks ago there was the news on the DoJ investigation. I don't think you speak to that directly, but I was wondering if as a result, you changed any of your practices as it relates to the bidding process or production broadly? Thanks.
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: All right. Thank you. John. Well first of all, as I said, look we're very pleased with the results in Continental Europe. It represents 9% of our overall business and I've said in the past when our results were not that good in Continental Europe, we are not as big compared to the rest of our portfolio. So client wins and losses have an impact on our performance, and fortunately between Mediabrands and McCann, we've had some good wins in Continental Europe including all the  at McCann, and we're seeing the positive results of that. That said, I don't believe given the economic environment in Continental Europe, that we can continue to deliver high single digit results in that marketplace, especially our comps get a little harder as we go forward. But the good news about it is, A, with positive results in Continental Europe, we get to use some of our NOLs, which is reflected in our effective cash tax rate, which is a good thing and our effective rate. It also  we're expanding some margin in Continental Europe, so all of that is positive. But I wouldn't say that we should continue to have, I hope it's true, but we should continue to have the kind of the growth that we've seen in Continental Europe. We still think Continental Europe is going to be facing some issues. And therefore we're not counting on a full recovery in Continental Europe, but it's great to have some great clients in Continental Europe as a base for our business there. As far as the Department of Justice, as you know, we were the first ones to come out and publicly announced the receipt of the subpoenas, if you will. We had at one local agency in the United States. And after that, all of our competitors in the holding companies have received similar request. As I said before, we're certainly giving them whatever material we're collaborating as best we can. We have a  first of all it's not a big part of our business. In this case, it has to do with video production. Production is in the low single digits of our entire business. And in this case, it's video production, and we do have a process of triple bidding if you will, we stick to that. At this point, we haven't changed significantly our internal policies, because we already have internal policies that we believe are very strong. And we'll cooperate and see where this leads us, but we haven't seen any much action on that other than what you've read.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: All right. Thank you.
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Peter Stabler of Wells Fargo. You may now ask your question.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for the questions. A couple if I could. Michael, going back to the dispositions, I think you mentioned 90 bps, and just want to confirm that that's based on  that impact is based on actions to-date. Looking ahead through the remainder of the year, would you anticipate further dispositions and then wondering if you could give us a little more color on  you said non-strategic or unprofitable, but is there any sort of theme to the types of companies in terms of the services they provide that you are disposing of. And then secondly, wondering if you could just, Frank, briefly touch on the source of leverage, I might have missed it in 2017 that you're expecting and whether that is dependent upon the level of growth in IAN or CMG or kind of a irrespective of how those two segments perform that you feel comfortable with the margin targets. Thanks so much.
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Yeah. Look, it's a good question. Every year, we look at unproductive assets if you will, that aren't delivering margin and are non-strategic. This is not us exiting a business within IPG. They are discrete businesses, and frankly some of them were losing money, as they didn't fit in our overall portfolio. So, if you look back at the history of our company, we've had this before and as I indicated it will impact our revenue for 2017 by 90 basis points, but it should improve margin. And there is no theme to it other than, we look at our businesses, we see if they are adding value. We look if they're going to need capital, whether they're adding to our margins and are they consistent with our overall future direction of the company. But it's not like we're exiting a particular business. One example, as you've read, the one that's public is daily (47:43). We sold it back to management. They have some good client relationships which we continue to support and we think that this was a good transaction both for the clients to which they serve internal management. And frankly from a management perspective of IPG, we'd rather be spending a lot of our time managing our existing portfolio. So that's the type of transactions that are in there. But we're not exiting a major business plan or anything like that. Frank will answer on the conversion. But I think it's a subtle way of asking why our conversion in 2016 was not as high as it historically has been, and what are we assuming conversion in 2017? Let me just say that, we continue to convert at very high levels, if you will. As we get to our famous 13% target, which I'll say again is not the ceiling. It's just a number we drew in the sand, gets a little more difficult to convert at the 30% which you have seen historically. That said, for 2016, we did convert at a healthy rate. 50 basis points is not something that we're hanging our head down on. And one of the reasons that conversion wasn't quite where it should be is we did have some charges, if you will for the year, on some of our acquisitions. The way this accounting goes in terms of valuations, if the business you've acquired is doing better than you thought when you did it, the accounting rules require us to have a charge which affects our margin. For 2016, if you compared it to the same charge  a similar charge we had in 2015, which was not as large, it affected our margins by about 15 basis points. So, that was a drag on our margin for 2016. If you look at it from that perspective, our conversion rate was closer to 24%, 25%  24% than the 30%. Going into 2017 at a 3% to 4% organic growth and the conversion rates that we believe we can realize, the 50 basis point margin expansion reflects a higher conversion than we experienced in 2016. But it's in a range, this isn't exact science and we're very comfortable with the number we've put out for 2017. Frank, you want to...
Frank Mergenthaler - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Yes. The only thing I'd add, Peter, is, we're looking for 50 basis points of margin for 2017. I like to think we're going to get leverage across all of our respective cost buckets. So to point to a specific area of leverage I think that's not the point. The point is, our guidance is 50 basis points of margin. The second point with respect to is the growth  is the margin target predicated on growth at one of our specific segments, the answer is no, both  well I'll take growth from anywhere.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you, guys.
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Thank you, Peter.
Frank Mergenthaler - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steven Cahall of Royal Bank of Canada. Your line is now open.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. First question maybe to follow-up on Alexia's question, I think you mentioned that the U.S. market was solid, your peer earlier in the week mentioned that some of their U.S. clients were hopeful and bullish and economists and the S&P are telling us that the U.S. economy is going to look awesome by the end of the year. So I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of sort of where the rubber meets the road with your clients. Are they as bullish as the market or the economists are, are they still really sort of waiting and seeing what's going to happen in Washington, and how consumers are going to act this year, before increasing scopes of work or committing new funds into their marketing budgets? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Yeah. Fine. Look, as I've said before, everyone is hopeful that we'll see tax reform and what we've said before, if there is tax reform certainly in the corporate tax environment. That would benefit IPG, it would benefit our clients. If there is a better environment and consumer sentiment is up, that's going to benefit us and it will benefit our clients. So yeah, I mean we're all keeping our fingers crossed, and hope something like that will happen in the marketplace. But we do our forecasting and we do our numbers based on a bottoms up. Our clients, when you talk to our clients, they're wishing too, but they're not counting on it. And I think at this point the expenditures that we're seeing are based on a business as normal. Looking at markets where they can gain market share, looking at where we can add value in terms of increasing their goals if you will in terms of sales. And so I think potentially it's on the upside, if we do see that and we do see consumer sentiment and the opportunity to bring foreign cash over into the United States. Whenever clients have more money to spend, they're going to look to grow their business. And if they look to grow their business, I can't think of a better place for them to put their money than in advertising. So it's  we move the needle and we're ready, willing and able to help them do that. So I think the numbers that you're seeing that we've put out reflect more or less a business as usual, which isn't bad. If you look at our performance in the U.S., I'll take it if we have business as usual for 2017. I think those are results that we can be proud of. And if we expand our margin at the 50 basis points that we're forecasting, I would say that's a good solid result.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. And then on the media side, I think you talked about some of the recent wins like Fitbit, Hulu, and Tim Hortons. I think it's been reported, you may have also had couple of recent losses on the media side. So, number one, what can we expect for maybe the next few months from an agency review perspective? And how do you think you come out in that? And are you still net new business positive for the year based on where you sit today?
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Well, yes, and the biggest one actually you're referring to was MillerCoors. If you recall on the last quarter, we said that was in review. They had a business consolidation and unfortunately we didn't prevail on that one. Whenever you have a new CMO and a consolidation, it's hard for the incumbents to prevail. Yes, we were net new business positive for 2016. We continue to be so in 2017, we've had a number of wins. Some of our wins if you recall are not publicly announced wins. Our strongest growth  it's an important point, our strongest growth is from our existing clients and you don't see big announcements as we increase our businesses and it's historically always been a strength of IPG, particularly at McCann for example where they have longstanding multinational clients. And they don't make a big deal about picking up brands or reassigning brands and growing their existing portfolio, but that's inherent in our portfolio here. So, the media business, we have a strong pipeline in new business. We had some wins already on the media side for 2017 and we're confident that the numbers we put forth in terms of our forecast, that reflects wins and losses we anticipate for 2017.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you.
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Omar Sheikh of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Omar Sheikh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I've got a couple of questions, one for Michael and one for Frank. Michael, first of all, you talked a little bit about dispositions, I wonder whether you could talk about potential pipeline for acquiring companies. You mentioned you're thinking about perhaps building (55:46) Mediabrands, for example. So, I wonder whether you could maybe just talk generally about how you think about the pipeline and whether M&A might play a part for that. And then secondly for Frank, I just want to make sure I understand the tax rate point that you made. Were you saying the sort of increased utilization of NOLs was driving the tax rate down this year. And I just wonder if you could clarify whether that's in the U.S. or in Europe and if so kind of what sort of scope do you see for a tax rate to come down further, obviously the absent any tax reform. Thanks.
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Okay. I'm insulted that you're asking a tax question to Frank, so giving the fact that my history as a tax lawyer, but aside from that, I'll go to the actual...
Omar Sheikh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: (56:32) Michael.
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Our acquisition pipeline is consistent. Our whole strategy has always been to do strategic bolt-ons or strategic transactions in markets, or expertise that we would like to be thought. We set aside around $200 million in terms of acquisition money and which is pretty consistent with where we were in 2016. And we see the same for 2017. We don't see any big transactions out there. We are always looking at transformational type transactions. For example, many years ago, we looked at (57:12) along with everyone else. And we choose not to do that unless as I said we see a transformational transaction out there. But it doesn't seem to be one out there at the current environmental moment, that would have a big call on our capital. But if there is one, obviously, we'll be opportunistic and it will be consistent with our overall strategy of gaining market share. I'll answer the tax rate question, if you don't mind.
Frank Mergenthaler - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: I don't mind.
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: The NOLs that we have principally in Europe, and the only way for us to use them are to generate income. And so, that's why I say it's encouraging for us to see positive growth in both the UK, and in Continental Europe. And we did in fact, use some of our NOLs. And that's consistently, we have a $1 billion of NOL and that's an opportunity. So if we can really turn the corner in Continental Europe and build up consistent growth and cash taxable income, then we  that's an opportunity for us to continue a low tax rate, if you will, both on the reported side because we do get a benefit. The reason sometimes we talk about, if we have losses in those markets, we don't get a benefit with it  for it in our effective tax rate. So that's one of the reasons our tax rate was slightly higher because we had losses without corresponding tax benefits. If we have gains, it's a double whammy there because we can, in essence, we no longer have a drain from a lost point of view and we can use the NOLs. I might add that, on top of that we do a lot of work on the international tax planning side of our business. And obviously, that's not something we've raised flags about, but what you're seeing in the effect of our tax rate or some utilization if you will of credits and structures that we have, there we believe our good tax planning on an overall basis from a financial and tax point of view.
Omar Sheikh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: See that is very clear. Thank you very much.
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Sorry, Frank.
Frank Mergenthaler - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: That's okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Tim Nollen of Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Oh, great, thanks for fitting me in. I'll leave it to one since we're at right, here it's just about 9:30. And it's for Frank and it's about the operating margin guidance. Looking at the appendices in your slides, it looks like you brought down your real estate occupancy by somewhere in the neighborhood of 20% in the last few years. It also looks like you have raised your incentives in 2016 which makes sense when you have a nice profitable year. So just wondering where does the extra squeeze out come from. How do you get that margin up by the 50 basis points? And I heard your comments some, Michael, lot of conversion, but just wondering where else can you squeeze cost out if you're getting closer and closer to (1:00:12) level? Thanks.
Frank Mergenthaler - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: It does get harder. And as I mentioned on one of the earlier calls, we're targeting 50 basis points. We're not going to guide to specific leverage points in our cost structure. Every dollar we spend, we're looking for to gain incremental efficiency. The biggest cost that we have is around our people. And we did see some leverage in our base benefit tax this year and that's nearly we'll continue to be disciplined around. And to your point earlier, in synopsis is variable and based performance, it can go up or down. And that's based on performance as well.
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Yeah. Let me just add to add on  leveraging on that. A part of the increase in our incentive is the effect of our long-term incentives. We have long-term incentives over a period of time two years or three years. So what you're seeing is at these come through and we've had good years, that's where you see the incremental cost if you will on incentive expense. Frankly, that's a pretty good bid, because that shows that our incentive plans are working and that's what we want them to do.
Michael Isor Roth - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: So with that, I thank you all for your participation. As you can tell, we're very pleased with our results and we look forward to next year and hopefully having similar conversation. Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler - Interpublic Group of Cos., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our Web site, interpublic.com. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our Company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that are included in our earnings release and the slide presentation, and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning as we review our results for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016. I'll start out by covering highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide additional detail, and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies and the tone of our business, to be followed by our Q&A. We're pleased to report another quarter of solid revenue and profit increases. Our third quarter organic revenue growth was 4.3%, on top of a very strong 7.1% in Q3 '15. Acquisitions had a positive impact of 40 basis-points, while FX was a negative 1.7%. As a result, total revenue growth was 3%. We continue to see positive momentum in the quarter from a broad range of our creative, marketing services and media offerings. Our digital capabilities also continue to be very significant drivers of growth for us. As you remember, as of some years ago, we committed to organic rebuilding digital talent and expertise within every agency across our organization, so as to effectively migrate to new competencies and serve the evolving needs of marketers. Our results demonstrate that this strategy continues to pay-off. In terms of geography, we grew organically in every world region with the exception of Asia-Pac. Our international organic growth was 8.1%, driven by Continental Europe, the UK and LatAm. U.S. organic growth was 1.8 % for the three months, against extremely strong comparables in the quarter with two consecutive years. Globally, we continue to see growth from nearly every client industry, and were led by the tech and telecom and food and beverage sectors. Turning to Q3 operating expenses and margins, operating expenses increased 2.5% compared with recorded revenue growth of 3%. And as a result, operating margin expanded 50 basis-points from last years third quarter to 10.8%, reflecting leverage on our salaries and related expenses. For the first nine months of the year, organic growth was 4.8%. This is very well balanced with 4.8% growth in the U.S. and 4.9% internationally. Its worth noting that the charge in pass-through services added 90 basis-points to our organic growth in the quarter, and added 10 basis-points through nine months. Operating profit year-to-date is up 9%, and operating margin in the same period expanded 40 basis-points, reaching a level of 11.7% for the trailing 12 month period, which is the highest level our Company has achieved in well over a decade. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.64 this year through the third quarter compared to $0.55 in 2015, an increase of 16%. Turning to our update on share repurchases, during Q3, we use $81 million to repurchase 3.5 million shares. Year-to-date, we utilized approximately $193 million, repurchasing 8.5 million common shares. Since instituting our return of capital programs in 2011, we've returned $2.9 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases, as well as reduced our diluted share count by 27%. At the end of the third quarter, we had $265 million remaining on our current authorization. Overall, our performance continues to underscore the strong competitive position of our agencies, around the world and across the full spectrum of advertising and marketing disciplines. The strength and growth of digital activity is also notable. We continue to manage expenses effectively in order to deliver on our margin objectives, which has been a key priority for us. As we head into our always important fourth quarter, economic and political conditions continue to present macro uncertainties. Nonetheless, the overall tone of business remained solid. Weve also posted another good year in new business front. And while the tailwinds from recent wins were relatively slight this past quarter due to timing, we expect the impact to be more evident in Q4. We had previously increased our full-year 2016 organic growth target to the high end of 3% to 4% range that we shared with you coming in to the year. In light of the strength of our offerings and our strong organic revenue performance through nine months, we believe it's appropriate to raise our organic growth target to a range of 4% to 5%. Given the higher levels of profit contributions, we have historically seen on our growth in the fourth quarter, we continue to feel that we remain well positioned to achieve 50 basis-points or more of operating margin expansion for the full-year 2016. At this stage, I'll turn things over to Frank for additional details of our results, and join you after his remarks for an update on our operating units to be followed by Q&A. Frank.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael. Good morning. As a reminder, I'll be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On slide two, you'll see an overview of results, a number of which Michael has touched upon. Organic revenue growth was 4.3% in the quarter, and 4.8% for the first nine months. Q3 operating profit was $207 million with operating margin of 10.8%, an increase of 50 basis-points from a year ago. For the nine months, operating margin expanded 40 basis-points and operating profit grew 9%. Third quarter diluted EPS was $0.32 a share and was $0.31 adjusted for certain below the line items in the quarter. This compares to last years diluted EPS of $0.27. For the nine months adjusted diluted EPS was $0.64 this year compared with $0.55 in 2015, an increase of 16%. Average fully diluted shares in Q3 decreased by 1.8% from last year due to our share repurchase program. Turning to slide three, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Here is worth noting that our adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 33%, which compares favorably to our adjusted effective tax rate to Q3 2015 of 36%. As you have seen in the past, weve volatility and the tax rate from quarter-to-quarter. We continue to expect that our full- year 2016 effective rate will be at the lower end of 37% to 39% range that we indicated in the earlier in the year. Slide four has more detail on our revenue growth. Revenue was $1.92 billion in the quarter, an increase of 3%. Compared to Q3 15, the impact of the changing currency exchange rates was a negative 1.7%. Our net acquisitions added 40 basis-points to revenue. The resulting organic revenue increase was 4.3%. It's worth noting that net increase in pass-through revenue in the quarter, mainly in our events business in the UK, benefit organic growth by 90 basis-points. For the nine months, our change of pass-through revenues only increased organic revenue by 10 basis-points. As you can see on the bottom half of this slide, at our Integrated Agency Networks, the organic increase was 3%. This was led by strong growth by McCann, R/GA and HUGE. IAN's organic growth for the first nine months was 4.7%. At our CMG segment marketing services specialist organic growth was 9.4%. We again have strong performance at Weber Shandwick as well as our events business Jack Morton, and our sports marketing at Octagon. Organic growth was 5.6% at CMG, excluding the impact of higher pass-through revenues. For the nine months, organic growth was 5.3%. Moving on to slide five revenue by region, in the U.S., Q2 organic growth was 1.8% on top of 7.1% in Q3'15 and 7.9% in 2014. Excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenues, organic revenue growth was 2%. It is worth noting that acquisitions in U.S. added another 60 basis-points in the quarter. Leading client sectors were food and beverage and tech and telecom, as well as our other sector, diverse clients. Slower U.S. growth, compared to the first half of this year, was due to a less robust tailwind from the timing in account wins, and to a particularly strong comp in the healthcare sector. In the UK, organic growth was 16.4% and was 4.8% excluding the positive impact from higher pass-through revenues at our events specialist, Jack Morton with continuous strong performance from McCann, R/GA Octagon, as well as Jack Morton. UK acquisitions add 3.9% to our growth in the quarter. By client sector, we were led by tech and telecom and healthcare. It's worth noting that our UK operators are not citing a specific impact in clients spending related Brexit. Turning to Continental Europe, organic growth was 8.3% in the quarter, a strong result driven by new business wins in the region. Weve notable increases in the retail of food and beverage sectors, led by Mediabrands and McCann in Germany and Spain, among our largest markets. In Asia-Pac our organic decrease in Q3 was 1.4%. This comes on top of 7.2% growth a year-ago. In our largest regional markets, we had single-digit growth in India, while revenue decreased in Australia and China. For the nine months, our organic revenue decrease in the region was 80 basis-points. In LatAm, Q3 organic growth was strong, 17.8%, on top of 14.4% growth a year ago. Weve increases in all of our largest national markets, including Brazil, Argentina, Colombia and Mexico. Growth was driven by higher spend by existing clients and by new client wins. We had notably strong performances from McCann, R/GA, HUGE, MediaBrands, Octagon, and FutureBrand. For the nine months, organic growth was 15.4%. In our other markets group, organic growth continued to be strong in Q3 at 5.6%, driven by new business wins and by performance in Canada, led by Mediabrands and HUGE. Organic growth was 6.7% for the nine months. On slide six, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12 month basis. Most recent data point is 4.9%. Moving on to slide seven, our operating expenses. In the third quarter, total operating expenses increased 2.5% from a year ago, compared with our reported revenue growth of 3%. FX reduced our percentage operating margin by 10 basis-points in the quarter. Compared to last year, but it was neutral than margin from nine months. Underneath our margin improvement of 50 basis-points in Q3, the ratio of salaries and related expenses to revenue was 63.9% this year compared with 64.4% a year ago. The improvement was driven by year-on-year operating leverage on two categories; our expenses for incentives; and for our category of other salaries and related expenses. This was partially offset by increased base payroll on temporary health as a percentage of revenue. Our total headcount at quarter-end was approximately 50,400, an increase of 3.4% year-on-year. This reflects both organic hiring and acquisitions, in support of growth in areas such as digital, creative, media and PR. Turning to ops and general expenses on the lower half the slide. O&G expense was 25.3% of Q3 revenue, compared with the same level year ago. We leverage our expenses for travel, supply and telecom, as well as for professional fees. That was offset by increased pass-through expenses as a percentage of revenue in our other O&G category. The net result was operating margin expansion of 50 basis-points in the quarter and 40 basis-points for the first nine months. Slide eight depicts our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis. Most recent data point is 11.7%, which is an improvement of 60 basis-points from a year ago. Slide nine is provided for clarity on EPS adjustment in the quarter. Wed a below the line gain of $3.9 million in other income, primarily due to sale of a small non-strategic business outside the U.S. Benefit to our diluted EPS was $0.01. As you can see, the impact of the new accounting standard for share based compensation was de minimis in the quarter. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.31. Moving on to slide 10, the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended quarter with $895 million in cash and short-term marketable securities, which is comparable to the level last year. The comparison to December 31st reflects that our cash level is seasonal and tends to peak at year-end. Slide 11 is our third quarter cash flow. Cash provided by operations was $520 million compared with $282 million a year ago. The comparison reflects increased cash generated from working capital this year, $318 million compared to $155 million a year ago. As we have pointed out previously, working capital can be volatile quarter-by-quarter. Investing activities used $65 million, mainly for CapEx. Financing activities used $234 million, chiefly for share repurchases and our common stock dividend, as well as decreased short-term borrowings. Our net increase in cash and marketable securities for the quarter was $219 million. On slide 12, we show our debt de-leveraging from a peak of $2.33 billion in 2007 to $1.74 billion at the most recent quarter-end. In summary, on slide 13, through nine months weve achieve 4.8% organic growth and 40 basis-points of margin expansion, which represents very solid progress to our objectives for the full year. We are seeing growth in areas where we have focused our investment in both people and acquisitions. Our operators are focused on the appropriate cost disciplines and margin expansion. And our balance sheet is an important area that we can continue to deploy for value going forward. With that, let me turn it back to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. Well, as you can see, through the first nine months of 2016, we reported solid results in terms of both organic revenue growth and margin progress. As Ive mentioned, contributions to our positive results came from across the portfolio. It was very good balance among our agencies; geographic regions and most to all client categories. Behind the strength of two very key strategic positions that we took some time ago; the first was to invest in talent; and foster a culture that makes us a top choice for talent in every marketing discipline and capability. Given how important compelling content is for any media, entertainment or communications company, in the current environment, having the most outstanding creative strategic and digital talent as never been more viral for success and we are well positioned in this regard. Now as a talent priority that has long been key for us is our commitment to diversity and inclusion as a driver of business performance. In environment that encourages respect and trust it's key to a creative business like ours, and a competitive advantage comes with having a variety of perspectives and beliefs when solving our client business challenges. We had reinforced this focus through a comprehensive set of award winning programs. And we ensure accountability by tying executing compensation directly to the ability of our leaders to achieve diversity objectives. While Interpublic has made a great deal of progress and we take pride in that, as an industry, we still have a ways to go in this journey. The second major strategic decision is our approach to digital. Unlike some of our competitors, IPGs digital capabilities have been largely grown organically in are embedded within every one of our agencies. This investment in people with new skill sets in developing new products and services, and in incubating new technologies, has allowed us to stay highly relevant in today's digital world. We wanted to be at the first place as clients turn to for help and guidance as they seek to navigate the complexity of the media and marketing landscape. We know that therere some questions out there about what technology conversions will mean to our industry going forward. We may all be facing new kinds of competitors, as more comes, IT and consulting come together. However, it's worth noting that to-date the emergence of technology enabled marketing has created meaningful opportunity for the agency holding companies. This has definitely been the case for IPG given our skill set, focused on digital. Our media agnostic view of the channel allocation and a longstanding commitment to open architecture where we've been an industry leader with this approach to delivering the best customized talents and solutions that can provide the integration of marketing functions our clients are increasingly asking for. What is not commonly understood is how much resource IPG already has in place across the group when it comes to date expertise, data analytics, and proprietary tools that we can bring to bear in order to create accountable marketing campaigns that drive marketplace results. Data and analytics is an area we will continue to focus and invest behind. So as to ensure that we can create even more targeted, dynamic, and effective work on behalf of our clients. Moving on to operational results, it's clear that during the quarter and for the year-to-date, in addition to solid growth, we've continued to be very disciplined in terms of cost management. We remain focused on converting at the appropriate levels to deliver on margin improvement target for the year. We also remained committed to the robust capital return programs that we put in place in recent years, which have been driving significant shareholder value creation. At the agency level, McCann Worldgroups performance in the quarter was strong. Their creative product continues to earn high levels of industry recognition, and theyre growing well in a number of their major clients. Notable wins came from Reckitt Benckiser and Chick-fil-A, as well as Qualcomm this past October. We're seeing a high degree of collaboration among the advertising, MRM, momentum and the strong healthcare offerings. Mediabrands once again made significant contributions to our profitability. UM has rebuilding out it seems to deliver for recent global wins. Leading edge capabilities like Cadreon and Ansible are also being introduced into a range of new international markets. And we added to the reprised SCO offering with an attractive acquisition based out of the UK that will serve as a regional center of excellence. Mediabrands also recently recruited strong new leaders for AMEA and Asia-Pac regions. Furthermore, in the quarter, they retained BMW North America, and extended Coca-cola in the Middle East. As mentioned last quarter, we have longstanding record of transparency in our dealings with marketers and media vendors. We are proud of role we play is wholly objective and media agnostic advisors to our clients. At CMG, we saw continued outstanding work out of Weber Shandwick. Some of you will have previously heard, Id just point out, that it's the full range of Webers digital capabilities from strategy through analytics, all the way to content creation, moving a standalone company who would be one of the largest social media agencies in the world. Octagon and Jack Morton were also strong performers in the quarter. MullenLowe continue to make headway in terms of integrating the network and promote new leaders for its New York and London agencies. Both our executives content to the Company through the acquisition of digital agency Profero, which made important contributions to Q3 performance. MullenLowe also benefited from its bundle lead offerings, MediaHub, which continues to partner closely with Mediabrands as it did in the recent global win of Western Union. FCB is producing visible and successful new advertising work for clients, including AB InBev, and a number of cresol branch, which work for new global client Clorox and follow. The agency further bolstered its leadership with a significant creative high. She will lead the creative group in the flagship Chicago office. FCB Red, the agency shopper marketing unit is a market leader as our operations in the number of key emerging markets, including India, Brazil and South Africa. As you know, we have a range of full services domestic agencies, including Deutsch, Hill Holliday, and the Martin Agency and Carmichael Lynch, which conserved clients independently, who partnered with other IPG units in the customized integrated offerings that we referred to as open architecture. As mentioned earlier, this is the concept that weve been working to refine for some time. It has fuelled many of our largest wins in recent years, including recently Harley Davidson this quarter. And it's something you are now hearing more about from a number of our competitors. An additional highlight in the quarter was the performance of R/GA and HUGE. These are among the industries best digital networks. The strategic work they do for clients on digital transformation rivals out any consultancy and the range of services they provide from UX and design to strategy, digital storytelling, data visualization, and more an unrivalled in our industry. Starting from a single agency in the New York, both R/GA and HUGE, are evolving into powerful multi office networks. In the case of R/GA, there are now 14 locations on four continents. During the quarter, they posted major wins with Simmons and Mercedes Benz. HUGE has grown to 7 U.S. offices and an equal number internationally, working with major clients, including Google, HBO and Under Armour. Looking forward, as mentioned in my opening remarks, the tone of the business remained solid. The new business pipeline is strong overall, and we are new business positive for year-to-date. As indicated previously, tailwinds from recent wins will be a more prevalent in Q4 than they were in Q3, which we are sharing with you today. Investments in talent supplemented by our measured and strategic approach to acquisitions to ensure that the level of professional offerings remain highly competitive. And thats vital for us to capitalize on the level of complexity and even confusion that exists in todays marketing landscape. Despite the macro uncertainty thats out there due to political and economic factors at around the globe, were highly focused on delivering against our top and bottom-line targets for the year. As stated at the outset in light of the strength of our offerings and a strong organic revenue performance from nine-months, we believe it's appropriate to raise our full-year organic growth target from previously 4% to a range of 4% to 5%. Given the high level for profit contributions weve historically seen our growth in the fourth quarter. We also believe that we remain well positioned to achieve our target of expanding 2016 operating margin by 50 basis-points, or more. Combined with the strength of our balance sheet and our proven commitment to capital return, which has been a source of significant value creation, this will allow us to further enhance shareholder value. As always, we thank you for your support. Were intent on closing out the year strongly, and we look forward to posting you on our results at our next call. With that, lets open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Alexia Quadrani from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani: Just digging in a little bit further on the U.S. organic growth in the quarter, Frank, I think you highlighted very difficult comp on the healthcare side. And then obviously a little bit less tailwind I think both of that in terms of new business in the quarter. Given the tailwinds there was just a pick-up in Q4. Is there unusually difficult comp in Q4? How should we think about the underlying growth rate of the U.S.? I pushed on it, theres just a couple of your peers also, highlighted weakness in the U.S. organic growth when they reported earliest week, some cited it's an election noise. I guess any more color you can give on the other line trend of the U.S. market, it will be great?
Michael Roth: Let me just say, for the nine months, our growth was 4.8% in the U.S., which still is a solid performance, given where our forecast for the full year and what the industry is saying in terms of the macro growth of our industry. And, yes, youve pointed out correctly that in the third quarter we were a little bit light in the U.S. compared to what weve been delivering. Weve grown organically 15% in the last two years in the U.S. And obviously as we grow it gets a little more difficult. That said, the tailwinds that we referred to, weve indicated we were light in the third quarter, coming-in in the fourth quarter. I cant say -- again its a function of the fourth quarter a lot of our revenue comes in, a lot of our operating margin comes-in in the fourth quarter. Id like to tell you that all of that tailwind comes-in at the U.S., and were back to levels of organic growth that youve seen. But I cant say that. We do think therell be improvement in the U.S. in the fourth quarter. But I think the healthcare item that Frank pointed out. We had a tough comp in the healthcare side, and we did have a little bit slowing down, in particular, in one of our agencies, in terms of healthcare and that contributed to it. But again, Im very comfortable with the performance we have in the U.S. It continues to be a key driver for us going forward. What I like about our U.S. performance for the year is that it's across all of our agencies. We see MullenLowe. We see McCann, Mediabrand, CMG, our independent agencies. All of our agencies are strong in the U.S. And I believe we will continue to see improvement in those markets.
Alexia Quadrani: And then just a follow-up, if I can, on the very strong growth you saw in Europe in the quarter. The pass-through revenues, I think, you highlighted, helped a bit. And was that purely in the UK? And was there a any pass-through year ago in the UK in the same period that were comping? And then on the Continental Europe the very impressive growth there. It sounds like it sort of just general improvement from what youve been doing in some new business wins, or is there something one-time-ish there we should look into?
Michael Roth: Yes, let me focus on the UK. I dont believe we have it. It was a one big event and we saw that at Jack Morton. And but other than that, we still had a solid performance in the UK of 4.8% growth in the UK. I think that's the right number. So were still pleased. We continue to have strong offerings across the CMG portfolio, as well as our agencies in the UK. So we're pleased. The R/GA, in particular, is very strong in the UK. Management is there and the offerings we see in R/GA is particularly strong and growing nicely. So we dont -- and as far as Brexit goes, as we said, we havent seen any impacts on Brexit yet. Obviously, sometimes down the around, well see some impact where we havent seen it. Continental Europe is the different story in that. As you know it's 8% of our revenue, at least for the nine months. And new wins and clients spend in that particular region has a nice effect, which is what youve seen in this quarter with the results for Continental Europe. We set for on a full year basis, we've always said we'd see 1% up or 1% down. It's encouraging that we're seeing that improvement. We saw a good flow through in terms of new business at McCann as well as Mediabrands, as they on-boarded some new client wins that we had in those markets, particularly in Germany and Spain. So, we're excited to see some improvement in the Continental Europe. Again, were not raising a flag of total victory in Continental Europe. They still have many challenges. But our client mix, if you will, is producing those kind of results.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Last quarter you guys talked about some revenue, I think in the U.S. that have flipped a bit. I think you had indicated back-half. Sort of if you can revisit that, and talk that whether that has continued to be out there, or if that should have in the third quarter? And any color around timing and sizing. And then Frank I was just wondering if you could help us on the pass-through impact to margins. Would you have gotten some leverage in all other ONG if not for the 90 basis-points of pass-through? Just some color on underlying margin trajectory would be great too.
Michael Roth: And let me just quickly on the pass-through. In terms of margin, it was -- the effect in the margin was only 10 basis-points this quarter, if you will. And for the full year, we expect that to be neutral. It would does stand out if you will. And I think what you are referring to is last year in the fourth quarter. We did have an impact on margins that was higher than that. But we dont see that in the fourth quarter. As far as the timing goes, we did see and as we said the tailwinds was not as robust in the third quarter. And we will see that tailwind coming-in in the fourth quarter. But it's not all U.S. And so, I wish I could tell you that all of it was U.S. and we backup in terms of the high numbers for U.S. But the good news is we do have the tailwinds. They will hit us in the fourth quarter. But I couldnt tell you that the majority of that in pass- through was coming in the U.S. And that's how I responded before to the question.
Ben Swinburne: And then just as a follow-up Micheal, I'm sure youve listened or got windows the earnings commentaries from your competitors this week. And it seem to be very focused on the U.S. election as we are I am sure enjoying this process. I am just wondering you didnt bring it out that all in your prepared remarks. You seem to be quite confident in the tone; any sense from even in any sector-specific, like healthcare, where the election outcome poses incremental challenges to spending, any thoughts there at all?
Michael Roth: No, we havent seen it. In fact first of all from a business perspective we dont play in that arena, so it didnt affect us. It did affect us a bit on the media side because we have to place local media, and obviously that was being crowded out by elections. So, we have to find new ways of reaching consumers in those markets were more efficient. That helps us to bit, okay in terms of consulting with our clients. But we havent seen a big political impact. As far as the tone of business, particularly in Europe, I think they are nervous. But I can't particularly point to a particular client pullback as a result it. I think they are watching this very carefully. And frankly they should be concerned about it. But I think we will be okay and our clients are very sophisticated in terms of where they allocate their dollars, and the tones of business. And we are rightly with them focusing on that. But I have not seen as much of a dramatic impact that some of our competitor said on the call. And I think the U.S. issue that showed up frankly so far in all three of our results indicate that a lot of this is client and sector specific, and were seeing that. But I continue to believe that 61% of our business is in the U.S., and I like that positioning right now given the terms of business.
Operator: The next question is from Mr. Peter Stabler from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Peter Stabler: So, a couple if I could. My first one on ANA and transparency, Michel, you talked about your position in IPG. You are not buying digital media as a principal; wondering, do you think the ANA comments and some disclosures from one of your competitors around digital buying overseas. Do you think its resulting in any attitude shift in the market towards transparent digital buying, whether you guys could be a beneficiary of that? And then I have got a quick follow up. Thank you.
Michael Roth: Yes, I have said this before. And if I didnt believe this we would have changed our strategy. Conversations with our clients and the pictures that weve been involved in, although I can't say specifically it was the reason that we either win businesses or not, our transparency reputation and the fact that we are media agnostic makes a difference with our clients. And the more you see in the price about questions on that, the more it becomes relevant in our conversations. And yes I do believe it enhances our opportunity to expand our media offerings. And I think, as I said, I think, rather than us changing to what our competitors are doing, I think, we are going to see a slowing down of that on the other side. Because I think clients deserves the transparency that we give them, and I think they are entitled to realize and know where their profitability is coming at their expense. And I think thats the right way to approach this environment.
Peter Stabler: And then quickly back to the regions. Latin America. You cited broad strength across a number of countries. You didnt call out the Olympics. I am wondering, just that youre confident that some of the strengths could continue. Just some comments on that will be great. Thanks so much.
Michael Roth: Yes, thats a fair question Peter. We had said before. We didnt see a big impact on the Olympics. We did have some. Obviously, our marketing services businesses, Octagon and Jack Morton, obviously, had some events in the Olympics which affected our results, not materially. But no, actually thats real growth which is what you were kind in your question. We did on-boarded some new clients in Latin America in terms of LatAm Airways and Bradesco. And we see some client spend increasing there. So thats what youre seeing the reason for our growth in Brazil. So it's client specific. Its on-boarding. And frankly what I like about it across the regions in Latin America, its not all Brazil. Were seeing strengths in the other market. Were seeing our digital offerings do very well in South America. R/GA and HUGE are doing very well down there, because the digital environment is right for growth. And frankly, we use those markets for production facilities, given the talent base that we have in Latin America and the effect in this that weve been able to utilize that talent on a worldwide basis. R/GA, in particular, as well as HUGE use that as a base to service global clients, if you will, in the connected world, as Ill quote, Bob Greenberg. And were seeing that come to fruition using those resources in Latin America.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Steven Cahall from Royal Bank of Canada. Your line is open.
Steven Cahall: First question, I just maybe wanted to zero in a bit more on some of the U.S. commentary, if possible. It looks like probably for 2017, you have a slightly easier comp than what you have on 2016. But you also talk about maybe some of the new business being outside of the U.S. So should we in sort of the medium term think about an acceleration organically in the U.S. business, or is it just a bit more of a complex make sure than that and that new business acceleration is more global?
Michael Roth: Well, I appreciate your question. Right now, were really focused and getting through 2016. We havent started our 2017 forecasting models yet in terms of our business reviews. I think the only way to look at this is that 61% of our business continues to be in the U.S. The tone of the business is solid. If you look at MAGNA, in terms of their forecast of U.S. advertising, roughly 4% is the growth expectations. I think, if you use that as a guideline, we should be plus or minus that. And well talk to you more about 2017 when we give you our full results for 2016.
Steven Cahall: And then maybe if we think about the pace of reviews coming up both for Q4 and what youre seeing in the RFP pipeline for next year. And I guess kind of question goes back to what you talked about with your media agnostic strategy, as well as base for video measurement issue. Do you see any of these as catalyzing another round of reviews, like we saw in 2015? Or would you think that the next 12 months is going to be a little bit less manic than, than what you saw 12 months prior?
Michael Roth: Yes, I had said, I dont think 2016 was going to be as manic as 2015. And I think that was true, except for certain Holding Companies had particular items in review. Fortunately, that wasnt us. And I do think that whole spectrum of transparency raises legitimate questions for clients to look at their service providers. Were doing very strong and effective communication with our clients in terms of our transparency. Frankly, some of our clients have audits out there in terms of what were doing. And fortunately, were coming through those audits pretty well. That's good. And I think from a tone point of view, clients will continue to look at this. Whether it gives rise to pictures and reviews, I cant say. But I would expect well see a fair amount of reviews coming into 17. And that's at least of which is these goals and cycles and we are heading into what third of a third year of cycles and clients as three year contracts. And has an order of business practices they put a number of their businesses in review every two or three years. So I expect to see, I would call that normal. It's not normal way it used to be, but it seems to be normal what's happening in our industry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Omar Sheikh from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Omar Sheikh: First for Frank, on margins. If you look at the first nine months, it looks like most of the sort of improvement youve seen in margin comes in O&G rather than salaries. And just wonder whether you could give some commentary on whether you see that continuing into Q4? And maybe any you have to say about next year and the scope the mix of margin improvement that would be helpful. And then Michael, maybe you called out data and analytics is being an area that you would like to invest behind. I wonder whether may you could talk about whether your preference would be for organic or inorganic investment as behind that theme? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Look analytics data and analytics is a fortune product. We historically -- weve done strategic acquisitions. We see most of our growth coming organically, for example, in Cadreon weve seen -- weve expanded it internationally. We've coordinated their offerings among all resources and agencies within U.S. and we will continue to do that. So I think the bulk of the growth will come organically. However, we are looking at strategic acquisitions in that space. We also are looking at a more coordinated basis in terms of our data base, if you will, in terms of the DMP. And that will be a key focus for us in 2017. To make sure that all the agencies within IPG have a consistent offerings and utilizing the unique capabilities we have at Mediabrands, I see that as an important growth vehicle for us. Clients are looking for it. That's the area where we're seeing a lot of competitors, if you will, trying to get have in-roads in our clients. So that's when I talk about investments and data analytics, and were going to be stepping up our efforts in those parts. And frankly if we dont have it organically and we dont have those capabilities internally, we will look to add-on. So, look, with Mediabrands we added two very nice agencies this past year; one in the SCO space; and one is the mobile space. Those are growth vehicles for us. Mobile clearly it's going to be a key driver for business going forward. Our Ansible offering we have consolidated a number of businesses with the new acquisitions to make sure that we are fully integrated mobile offering across our various brands. So this is the value of the holding company across all of our networks. And we continue to focus our Mediabrands as a key source of providing those unique competencies utilizing these data.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Omar on the margin question, we target our agencies to deliver a margin improvement target. And whether we get leverage from both major cost buckets, one major cost bucket, it's somewhat relevant to us. With that said, Michael made comments early on about the important of talents. So right now, we attribute our growth being tied to investments we made against talent. Were constantly looking at that. So to the extent we can squeeze more of the O&G to help support those investments and talent and still meet our margin objectives, thats a good answer. But with that said, Michael, mentioned 50% of our profits in the fourth quarter right. So I would imagine that our salary line is a contributor of leverage in the fourth quarter, and as we moving into '17 -- in 17 well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Brian Wieser from Pivotal Research. Your line is open.
Brian Wieser: So on the use of dispositions of some McCann Worldgroup entities in the Nordic markets over the past quarter, and separately we know that Publicis has altered how it's managing markets below the top 20. I was wondering at a macro industry level and maybe for IPG specifically as well. If you think it's less necessary now than it was say 20 and 40 years ago to have these massive extensive global networks have dominated the largest agency groups. And separately also, wondering if you could also talk about the current ebbs and flows of centralization versus decentralization in some of the agency groups? For example, it seems like there is a lot of deepening of investment in Cadreon versus putting maybe more investment in some of the individual media agency brands. There is not investment going there as well. But just curious your thoughts on how much should live with the agency brands versus more centralized entities?
Michael Roth: Weve got an hour and half, Frank. Let me start. 10 years ago we started open architecture. And it was our belief that clients -- in a client centric environment that we should be focusing on the needs of clients, not our particular silos. And when we look at open architecture the issue is do we in essence mould all of our agencies together and say bye away, here is our best people, and irrespective for the silos. Obviously, therere conflict issues. Therere cultural issues. Therere different go-to-market strategies. And frankly that serves us well in the marketplace. We dont believe that we need to restructure our entire Company to make open architecture work. Weve been doing open architecture for 10 years. And frankly some of our most profitable and growing clients utilize an open architecture model. And the reason it works is because we have made it part of DNA of our organization. People within the quote silos know that if they dont have the capabilities within their agencies they could raise their hand and we can bring in an expertise that well work closely with them on a collaborative basis and meet the needs of our clients. You dont need to restructure entire company to do that. And the reason we are comfortable with that is we hold our agencies responsible for collaborative work. So, when we do compensation and incentive compensation, we look at the degree of open architecture and collaboration. And on many of engagements, there are multiple agencies serving one client. And they dont have to worry about whose silos it belongs, because frankly we do that. We work closely with the agencies and we determine what the proper allocation. Clients shouldnt be involved in it. We think that the better way of doing this, because when you have one single purpose of agency doing this, we have number of those. But most of the time, when you have a single purpose agencies, it's harder to recruit talent. It's harder to keep talent. It's harder to get a sustainability of the quality of the people within those agencies. And open architecture is serving us very well. We get the highest grades of our reviews when we have open architecture model. Because the clients realize that were putting them to first. And by the way, our definition of open architecture includes third-party providers. So, if our clients come to us and say we like it work with X, Y, Z, in addition to your resources, sometimes we work better with third parties, unfortunately, than our own. But thats part of the model, if you collaborate everyone and put them all into one silo, you will never get that. So I think the notion of providing all the resources IPG has to the client is the correct one, which is why frankly we started it 10 years ago. But I dont believe you have to restructure the company to do that. You lose a lot of the culture. You lose a lot of the accountability. And you lose the focus that our core agencies have within those particular agencies.
Brian Wieser: I think the bigger question is getting it outside of the top, the largest markets does. That was the restructuring aspect of what Publicis has been doing, I was curious. And I guess, Im wondering if were seeing something similar with some of the dispositions of McCann. And in other words, do you need to have expense of 60 country markets in this role going forward?
Michael Roth: No, of course now. We saw in the first year, we came in. We got rid of 50 agencies all over the world. Ive said this. Weve got rid of Uzbekistan. We didnt need agencies in those markets, and because the world doesnt operate that way anymore. So, yes, we constantly are looking at that and ensure that disposition that weve made are consistent with getting rid of non-producing agencies that dont cost -- that are costing us money and arent adding any value. So thats what weve being doing. On the question of Cadreon and Mediabrands and whether were centralizing, it doesnt make sense to invest all of that money in one particular offering, and not have it available for all of the other agencies. When I first came to this business, I used to walk around, travel to our different agencies, and they would all wheel out what they believed is best-in-class to offering, in particular, on the media side. And we were spending a lot of money and a lot of things that we didnt have to duplicate, its everyone were able to raise their hand and work closely with the competencies. For example, Mediabrands, whether the UM initiatives or Mediabrand as a holding company, if you will, of media. And I think thats the right way to do it. And weve done a traffic job on that. For example, if you look at MullenLowe and Mediabrands and MediaHub and MullenLowe working with Mediabrands on the Western Union pitch. I mean that was a great example of competencies within an agency, as well as tapping into particular resources we have in Mediabrands. The same thing is Harley-Davidson. The same thing in all of our open architecture wins. So, I think that is the most efficient way use our expertise, and the most efficient way to meet the needs of our clients. And more and more of our agencies are realizing that as if can do it that way, they get a better offering and its much more efficient and clients realized that theyre looking out for their behalf instead of their own silo.
Brian Wieser: Great, thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Youre welcome. Other than that I dont feel strongly about it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Barry Lucas from Gabelli & Company. Your line is open.
Barry Lucas: Thanks, and good morning. Frank, I dont want to beat this margin question to death, but your comment that you expect leverage in the fourth quarter coming out of salary lines. So, my suspicion is, strong suspicion is, given the delay in on-boarding some of the new business and the likelihood that youve had people in place to serve those accounts ahead of the business coming-in. Now the revenue has come-in and that would be one of those contributing factors to improvement in that area?
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, we look very closely at sequential progression of our salary line, whether thatd be in headcount, whether thatd in would be in other components. And if you look from first quarter, second quarter, third quarter, its clear operators are managing that quite efficiently. And as you pointed out, the fourth quarters is our largest revenue and profit quarter. So, do we expect as that revenue starts to ramp up that we're hiring massive hedge, we dont. So, we should get appropriate leverage through the salary line in the fourth quarter. We take a lot of comfort in our operators ability to manage sequential headcount progression and theyve been doing a very good job.
Michael Roth: Yes, let me just add one other point to that, Barry. New clients tend to have less margin than more mature clients, and that's a fact in our business. And so what -- I'm tampering a little bit the expectation frankly that as we on-board all this new business that we have, it's coming in at very high margins. And the margin number of expectation should be a lot higher than, frankly, as this business matures as we go through it. That said, we do have some revenue coming-in in the fourth quarter that we've already incurred a significant amount of expenses. And obviously that revenue comes with a higher margin. So, this is not an exact science. The timing of how we get our revenue and how our expenses is fluid, if you will because we have to manage to make sure we have the right people on-boarding new, as Frank said. But we also have to realize that expectations of new clients takes a period of time for it to mature, it just doesnt happen overnight. Which is why, even when we started the year, everyone said well, why are you being so conservative in terms of your organic growth and margin. And the answer to that is staffing and on-boarding new clients and macroeconomics are all coming into play at one-time, is a tricky thing to model. And that's why we like to look at this on a full-year basis as opposed to quarter-to-quarter. So, we manage it as best as we can. But if 50% of our margin comes-in in the fourth quarter, we can't, with a high degree of accuracy, tell exactly where that's going to come.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from Mr. Dan Salmon from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Dan Salmon: Michael, in your prepared remarks on the individual units for FCB highlighted their shopper marketing division in particular for strength. My question was on shopper marketing more broadly across IPG, as it's in area that one of your peers have cited that as a bit of a challenging one recently. It sounds like it's been more of a positive story for you. Could you maybe remind us the size is that discipline across all of IPG, your short and near-term views on it. And in particular maybe the difference between how performs domestically and emerging markets? And maybe how it's evolving towards digital? And then one other just high level question, you also commented on the continued convergence with the consultants and systems integrators. Just anything that you are seeing that's changing there? In particular, seeing some of those competitors maybe starting to look a creative or media as opposed to strategy and technology work, thatd be great. Thanks.
Michael Roth: Yes, those are two great questions. Shopper marketing, it's important to FCB to have a great competency in it. I would say it's not big overall. I wouldnt say its a major part of our business as a IPG as a whole. That said, opportunities for those agencies that operate on a very effective basis and we will continue to invest behind when we see opportunities. But I wouldnt call it out as one of the major growth vehicles around the world, if you will. But it is very important to FCB and they do a great job at it. In fact, thats one of the agencies we pull out when we have RFPs that call for shopper marketing expertise, because they do it so well. The more broader question on the convergence is really how we have to look at the transformation of our industry. I do believe we are seeing new competitors entering our business. And they are bringing with them CRM expertise. They are basically system integrators. And because they are already in our clients, they view it as an opportunity to bring in CRM expertise, as well as creative. Which is another reason why I think what we compete against those, the fact that we have standalone agencies with strong creative talent, it's very hard for these other parties to compete against what McCann or in FCB, or MullenLowe or our independent agencies, the firepower we can bring in on creative work. There is no way that there new competitor, if you will, could compete with that. And then the results show that, even though these outliers are coming into our business, are trying get there. I think if you look across all the holding companies which have been pretty successful when it comes to those integrated offerings that we provide versus what they are providing. That said, we have to watch it very carefully. And clearly, they are going to be coming out pretty strongly. So we have to be well suited. And I believe the open architecture integrated offering is a very compelling argument against them trying to get into our business.
Dan Salmon: Thanks.
Michael Roth: Thank you. Operator, thank you. Well conclude the call now. Thank you all very much for participating. We look forward to giving you the results for the full year.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Thomas William Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that are included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning as we review our results for the second quarter and first half of 2016. I'll start out by covering highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide additional detail, and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies and the tone of our business, to be followed by the Q&A. We're pleased to report a quarter of solid revenue and profit increases. Our second quarter organic revenue growth was 3.7%, on top of a very strong 6.7% in Q2 2015. Excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenues, underlying Q2 organic revenue was 4%. Our acquisitions had a positive impact of 30 basis points, while FX was a negative 1.8%. As a result, our total revenue growth was 2.2%. We continue to see positive momentum from a broad range of our creative, marketing services and media offerings. Our digital capabilities also continue to be significant drivers of growth for us. We grew organically in every world region with the exception of Asia-Pac and we saw growth from nearly every client sector. Our operating profit in the quarter increased to $225 million and operating margin expanded 20 basis points to 11.7%. Diluted EPS was $0.38 a share and was $0.33, adjusting for certain below-the-line items, which is an increase of 14% compared to last year's second quarter. For the first half of the year, organic revenue growth remained very strong at 5.1% and 5.4% excluding the impact of pass-throughs. Our operating margin increased by 40 basis points, and operating profit was up 10% for the six months in which we also saw a similar 14% increase in adjusted diluted earnings per share in Q2. This performance continues a record of accomplishments in which our people can take great pride. In terms of client sectors, leadership categories were tech and telecom, retail, food and beverage. U.S. organic growth was 4.6% in Q2, a very solid result given that it came on top of 7.7% growth a year ago. We saw growth in most of our agencies, led by R/GA and HUGE as well as McCann, MullenLowe, Weber Shandwick and Mediabrands. Internationally, LatAm grew 15.9% organically in Q2, an outstanding result. Organic growth was 1.2% in the U.K., where we did not see an impact from Brexit, while continental Europe was approximately flat. In Asia-Pac our organic decrease was 3.2%, but was actually flat excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenues relating primarily to a major event in Hong Kong. This performance compares to Q2 2015 organic revenue growth of 11.8% in Asia-Pac. In our other markets, regions, organic growth was 7.3%, a result of strong increases in the Middle East and Canada. Turning to share repurchase. During Q2, we used $59 million to repurchase 2.5 million shares, while over the trailing 12 months we've utilized approximately $296 million for share repurchases. We had $346 million remaining on our authorization at the end of the quarter. Since instituting our return of capital programs in 2011 we've returned over $2.6 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases, as well as reduced our diluted share count by 27%. To summarize, our performance continues to underscore the strong competitive position of our agencies across the full spectrum of advertising and marketing disciplines, in our digital expertise, and in the world key markets. At the midway point of the year we believe we're well positioned with respect to our full year 2006 (sic) [2016] financial targets. You may recall that on our last conference call we upgraded our growth target to the high end of our original 3% to 4% organic growth range, along with 50 basis points of more of operating margin expansion. We continue to be comfortable with these targets for the full year. As expected, organic growth in the second quarter showed some moderation from our very strong first quarter increase. Within the quarter we saw growth in June that was a lower rate than in April and May. It bears noting that this was in part due to the timing of revenue related to a couple of the new business wins that we added in 2015. Based on client work already underway, we are confident that we will realize this revenue during the second half of the year. As we've always stated, revenue is variable by quarter where total operating expenses are recognized more evenly across our four quarters. As a result, we expect to see higher rates of profit conversion on revenue growth in the second half of the year compared to the first six months. This would be consistent with our performance the last couple of years, and it's why we feel that we are solidly on track with our objective to grow operating margin by 50 basis points or more this year. At this stage I'll turn things over to Frank for additional details on our results and I'll join you after his remarks.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Michael. Good morning. As a reminder I'll be referring to a slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On slide two, you'll see an overview of results, a number of which Michael touched upon. Organic growth was 3.7% in the second quarter and was 5.1% for the six months. Q2 operating profit was $225 million with operating margin of 11.7%. For the six months, operating profit grew 9.9% and operating margin expanded 40 basis points. Second quarter diluted EPS was $0.38 and was $0.33 as adjusted, mainly for tax items, which is comparable to $0.29 a year ago. That's an increase of 14% and for the six months adjusted diluted EPS also increased 14%. Q2 average fully diluted shares decreased 1.9% from last year due to our share repurchase program. Turning to slide three, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Slide four has more detail on our revenue growth. Revenue was $1.92 billion in the quarter, an increase of 2.2%. Compared to Q2 2015, the impact of the changing currency exchange rates was a negative 1.8%. Our net acquisitions added 30 basis points of revenue. Resulting organic revenue increase was 3.7%. Organic growth was higher at 4% when excluding the decrease in our past-through revenues which occurred mainly in our events and direct marketing businesses. As you can see on the bottom half of this slide, at our Integrated Agency Networks, the organic increase was 3.9%. This was led by digital offerings, R/GA and HUGE and by McCann and Mediabrands. IAN's first half organic growth was 5.6%. At our CMG segment, organic growth was 2.8% but was 5.1% excluding the decrease in pass-throughs that have no profit impact. We again had strong performance in public relations led Weber Shandwick and in sports marketing at Octagon. For the six months, organic growth at CMG was 3% and 5% excluding pass-throughs. Moving on to slide five, revenue by region. In the U.S., Q2 organic growth was 4.6%, led by a range of agencies and disciplines including R/GA and HUGE as well as McCann, MullenLowe, Mediabrands and Weber Shandwick. In the U.K., organic growth was 1.2% which reflects growth at McCann, R/GA and Weber Shandwick, partially offset by client churn in other parts of the portfolio. Our U.K. operators are not citing any specific impact on client spending during the quarter related to the run up to the vote on Brexit. Turning to continental Europe. Organic growth was one half of 1% in the quarter. We continue to see mixed performance in our largest markets, with organic increases in Italy and Spain offset by decreases in Germany and France. For the six months, organic growth was 1.1%. In Asia-Pac our organic decrease in Q2 was 3.2% and was flat, excluding a decrease in pass-through revenue. This comes on 11.8% growth a year ago. In our largest regional markets, we had mid-single-digit growth in China and India, while revenue decreased in Australia and Japan. For the six months, our organic revenue decrease in the region was one half of 1%. In LatAm, Q2 organic growth was 15.9%, with increases in nearly all of our largest national markets, including Brazil, driven by increases in spend by existing clients and by new client wins. We had notably strong performance from McCann, R/GA and HUGE. For the six month, organic growth was 13.9%. In our other markets group, organic growth continued to be strong in Q2 at 7.3%, driven by Canada and the Middle East. Growth was also 7.3% for the six months. On slide six, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12month basis. Most recent data point is 5.6%. Moving on to Slide 7, our operating expenses. In the second quarter, total operating expenses increased 2% from a year ago, compared with our reported revenue growth of 2.2%. The FX impact to operating expenses was a negative 1.8%, which was the same impact we saw in our top line. Underneath our margin improvement in Q2, the ratio of salaries and related expenses to revenue was 64.1% this year, compared with 64.2% a year ago. The comparison is driven by leverage on our expenses for incentives and other SRS, partially offset by increase in base payroll and severance as a percentage of revenue. Our total head count at quarter-end was approximately 50,100, an increase of 3.5% year on year. This reflects both organic hiring and acquisitions in support of growth in areas such as digital, creative, media and PR. Turning to ops and general expenses on the lower half of the slide. O&G expense was 24.2% of Q2 revenue, compared with 24.3% a year ago, an improvement at 10 basis points. There were a couple of moving pieces worth noting in the comparison. Compared to last year, we had a very strong leverage this year on our other O&G category. Recall that a year ago we had a higher reserve expense for certain contingencies, which we took in other O&G. Offsetting that, last year we also had a one-time lease buyout credit in our occupancy line. As a result, we de-lever on occupancy this year. The net result was an operating margin expansion of 20 basis points in the quarter and 40 basis points for the first six months. Slide eight depicts our operating margin history on a trailing 12-months basis. The most recent data point is 11.6%, which is an improvement of 70 basis points from a year ago. Slide nine is provided for clarity on our year on year over earnings per share comparison. This is the adjustment to diluted earnings per share of $0.38 we reported in the quarter to $0.33 per share for comparability to last year. Starting on the upper half of this slide, our reported pre-tax results includes a below the line loss of $3.7 million, mostly non-cash, related to the sale small non-strategic agencies. Our tax provision included a benefit of $2.7 million from our adoption earlier this year of the new accounting guidance on share-based compensation. We are presenting this adjustment as long as we are comparing 2016 to 2015 but it falls away next year. The more significant adjustment in the quarter is from the conclusion and settlement of a tax examination of previous tax years. That was $23 million as you can see and benefited our reported EPS by $0.06. Total adjustment in Q2 is $0.05 per share due to rounding. On the lower half, we show similar items covering the first six months and also include one of the reversal of tax valuation allowances as a consequence of the disposition of certain businesses. For the six months, we are adjusting from $0.40 as reported to $0.33, again, as adjusted for comparability to 2015. Moving on to slide 10, the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the second quarter with $675 million in cash and short term marketable securities. The comparison to December 31 reflects that our cash level is seasonal and tends to peak at year-end. Slide 11 is our second quarter cash flow. Cash provided by operations was $94 million compared with $260 million a year ago. The comparison reflects the use of $128 million of working capital this year compared to $42 million generated from working capital a year ago. As we have pointed out previously, working capital can be volatile by quarter. Both this year and last year are within our historical range for Q2. Investing activities used $48 million, mainly from acquisition and capital expenditures. Financing activities used $67 million, chiefly for share repurchase, our common stock dividend and payments related to previous acquisitions somewhat offset by an increase in our short term borrowings. Our net decrease in cash and marketable securities for the quarter was $5 million. On slide 12, we show our debt de-leveraging from a peak of $2.33 billion in 2007 to $1.82 billion at the most recent quarter-end. In summary, on slide 13, we're exiting the first half having achieved 5.1% organic growth and 40 basis points of margin expansion, which represents very solid progress to our objectives for the full year. We are seeing growth in areas where we have focused our investment in both people and acquisitions. Our operators are focused on the appropriate cost disciplines and margin expansion, and our balance sheet is an important area that we can continue to deploy for value going forward. With that, let me turn it back to Michael.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Frank. Well, our Q2 results contributed to a strong first half that positions us to achieve our financial objectives in 2016. Across the group, our strategic, creative and digital capabilities are highly competitive. This was evident at the recent Cannes festival, which as many of you know is the industry's most prestigious creative awards show. Standards are so high that fewer than 3% of entries even make it to the short list of contenders, yet we won over 200 trophies. Our agencies were responsible for two of the three most awarded campaigns in Cannes, and we won one of only five coveted Titanium Lions. By our count, IPG was the most awarded holding company in terms of honors won per dollar of global revenue. Our long-standing commitment to integrated services through our open-architecture model continues to be a strong differentiator for us, because it puts the needs of our clients at the center of the solutions that we craft and deliver from across IPG assets. We're also proud that IPG and our agencies remain a destination of choice for so much of the industry's top talent, and that we've been a long-term leader in the industry in terms of diversity and inclusion. During both the quarter and the first six months, we further demonstrated disciplined cost management. We will stay focused on conversion so as to ensure that we can deliver on our margin-improvement target for the year. We also continue to show that the work we have done over a number of years to bolster the company's financial fundamentals, including a substantially strengthened balance sheet and credit ratings are significant drivers of value creation. For some time now, our results have shown that investing in talent and focusing on a culture of accountability and performance are key drivers of success. We use strategic acquisitions to supplement the very high level of expertise and service delivery for which our agencies and our holding company have become known. Increasingly, we also invest internal programs that promote innovation such as the very successful accelerators we operate with R/GA with the trial and partnerships with startups that take place through Mediabrands emerging Media Lab. Of course we also remain committed to substantial return of capital to our shareholders as a way to build value. Moving on to the tone of the business. We just completed our regular financial revues with all of our operating leadership and the environment remains sound overall. While results in the quarter reflect slower growth in June, there does not appear to be a market change in client sentiment. Instead, a couple of the large wins we posted in 2015 saw some revenue being deferred into the second half, though with full year scopes of work that remain in line with our expectations. Given that the work is already well underway we have a high degree of confidence in this revenue. Certainly there's a high degree of volatility due to Brexit and the geopolitical tensions we are seeing play out in places such as Europe and the Middle East. Brazil is also experiencing some turmoil due to both the political situation and public health concerns. Globally we're keeping a close eye on our event and other project businesses which are often the first to see cancellations. While it seems that the situation in the U.K. will lead to slower decision making and may affect certain client sectors, to date our teams on the ground report limited impact from the referendum. As you saw, our performance in continental Europe was essentially flat with some markets seeing modest growth. The situation in that part of the world continues to be challenging, which could weigh on consumer sentiment and business activity. As previously indicated, we built our plan for 2016 with very limited growth expectations for Europe, and in this sense we further benefit from our limited exposure to the region. Turning to the new business pipeline there's a fair bit of overall activity. Media continues to be the most active sector followed by marketing services. These are both areas in which we've had good success in recent years. Our major global advertising-based networks are also seeing opportunities and we're seeing quite a number of integrated RFPs coming into the holding company for which we field cross-agency teams with our open architecture approach. Other than the few situations where a client has decided to limit participation to incumbents we are active in most of the major pitches that are out there. Our performance in new business has been strong the past few years, which is very gratifying. You've all heard me say that I also want our agencies and our people just as focused on providing great service to existing clients and growing with them organically, which we continue to see. At the agency level, highlights in the quarter included very strong performance from R/GA and HUGE which continue to be among the industry's most innovative agencies, providing the full range of digital marketing services including consulting with clients on digital business transformation, the connected space as well as storytelling across a range of new mediums and platforms. McCann once again posted strong performance across all disciplines, notably in its Momentum unit which won a major global sponsorship brief from SAP and at MRM which remains one of the leading global digital networks in the industry. The Worldgroup is also growing its relationships with recently-won clients, notably Reckitt Benckiser. McCann saw further strong results in a range of awards competitions including Cannes, where McCann Health was named network of the year and McCann New York had a stellar performance. MullenLowe showed strength in the quarter. Notably, domestically as its Royal Caribbean campaign earned attention and acclaim and the agency won Jet Blues' Barclay card. MullenLowe also had a very active on a number of integrated open architecture teams, both domestic and international, and we hope to be able to announce some wins connected with those efforts in the near term. At Mediabrands, results remain strong. The digital and accountable offerings within Mediabrands continue to be best in class and to power much of that unit's success. The performance of UM and its leadership has also been outstanding in recent years. On that front, we're pleased to confirm today that we've retained the BMW media AOR in the U.S. and Canada, another important win for UM and Mediabrands. Cannes was also a highlight for the group with a high degree of recognition for our work and the launch of the D100, a new brand assessment metric that has gotten a lot of attention in the marketplace. Of course, on the media front, during the quarter, we saw the publication of the K2 report commissioned by the ANA. This relates to an issue that we at IPG have consistently handled in a highly proactive and transparent manner. As such, our conversations with clients relating to the report and the practices it alleges have been constructive. We continue to encourage dialogue on these matters and we stand behind our record of transparency in our contracts as well as our dealing with clients and media vendors. IPG's performance in this regard has been consistently validated by a range of third party experts employed by our clients. We're also proud of our long-standing commitment not to take inventory media positions. These practices allow us to bring a highly-informed and wholly objective perspective to our engagements, so that we can consistently represent the best interests of our clients. Another operating unit that posted strong performance in the quarter was CMG. We benefit from exceptionally deep and experienced leadership teams at all of our units within this group. Furthermore, as capturing consumers' attention becomes more difficult and valuable in a world of fragmented media, disciplines such as public relations, sports marketing, experiential campaigns and brand design will continue to increase in prominence. Notable wins in the quarter at Weber Shandwick included being named as the lead global public relations agency for General Motors', Chevrolet brand, as well as their recent notable win at GSK. FCB also showed further progress during the second quarter. The global Clorox win was an important step for the network. FCB's healthcare and shopper marketing capabilities remain among the industry's best, and for the second consecutive year, the agency posted its strongest-ever performance in terms of awards won at Cannes. The benefits of investing in talent, embedding digital expertise throughout our portfolio, as well as raising our game strategically and creativity continues to be evident in the strength of our offerings across the portfolio. We're pleased with the high caliber of our people and capabilities. This is what has fueled our strong organic revenue performance during the first half of 2016. Looking forward, despite increased macro uncertainty and the revenue timing that impacted our second quarter, we continue to believe that we will deliver on the high end of our full-year target of organic revenue of 3% to 4%. In terms of costs, we will stay vigilant as the year progresses, and we remain closely focused on achieving the appropriate levels of conversion. Profit performance during the first half of this year showed meaningful improvement, and we are on track to expand full-year operating margin by 50 basis points or better, consistent with our stated goal. Combined with our company's financial strength and commitment to capital return, which has been and will continue to be a source of significant value creation, this will allow us to further enhance shareholder value. As always, we thank you for your support and we look forward to keeping you posted as the year unfolds. With that, I'll open it up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much. On the new business front, you guys have highlighted its strength, and we clearly have seen its strength as well in the press in recent months, actually, recent years, I think, as you put it. But there's obviously so much more that you guys see internally that don't make the headlines here. Is there any way, given that, that you can give us a bit more color in terms of what sort of tailwind from the new business we might see in the back half of this year, and then I have a follow-up, please.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, yes, you're right. It somehow seems that our client wins don't get announced while some of our competitors' do. The answer to your first part of your question is we are  we continue to be net new business positive, which is an indication of the strength of our offerings. I did indicate a number of our recent wins in my prepared remarks, notably of the recent retention of the BMW work at Mediabrands, which is a very good retention for us, obviously, and the wins at McCann and Weber with respect to Reckitt Benckiser. We do expect to announce a nice win coming up in the next couple of weeks. We hope that'll happen, which will be a global engagement, we hope, using the integrated open-architecture approach. We don't like to give out tailwinds, because  well, let me just comment here. It's so hard, in this business  when we lose clients, it's very easy for us to know the impact of when that revenue is going to be coming off. So when we talk about tailwinds and headwinds, the headwinds are easy. We don't like them, but we can specifically know when that comes off because the contracts provide for that and we know our staffing requirements and so on. Our new business wins coming into 2016, a number of them came at the end of the year, and frankly, we win the business and then we have contract negotiations and scope of work is developed as we go through, and that's one of the contributing factors in the fact that, as we said, we had good tailwinds coming into the first half of the year, and some of that work is slipping over into the second half of the year. So yes, we have some tailwinds now in the second half of the year, and the timing of those tailwinds and when they're recognized is a function of when the work is shown. There are a whole bunch of issues that go into that. So the answer is we have some tailwinds in the second half. All of that gets factored into the overall forecast that when we say our target is 3% to 4% on the high end of 4%, we take into consideration a year of performance. As I said before...
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Our clients don't know when our quarterly requirements are for financial reporting which is why we stick to our notion that given the macro environment, we're comfortable with what we set out as a stated goal which includes the revenue performance and our conversion and the fact that our conversion will be stronger in the second half is consistent with the way our business has rolled out in prior years.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And just one follow up, if I may. Michael, I know you touched upon this a few times in your opening comments but with one of your peers citing cancellations in event businesses hurting their performance, I just want to be clear that you guys are not seeing that kind of wide-spread cancellations at all outside of sort of the normal business where you may see it in your one event like in Hong Kong or something like that adjust in terms of timing. For you, it's more normal course of business, not any sort of trend in terms of cancellations for whatever reason.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Believe me, that's the first place we look and Frank and I actually met with the leaders of those businesses to make sure that they're comfortable with the pipeline and the events that were canceled we reflected, particularly in Asia Pac, that had a big impact on us. It was in Hong Kong. We saw some other, these are one-time events and they affect us but the pipeline on the event side of the business is very solid and we haven't seen wholesale cancellations. Now that said, we're still unclear what this Brexit is going to do. We challenge, we ask, and obviously everyone's nervous about it but yet when we sit down and look at our plans for the rest of the year, our business operators, with some risk obviously, are comfortable with our plans and consistent with what I said our objectives are.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of John Janedis from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Michael, you talked about your philosophy acting as an agent and not taking inventory so post the ANA report, I was wondering if you think this provides an incremental revenue opportunity for IPG or does the industry move away from the arbitrage model?
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, what they do is their business, our competitors. There's no question in that the ANA report focused on equity positions, inventory positions, particularly on the programmatic side of the business and you correctly point out that we do not do that and therefore we view that as more consistent with an advisory model that is diagnostic. And yeah, I think as we go through, there's no question when we're pitching new business, obviously we distinguish our positions versus our competitors in those pitches. Some frankly, some clients don't care and that's, obviously, our competitors who have very strong performance in those markets reflect that. But I think overall the more there is in terms of scrutiny of these type of positions, I think it will have an impact on the business, and that's been our strategy. And I've said this before, if in the end clients really don't care and it doesn't turn out to be a competitive advantage to us then we'll continue to look at whether we should be doing it. But right now we view it as a differentiator in the market place and if you look at our net wins and losses on the media side of the business, although I can't point to it as being a specific reason, I think the transparency and the reputation we have on treating our clients fairly on an advisory basis is reflected in those wins.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks, Michael. And maybe Frank, I just wanted to clarify: was the uptick in base and medivitch (35:21) related to staffing the new business wins and that we'll see the improvement later this year as revenue kicks in? And maybe also, is the pullback in the incentive comp any read-through to your outlook for the rest of the year?
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: There's no doubt, John, that the onboarding of these new clients has put pressure on BBT (35:39). And there is a bit of a mismatch between expenses incurred and revenue. So we think over the back half of the year that will self-correct. On the incentive side, for the six months we're at 3.8% of revenue, it's the exact same number as last year. And our incentives have been tracking between 3.5% and 4% for the last few years. So I think it's, we're not looking at the quarter, we're looking at for the year. Every quarter we forecast what the year's going look like. So I think we're right in line as where we were last year.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: All right. Great. Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You're welcome.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning, guys. I want to just come back to the U.K., and knowing, I don't think that any of us know how Brexit may or may not impact spending there. But it's been a very good story for IPG for a number of years. So let me just talk about, if you look at the last, 2014 and 2015 were big years for you organically in the U.K. How much of that was agency-driven or market share gains versus sort of market expansion, market strength, just so we can think about IPGs assets in that market and your ability to maybe outperform even if the market slows, which I think we're all sort of trying to figure out if that's going to happen?
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it's a fair question. Yeah, we've been on a good streak particularly on the event side of the business over there as well as our networks. Frankly what you're seeing in the U.K. this quarter is we are cycling through some losses we had both on the media side of the business as well as the creative side of the business and we're seeing impact of that. Absent that we think our offerings in the U.K. are very strong, notably R/GA, McCann, all of our networks, MullenLowe, and so we believe that we will continue to be strong in terms of our performance in the U.K., absent something weird happening as a result of Brexit.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, you mentioned, I think, organically, mid-single-digit growth in some of the sort of key emerging markets in Asia, China and India as you went through your agency reviews. What does the outlook look like there? There's obviously a lot of press, particularly around China and the economy.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I know your business skews multinational, but maybe just give us a sense for how those markets look for the outlook.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. China was up mid-single digits. India was a little stronger than that, particularly at MullenLowe in India, and we continue to sense that type of environment. Obviously, China  we're not as big in China, so variations on client wins and losses and quant specific clients spend in those markets affect those numbers more dramatically. But the overall tone, although it's  everyone's concerned about it, we see that type of growth in our plan.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from the line of Dan Salmon from BMO. Your line is now open.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, everyone. Maybe, Michael, a couple questions on a few specific agencies. You mentioned MRM continues to be a really strong performer as I think we've seen some news reports about some executive-level changes there and I was just hoping you could add some color to that and whether a different trajectory for the agency is trying to be struck. And then secondly, once again R/GA and HUGE continue to be real leaders for you and I'm just curious if you could shed some light on how you're able to leverage that for broader new business activity through the sort of flatter open architecture more these days.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That's a mouthful. Okay. Well, look, obviously MRM is a very strong component of the Worldgroup and IPG, and we're always looking to add talent and strengthen our offerings. We see it as a big opportunity at MRM at the Worldgroup in terms of cross-disciplines, as well as potentially using that in the open architecture environment. So yes, we're beefing up our expertise in that particular segment and we believe that those opportunities will come as we strengthen their offerings. R/GA and HUGE are very interesting examples of competency. They started out as pure-play digital agencies, and obviously with the growth of digital, they've expanded dramatically. RG/A is a great textbook story of growing globally with success in the markets that they've opened in. You know, R/GA, you can put up a shingle and all of a sudden you have strong businesses. Their reputation is second to none in turns of their space and R/GA has done a great job at expanding their offerings focusing on the connected environment and they're doing design, they're doing business transformation. So they've expanded their offering well beyond the typical digital play if you will and that's why we're seeing the great growth out of R/GA. Similarly, HUGE has expanded. Remember, when we acquired HUGE, we had 80 people in Brooklyn, New York. Now we have some 1,100, 1,200 people on a worldwide basis and they've expanded our offerings as well in terms of different offerings and their go-to-market strategy in terms of business transformation. And frankly, expanding upon just the pure play digital offering. And if you plug those two agencies in our open-architecture model, frankly, there's hardly many companies that can compete with the strength of our global networks plugging in our digital plays to supplement their own expertise. And that's practically the whole concept of open architecture. And it's a challenge for us obviously because those individuals are focused on growing their wonderful businesses but again, they also see opportunities partnering with some of our agencies. In fact, some of the wins that we've seen, we've seen partnering of those digital, whether it be HUGE or R/GA with, whether it be McCann, FCB or MullenLowe. Although MullenLowe has Profero which is another digital agency that is performing extremely well on a global basis. So, it's not by accident that we see our digital agencies growing double digit. And of course, the embedded digital expertise we have at Weber Shandwick and experiential marketing and all of our networks themselves have very strong digital offerings. So that's why we don't break out digital, frankly, because digital is really throughout our offering. So the concept of our open architecture is to provide the best talent we have within the expertise and bring the best to our clients. And frankly it's working quite well and hopefully you'll see another win that reflects that in the next couple of weeks.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thanks, Michael.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Stabler from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. One for Michael and a couple of housekeeping questions for Frank. Michael, going back to the pass-throughs, can you characterize a little bit more what the reductions were? It sounds like this was almost exclusively related to CMG. Wondering if there was any IN (43:20) impact in there and was this entirely event-driven or were there just some kind of some production reductions from existing clients as well, and was this a surprise to you? It sounded like this kind of came in June, or is this kind of mapped more directly to what you were expecting for the quarter? And then, quickly, for Frank, wondering if you can give us a little bit more color on working cap. Understand that this quarter was within range, but was there anything there worth calling out? And then just wanted to quickly check with you on the impending changes to the overtime rules and whether that's fully contemplated at this point by all your agencies and whether that's kind of a de Minimis impact going forward, or any color you could offer on that. Thanks so much, guys.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, first of all, on the overtime, we've been doing work on it and we're obviously looking at ways to mitigate it, but to the extent it does affect us, it's not a significant number, and obviously we're working towards reducing it. And we will, in fact, implement whatever we need to do to minimize the effect of it. On the pass-throughs, yes. The answer is, basically all of our pass-throughs have to do with our events. It has nothing to do with media ownership, which obviously is one of the confusing parts of pass-throughs from our competitors and us. And throughout the years, what we've been trying to do is change the contracts on these event engagements, because whether we act as an agent or not affects the accounting. What would happen is we will go out and outsource a lot of the people that are used in that engagement, and it's treated as a straight pass-through, but the accounting has it in our revenue and in our expenses, so we back out the pass-through. So it's not something that's a surprise to us. In fact  and those pass-through numbers are actually coming down, because when we enter into contracts, we know that it's confusing from an accounting point of view, so we try to structure the contracts to reflect it properly so that we don't find this. So it you look at it on a global basis, we have 30 basis points of pass-throughs, which is why if you looked at our overall organic, we would increase that organic by 30 basis points.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Peter, we started this about three years ago, four years ago, to move away from being a principle and become an agent in the events business. So every quarter for the past three years, you've seen our pass-throughs coming down. On your working capital question, you know how volatile it is around quarter-end with respect  it's primarily  it's cash flows around media. So nothing stood out. We had a couple clients where we had some inefficiencies in our payment stream, so it tripped over into the third quarter, but for us it was normal course and there was nothing of surprise.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You're welcome.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from the line of Brian Wieser from Pivotal Research. Your line is now
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Thanks for taking the question. I'm curious to hear your thoughts. You know, there's been some speculation that perhaps this year might actually turn out to be a bigger year for media reviews than last year in some ways. I realize it seems kind of late in the year for this to happen, but as everyone's digesting the K2 report and the recommendations, I'm just curious to hear how you think the rest of the year plays out on the new business front industry wide, perhaps...
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Brian. You know, everyone started the year thinking it was. If you remember I didn't think so, and the reason for it is I, we didn't know of any big media reviews at our existing clients. So that's basically why I answered the question the way I did. I still don't see as big, you know, there's two big reviews out there. Obviously AT&T and of course McDonalds on the creative side. But yeah, I suspect, as always, we'll see when it comes probably around September, we'll see some media reviews. But certainly it's, it will be pretty hard to compete with what we had last year, Brian.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Yeah.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And you know what's happening, some of our clients are just asking to look and as far as the ANA report. Of course we have dialogs with our clients, going over contracts, making sure our language is as tight as it has been. We had all these provisions in our contracts before, whether it be the ability to audit transparency. So clients, they'll ask questions like that, but I don't see any big upheaval in terms of reviews as a result of the ANA. I know there's one particular company out there, not a client of ours, that has brought in their outside auditors to look at this kind of stuff. I'm knocking on wood. We haven't seen any of that.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Brian.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Brian.
Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Operator next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen from Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Tim?
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Your U.S. growth has been really just quite solid and stable for the past, really, every quarter for the last three years or so. I'm wondering if you might be able to speculate if there is any slowdown in the UK or Europe, if advertisers might simply shift those dollars to a region like the U.S. where you're strong and where the economy is pretty good and where the ad spending has been consistent. Secondly, one of your competitors that reported this morning mentioned receivables were going up because some clients were pushing out payment terms. And it doesn't look like you're reporting that in your Q2 numbers. Another peer that reported earlier also looks like they didn't show that in their numbers. So I'm just kind of wondering where this is coming from. It goes back to this issue of a year or more ago where there's talk about advertisers trying to push out payment terms to their agencies. So I was just curious what your perspective is on that.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The reason you don't see us talking about it because we don't see it.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yeah.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We're in the camp of that one versus the other one.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Interesting question on the U.S. Look, 62% of our business in the quarter came from the United States and there's no question that's a strength of IPG. We have very competitive offerings across all of our networks plus let's not forget our independent agencies in the U.S. We have Deutsch, we have Hill Holliday. These are very strong, The Martin Agency. We have very strong independent agencies in the U.S. and frankly, if there are UK or European companies looking to break into the U.S. market, we have more than enough competitive offerings to pick up their business and obviously, the digital components in the U.S. is exceptionally strong. So we can really field a great team to get that business. The other side of it is, the U.S. side of the business is very competitive, particularly on the CPG side. But we did see some of our clients shift some business to us in the U.S. And as they do acquisitions in the U.S., they want to beef up the offering so there is some of that in our growth in the U.S. And I view that as an opportunity. I think the fact that we have 62% of our business in the U.S. is a strong positive for us. I know this goes through waves if you will in terms of if you are better off in other countries, but we've been consistently very strong in the U.S. and frankly, we like that position.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yeah. Great. Thanks.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from James Dix of Wedbush Securities. You may proceed.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I guess two questions. First, kind of following up on Alexia's question about new business lift. I think you said coming into the year you expected around a point and a half or 150 basis points of lift for the first half of this year. Any assessment of how that actually turned out and how that phased in 1Q versus 2Q, especially given what you said about June? Then with BMW under your belt, are there any major pieces of business which you are defending that you would flag? And then I guess secondly, I don't normally ask a lot about awards but with Cannes occurring this quarter, I guess this would be the time to do it. I mean, do you have any expectations every year as to how you want to do at Cannes and, or at awards more generally and if so, did you perform against those expectations and do you see these awards correlating to revenue growth or profitability over time? Thanks.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: How much time do we have left in this call?
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Seven minutes till the open.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. First, let me talk about the accounts in review. The most significant item, it's not in review, but it  well, it is in review, it will be, is the Army. There's a mandatory review every five years. We've been extended through September of 2017 on that one, but there will be a review of the Army coming, and obviously we've done this before and hopefully we will be able to retain. Fiat, a client of MullenLowe, is in the midst of a review. We hope to hear from that in the next couple of months, and TD Bank is in review. And those are the significant items of review from existing clients. And, our existing wins, we  I think it goes to the offering and the comment that we've always said, that we want to treat our existing clients as if we're pitching them all the time. So the retention of BMW is significant. Obviously it's a good client for Mediabrands, but it's also an indication of verification of the work that we've been doing, and the fact that as the market changes, we're able to field it with talented people, tools and data analytics that are necessary, and we're very competitive in the media space. And what was the other question?
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Just on the business, how the lift from new business wins actually ended up phasing in, in the first half of the year. I think you talked about 150 basis points, yeah.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: A good portion of the tailwind is phased in within first quarter and second quarter. Some of it spilled over to the second half of the year, which is what I talked about. Obviously with new wins and so on, we'll have some additional business issues, wins hopefully and tailwinds in the second half, but it's too soon to give  we're not going to give out a number on that yet, because frankly some of our wins haven't been announced yet. But the answer is yes, we have tailwinds, not as big as in the first half of the year, and it certainly tails off in the second half of the year. Although the timing of these things  and again, I have to reiterate, the timing of these tailwinds and when they impact, we have  we really don't have much control over that. It happens to be in the hands of our clients, and so we're very conservative when it comes to whether we answer the question of when is the timing of our tailwinds, and for good reason.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: They're all baked into the revenue forecast right here.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. And any sense as to how they came in in the first half? Was it roughly the 150 bps that you were expecting or was it a little bit less based on some of the push to the second half?
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: If we have to give you a number, it was a little bit less, because that's  obviously we had some of it...
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: ...come in the second half of the year.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then any comment on Cannes and awards generally in terms of their impact on your business?
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Cannes, as I said before in my comments, on a revenue basis, we outperformed  we're not as big as some of our competitors. So if you just through a lot of money in Cannes, you can win more awards than anyone else. So we think a good way of looking at it is comparing awards per revenue and when you do that our agencies perform better. That's the way we look at it. Of course we're going to look at it that way. McCann was very strong this year in Cannes and that's not by accident. McCann had a very strong emphasis on creativity. Rob Reilly and his team working with Harrison, the rest of, part of the McCann World Group, had a very strong effort in Cannes and the results are reflective of that. McCann New York in particular, it was great to see the awards they were winning and of course McCann Health won the Healthcare Agency of the Year. So it is an important factor. Every year we look at the question of risk/reward in terms of spending the kind of money we do in Cannes. No one asked for the person who performed the poorest in Cannes when we do reviews. So I believe we're going to continue to see a strong effort in terms of awards and to reflect the creative power of  creativity and effectiveness is an critical component of what we do which is why FCB, MullenLowe, all of our agencies participate in it. But we pick and choose which the work we want to put in and we're very proud of all the agencies and the awards that we won.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thanks very much.
Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line Tom Eagan of Telsey. You may proceed.
Thomas William Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Great. Thank you very much. Another agency-holding company this quarter indicated that the ad budget migration from TV to digital, it was slowing, still occurring, but the pace was slowing as a result of client concerns about digital ad fraud and viewability. Curious in what you're seeing or hearing from clients. Thanks.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think that was the big talk in Cannes. A lot of it was coming from the media owners, the TV owners and a lot had to do with the up fronts. Remember, last year's scatter, a lot of companies were caught flat in the scatter and had to pay higher pricing. So we saw an uptick in TV in the up fronts. And a lot of people read into that that therefore the money going into digital is slowing and it's going back to TV. In the U.S., in terms of the spend, we see 2016 sort of equal between digital and TV and frankly, in 2017, we believe digital will pass TV. So the growth of digital is slowing a bit, because, look, it keeps getting bigger and bigger. But TV isn't going away. So our expertise is to help our clients decide where to put it. And some clients are happy with digital and they spend more in digital; other clients are concerned about the ad fraud and visibility, and are they getting the right ROIs in terms of bots and all of the ad blockers and so on, and they're more comfortable with TV. It's a question of what gives the clients the best ROI, and frankly that's what we get paid to do in terms of help our clients understand it. So, and we continue to see that as the opportunity for our business.
Thomas William Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Great. Thank you.
Michael Isor Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you very much for the participation and I look forward to talking to you again in our third quarter results. Bye now.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome the Interpublic Group First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this point. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website interpublic.com. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 AM Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statements that are included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry. Thank you for joining us this morning as we review our results for the quarter. I'll start out by covering the highlights of our performance; Frank will then provide additional details; and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies, to be followed by our Q&A. Were pleased to report another quarter with very strong performance. Organic revenue growth was 6.7% notably that comes on top of 5.7% a year ago. Our growth was driven by increases in all major disciplines, geographic regions and across most client sectors. This strong growth is consistent with our performance in recent years and a sign of the strength of our offerings across the portfolio. Its encouraging to see a start to year at a top of the competitive table in terms of growth. Acquisitions headed another 30 basis points to growth in the quarter, while currency translation was a 3.1% drag on revenue. Reported revenue growth was therefore 3.9%. Q1 operating profit was $21 million compared with $8 million last year. As you all know, our first quarter is seasonably small in terms of revenue, while total costs are distributed fairly evenly throughout the year. That said positive and sustain Q1 profit increases are yet another market with continued strength and progress. During the quarter, we continue to combine our growth will effective expense discipline. We achieved leverage on our expenses for base payroll, benefits and tax and our office and general expenses. The result was Q1 operating margin expansion of 70 basis points. Our growth this quarter continues to reflect contributions from nearly all of our major agencies led my McCann, R/GA, Huge, FCB, Mediabrands and Weber Shandwick. Our digital offerings continued their strong growth. This includes the range of embedded digital capabilities within our integrated agency networks as well as our standalone digital specialists. Once again, this result underscores that our partnerships with clients are evolving as they look to transform their businesses in response to increasingly complex marketing landscape. Another contributor to our performance is our open architecture model which we use to deliver solutions that are customize to client needs using the best of IPG solutions notwithstanding silos. This reflects the growing importance of integrated communication services something weve been focusing on for some time now. The quarter reflects strong growth with existing clients as well as new business wins. In terms of client sectors, we will led by increases in the tech and telecom, healthcare, food and beverage and retail sectors. Regionally, performance was notably strong in the U.S. where we had organic growth of 8.3% on top of 6.1% in Q1 of 15 and where we continue to see outstanding contributions across a very broad range of our agencies, disciplines and client sectors. International organic growth was also strong at 4.3%, with all regions contributing. LatAm was especially notable at 11.6% organic growth. Turing to expenses in margin, total operating expenses increased 3.2% compared with our reported revenue growth of 3.9%. As a result, Q1 operating margin improved by 70 basis points. Cost discipline and margin enhancement remain a top priority and we continue to execute against that objective during the year. Our capital structure continues to be source of value creation. As we announced in February, for the fourth consecutive year, our board increased our quarterly dividend by at least 25%. On our full year 2015 call, we also announced that our board had authorized another 300 million towards share repurchases. During the quarter, we purchased 2.5 million shares at a cost of $54 million. More recently, we replaced on review for upgrade by Moodys and our outlook was upgraded to positive by S&P. Of course we are pleased that our performance continues to reflect the excellence of our people and agencies. As mentioned earlier, our ability to put together integrated solutions that are customized as needs of our clients has increasingly become a differentiator for us. As is our focus on delivering outstanding insights and creativity and our commitment to maintaining and developing the top tier digital capabilities we have across our portfolios. We also remained focus on driving further margin expansion and capital returns. The strength of our offerings coupled with operating discipline is a winning combination that we will ensure that we continue to deliver for clients and shareholders alike. While Q1 is seasonably small for us and there is still macro uncertainty particularly in certain international markets. Performance to date has us well positioned to deliver on high end of the 3% to 4% organic growth target we set for the full year and to expand operating margin by 50 basis points or better. As the year unfolds we will of course keep you price of our outlook as was the case in 2015. At this stage, Id like to turn things over to Frank for some additional detail on results. And after his remarks, Ill be back to provide an update on our agencies and the tone of our business to be followed by our Q&A.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael. Good morning. As a reminder, Ill be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, youll see an overview of our results. Organic revenue growth was 6.7% in the first quarter, 8.3% in the U.S. and 4.3% in our international markets. Q1 operating profit was 40 million and are seasonally small first quarter, an increase of 30 million compared to last year. Adjusted diluted EPS is breakeven, adjusted for items below our operating income and other income in our tax line. Reported diluted EPS is $0.01 per share. Turning to Slide 3, youll see our P&L for the quarter. Ill cover revenue and operating expenses as well global line items in detail on the slides that follows. Turning to revenue on Slide 4, revenue was 1.74 billion in the quarter, an increase of 3.9%. Compared to Q1 15, the impact of the change in exchange rates was a negative 3.1%, while net acquisitions headed 30 basis points. The resulting organic revenue increase was 6.7%. As you can see on the bottom half of this slide, organic growth was 7.6% and our integrated agency network segment very strong performance with contributions from all disciplines led by McCann, R/GA, Huge, FCB and Mediabrands. CMG grew 3.2% organically led by Weber Shandwick, Octagon and Golin. CMG growth was approximately 4% excluding the decrease in pass-through revenues. Moving on to Slide 5 revenue by regions, U.S. organic growth of 8.3% was broad based across our agencies led by R/GA, FCB, McCann and Huge. Leading clients sectors were tech and telecom, healthcare, food and beverage and retail. Turning to international markets, the UK grew 3.5% organically on top of 6.4% a year ago. There are notably strong growth McCann, Mediabrands and R/GA. Continental Europe increased 1.7% organically. By country, were led by strong results in Germany and modest growth in France and Spain. In Asia-Pac, Q1 organic growth was 2.7%. Were led by very strong in China as well as by increases in Australia and India, while Japan decreased. In that region, we saw notable contributions by Mediabrands and R/GA. LatAm grew 11.6% organically with strong performance driven by our agencies in Argentina, Colombia and Mexico. Brazil however remains soft due to macro headwinds. Our markets group increased 7.4% organically which includes strong growth in Canada. On Slide 6, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change in a trailing 12-month basis. Most recent data point is 6.3%. Moving on to Slide 7, our operating expenses, underneath our reported revenue growth of 3.9%, total operating expenses increases 3.2% in the first quarter. Our ratio salaries and related expenses revenue in Q1 was 73% this year compared with 72.5% a year ago. This comparison includes very strong Q1 operating leverage and expense for base payroll benefits and tax. It also reflects increase long-term incentive expense due to our consistently strong financial performance as well as greater expense for severance this year and increase expense for acquisition due to the strong performance acquired businesses. Lower pass-through revenue also shifted some operating leverage some SRS to O&G, our lower pass-through are offset by lower O&G expense. Total headcount at quarter end was approximately 49,700 which is increase of 1% from Q4 15 reflecting investment higher growth areas of the portfolio and to support our business wins. Turning to office and general expense in the lower half of the slide, O&G expense was 25.8% of Q1 revenue, an improvement of 120 basis points from year ago. With leverage across most major expense components, notably our category of other O&G expense which includes the benefits of lower pass-through expense. On Slide 8, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis with a most recent data point of 1.5%. Slide 9 is provided for clarity and our year-on-year comparison with detail on below the line items. Our reported pretax results includes the below the line of 16 million mostly noncash related to the sale of small non-strategic agencies mainly in Continental Europe. As a consequence of the classification of certain of these assets is held for sale, we had a net tax benefit of 12 million due to reversal valuation allowances for differed tax assets. Our tax provision also included 8 million benefits from the adoption of new guidance on share based compensation. The net effect on reported results of the discrete items and a loss on sale of business was a benefit of $0.01 per diluted share in the quarter. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 10, we ended the first quarter with $680 million in cash and short term marketable securities. Its worth noting that our cash level is seasonal and it tends to peak at year end and decrease during the first quarter. On Slide 11, we turn to cash flow. Cash use in operations in Q1 was 649 million compared with 781 million a year ago. As you know our operating cash flow was highly seasonal. Our business generates significant cash on working capital in the fourth quarter and uses cash in the first quarter. During this years first quarter, cash used in working capital is 690 million compared with 785 million a year ago. Investing activities used 59 million in the quarter including 27 million of CapEx and 27 million for acquisitions. Financial activities used 158 million mainly for common stock dividend of 60 million and 54 million for share repurchases. Our net decrease in cash and marketable securities for the quarter is 829 million compared with 926 million a year ago. On Slide 12, we showed debt deleveraging from a peak of 2.3 billion in 2007 to 1.74 billion at the most recent quarter end. In summary on Slide 13, we are pleased with our revenue growth and profit performance in the quarter which represents a good start in terms of achieving our financial objectives for the year. With that let me turn it back to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thanks Frank. Understandably were very pleased with the results that were announcing this morning. The effectiveness of our offerings was evident in our continued strong organic revenue growth across the group whether in advertising, marketing services or media, our strategic creative and digital capabilities are higher competitive. Its particularly important in most of our agencies are contributing to our strong results. And that were seeing growth in all geographic regions. We continue to demonstrate discipline cost management and well remain focused on conversion, so as to deliver or exceed on our margin improvement target for year. As you saw often heard me saying, were proud that IPG is becoming known as a destination of choice the so much of the industrys top challenge. Our senior corporate team has been together for some time. All of our talented people have brought the company through significant challenges to its current very strong and competitive position. And weve done so with the high degree of integrity and humanity. Along with our focus on getting the best people with the right skills required to succeed in the digital world, we also have shown a long term commitment to improvement as it relates to diversity and inclusion. We were the first company in our sector to name Chief Diversity Officer to establish diversity leaders across our major agencies within the group and interagency D&I business resource group and to directly tie annual incentive compensation for our major agency CEOs and senior executives to progress on diversity and inclusion. Driven by these programs, weve seen significant improvements overtime for all minorities with close to 55% of our management positions currently held by women and approximately 20% by people who cover which we believe our industry leading results. Nonetheless, we know there is still a great deal of work to do in this area. And uniquely we stand by our record of taking swift and the size of action and enforcing accountability around D&I. Particularly in those cases of behavior, my senior executives that run counter the kinds of values for which we should all stand. For some time now, our investment and talent has been a key driver of IPGs success. On these supplement that which strategic acquisitions this shouldnt sure that we maintain the very high level of expertise and service delivery that we are seeing from so many of our agencies. We also remain committed to robust capital return programs and we can continue to drive value creation for our shareholders. Moving on to the tone of our business, we continue to hear from major clients a willingness to invest behind their brands. Our operators will also tell us that the environment for marketers remain sound overall, despite uncertainty in certain important markets such as Brazil and Russia. So there should clearly be sufficient opportunity for us to achieve toward the high end of restated full year growth objectives. But its still early, they do need a smallest quarter in the books, so we believe its appropriate to stay focused on our goals and measured in terms of expectations. The business pipeline that sound that continues to be a significant number of media pictures and consolidations; they are not quite at the same historically high level of last year. Elsewhere in the group, our major integrated agencies are seeing solid activity as our marketing service agencies. We are active in all of the major opportunities that are out there other than those on which we are conflicted. New business has been an area of strength for us in the past two years and in area in which the collaboration has played a key role. We want to build on that performance. Highlights at the agency level include a strong quarter at McCann, which is winning business and recognition across a range of its companies and around the world. The focus on the part of the management team on creativity, cross utilization of services to major clients and enhancing the specialist digital experiential and healthcare marketing offerings is contributing to strong growth at the Worldgroup. CMG agencies continued to its strong performance led by public relations. Weber Shandwick and Golin consistently take market share and we added to their capabilities with acquisitions during Q1, provide health, we build on Webers outstanding healthcare practice and Brooklyn Brothers will take go individual content production to a new level creativity. Late last week, we announced the acquisition of Spec [ph] to head a leading product design and innovation consultancy to the front head of future brands offerings. At Mediabrands, we have been active on on-boarding much of the new business won during last year is very competitive consolidation and pitch activity. The New Year began with positive news for UM in the Sony review. As youve heard before, the organic investments weve made in digital, programmatic and data are playing a key role on Mediabrands success and growth. During the quarter, we added to their capabilities with a mobile acquisition in the UK and will continue to focus on mobile, social performance marketing and analytics going forward. At FCB, progress continued to be evident in the agencys results. In Chicago, the agency further built on its [indiscernible], while FCB Inferno won additional BMW business in Europe. And earlier this week prevailed in a highly competitive UK pitch for empower. FCB Health is a consistently strong contributor and a new management team has been put in place in New York, well a dynamic new leader joined as North American President of the HackerAgency an outstanding CRM agency thats part of the FCB Group. MullenLowe Group is increasingly active in new businesses with wins from hired hotels, airways and a number of other opportunities they are public but in which they are among of the finalist in significant reviews. The agency accounted a new leader for its Boston office, who joins us after a long and successful stead at CMO at Congress. MullenLowe is also named the worlds best creative agency at the WARC 100 Awards and top to report for 2015 as campaigns with social responsibility. R/GA, Huge and MRM posted very strong start to the year. In terms of the highly innovative work they are doing for clients, their financial performance and the recognition they are garnering in the market place is significant. R/GA has been pioneering what it means to be a digital marketer since the beginning of the connected age. The company continues to honored as one of the industrys top agencies. Growth at Huge has been significant and the agency recently names its first Chief Creative Officer. MRM remains one of the industrys top global networks powering the digital business for many of the worlds largest brand. As you know, weve been clear for many years that the changing dynamics of media usage and behavior for an integrated strategy when it comes to digital, not to the highly silo approach taken by some of our peers. The benefits of investing and talent and embedding digital expertise throughout our portfolio as weve been doing for some time continues to be evident in IPGs strong organic revenue performance. Of course being able to combine these embedded digital offerings with our specialty agencies is every more powerful. And just another example, how we mix and match the right capabilities and talent on all of our client engagements. Were pleased with the strong performance in Q1 with a very high caliber of our people and with the effectiveness of our capabilities. To continue to see some geographic markets where macro concerns will require monitoring. Its also worth repeating that Q1 is always our lightest quarter. We will of course remain vigilant on cost in an appropriate level of margin convergent. Looking forward, we believe that we are well positioned to deliver on a high end of our full year target of organic growth of 3% to 4% and to expand operating margin by 50 basis points of better. Combined with our companys financial strength and commitment to capital return, which has been and will continue to be a source of significant value creation will allow us to further enhance shareholder value. And as always I thank you for your time and support and I look forward to keeping you posted on our progress during the course of the year. With that I will now open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Well now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: I am impressed of organic revenue growth we saw on the quarter specifically North America. Is there any way you can sort of give us a bit more color in terms of how much of that growth came from sort of the underlying health of the market versus your real strong position in new business wins at the end of last year?
Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia. Well as you know, you are right in saying last year, we ended net positive with respect to the many of reviews. I think a significant part of our results is an indication that of our top 20 clients, our organic growth was close to 12%. Now thats a significant number and its something that reflects what weve been saying now for many years. If we continue to focus on treating our existing clients was a pitch, this opportunity that meet in the market place given the talent and resources that we have and that will be continued focus on all of our organizations to treat our existing clients with that type of opportunity and commitment to meeting their needs. And if you add on top of that net new business wins from pitches obviously that gives right for our results. Now coming into the year, obviously we had some tailwinds as a result of the net new business. We see that rolling out more on the first half of the year, so lets assume this about a 150 basis points of tailwinds coming into the first half of the year and in the back of the year that will slow down. So a combination of focusing on our existing clients and keeping the backdoor close, winning when we are involved in pitches and focusing on our work open architecture is what makes us comfortable with our forecast going in through the year.
Alexia Quadrani: And just based on your earlier commentary, it sounds like more of you agencies are contributing to growth and maybe just several years ago, can you find that there are - there is still some with our agencies or regions that are still kind of a work in progress that can still you know be a tailwind are positive contributor down the road or do you see that your - finally you know at a price now were really you are kind of operating and also in there?
Michael Roth: Well, you know Ill let our results speak for the question of how all our agencies are performing. And obviously with these kinds of results were not relying on one particular agency. And as you know well were there with - from the beginning, this has been a journey in terms ore repositioning our people and our organizations. And I said this publically and privately, Id never been more comfortable with a leadership of our organizations throughout all of our agencies and I am right now. Our most recent repositioning involve putting Mullen and low together to form the MullenLowe Group and I am very pleased with how thats come out of the box in terms of new business wins and servicing at our existing clients. So when you combine three global networks of MullenLowe, McCann and FCB, on top of all the independent agencies we have in the U.S. you know some of them are not performing where we would like them to be and of course MullenLowe has a ways to go before they are achieving levels of McCann or SCV and frankly thats the opportunity we have at IPG are media offerings to best in class, they are recognize obviously UM in terms of its agencies, the year awards and its positive results of new business. Weber Shandwick and Golin being the top of the charts in terms of winning and gaining market share and certainly Weber winning all the recognition awards, our sports marketing and our experiential, so I am very pleased with all of our offerings that doesnt need to say we cant refine that in terms of adding additional talent and go to market strategies and acquisitions. And given our financial position, we are in a position to do that. So I am feeling - where we told the team is - you know we are fighting any football, you know this is still a journey, we still have margin improvement thats available to us and thats what were focusing on, but in the meantime, I have no doubt that if there is an opportunity for us to pitch business, we will put together a world-class opportunity in team in place and we will continue to focus on our existing client base, which is among the best in the world. So other than that I am pretty - I am feeling pretty comfortable about where we stand.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. I have a - I wanted to ask actually about tax, the tax outlook and also something on headcount, anyway Michael you like to talk about taxes as much as possible. You know if you look at companies with your revenue mix, you know lot of international, you tend to see tax rates sort of in the low 30s, I know you guys are driving margins and trying to drive profitability particularly in your European agencies. I guess if you could just think about the long term, do you an opportunity for IPG to get its blended tax rate down because that would be a pretty meaningful EPS driver if that opportunity was there for you in sort of the investable future? Ill just ask my second one, your incentive comp as a percent of revenue, I think was the highest its been in a number of years, and I am guessing that reflects your confidents in the year. I dont maybe you can spend just a minute on how you guys accrue during the year Q1 as you said its small but it seems to be an indication of where you see the year coming in versus what your internal budgets might have been? So those are my two questions.
Michael Roth: Yeah, I know both are fair questions. On the incentive comp, its a little over 4% in the first quarter and really what that is, is a long term incentive plan. Given the performance that we had in the last couple of years, and since our long term performance is based on performance operations, its encouraging to see that that number is higher because its reflective over positive results. Over the year, we still using a 3.5% number in terms of total incentive comp. So it does hit us a little stronger in the first quarter. And then of course when you compared it to light revenue in the first quarter, it magnifies the percentage of its impact. So this is a little part of a plan, this was in the surplice. We know well that we are performing well in our incentive plans. Frankly our incentive plans are working exactly as they should be. We have short term plan that focus on both agencies as well as overall performance and long term incentives that look to what we need to drive continue consistent performance across the organization. So I think just look at that as a sort of one off in the first quarter, which is actually positive result given the performance that weve had. Tax is a whole complicated situation. As you know we have a billion dollar greater NOL and thats principally in Europe. In order for us to use that NOL, we have to generate income in those geographic areas. And we focus very - we have a great international tax department that focuses on optimizing utilization of the NOL which gets into of course agreements between countries in terms of allocations and so on and we try to optimize it. But when we do write-offs in foreign jurisdictions, unless there is income then we use those write-offs as against we dont the benefit that we were looking for, we do release some results which we saw the reversals in the first quarter. So we have a 28% to 30% cash tax rate which were using which frankly is attractive versus our financial tax rate which is 37% to 39% or 40%. So we still have a difference between cash versus book. Were very focused on utilization in the cash NOL. In the U.S, we used up our cash NOL, so what we rely on in the U.S. in U.S. tax planning. We have a great tax department that focuses on that. So I do think that that NOL is not accounted for asset on our balance sheet but we cant benefit until we generate profitability and since Continental Europe as you know we did have positive results in Continental Europe this quarter which is as the second - at least second or third quarter in a row that weve positive not by a lot but at losses weve been having. So thats encouraging, but I do think there are opportunities but were not prepared to commit through a significantly lower cash tax as a result of it.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Peter Stabler of Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Stabler: Frank, I wanted to turn back to Slide 22 in the salaries and related. And Frank, I am wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on the base benefits and tax, were bit surprised at the amount of leverage you got there, any color you can offer on the drivers and outlook going forward? And then on the severance expense line, also bit richer than we thought, we are assuming you can see some flow through that towards the back half of the year? And then couple of other quick ones. Could you remind us where - I think you covered this but could you remind us whats remaining on the buyback also? Thanks very much.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the buyback, its roughly 400. And couple of comments on expenses here, its clear as we continued it to reduce our principal relationship in our project related businesses and we see our pass-through revenues go down. Youve seen a shifting of leverage at BB&T and LNG. But I think that the transparence discloser its pretty clear whats happening. But I would say about our SRS is that the base benefit tax which is our - roughly our fixed component of our salary which we service clients with thats our biggest areas as focus and were thrilled to see the amount of leverage we get out of it. And its narrow that weve been focused on for years and well continue to focus on. How do you talk that fixed component of our employee based plus quite frankly our temporary labor with surface clients and get more leverage out of it, we are seeing it. With respect to the other components of SRS, Michael just commented on the incentive component. And to your other question, we didnt adjust our annual incentive accrual at all in the first quarter. So we booked at a budge, so all of that increase is related to the long term. And on the severance, we had some incremental severance in Europe and we had some severance at a specific agency and you are right, we should get some flow through in the back half of the year.
Peter Stabler: And then I quick follow-on if I could, so on the BB&T -
Frank Mergenthaler: See one moment; we did had some acquisition charges that ended up being reflected in the SRS as well. You know when we had this in the fourth quarter, on certain acquisition if they are performing well, we have to true up the payments and flow through SRS. So that also was a discrete item in the first quarter.
Michael Roth: And again similar to the long term accrual thats a good think, that means that the acquisitions weve done are performing better than what we modeled out when we acquired them. But the great accounting works that flows through operations.
Peter Stabler: Great, one quick follow-up, so on the BB&T because thats a relatively fixed piece of the equation frank, is there a target you have for full year, either this year or next year and where that line could go?
Michael Roth: We have a target of 50 basis points or better of margin improvement.
Peter Stabler: Thank you.
Michael Roth: Welcome.
Peter Stabler: Happy weekend.
Michael Roth: Yeah, too you.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Dan Salmon from BMO Capital Markets.
Dan Salmon: Hi, good morning, everyone. One for Michael and one for Frank. Michael, could you turn back, you had some good comments there about the integration of MullenLowe and I just want to follow-up on that a little bit and maybe if there are some sort of forward milestone that you are looking forward from the agency or maybe is the based terminology and maybe what and then we may be and then sort of the plan you have for it? And then second for Frank, your review on Moodys upgrades at S&P, could you just give us an update on the conversations with the rating agencies right now and where your expectations for those maybe?
Michael Roth: Yeah, well look, weve at the moment at MullenLowe, but weve been repositioning Mullen now. And look Mullen just again this morning won number of awards in the international markets for its creativity and its effectiveness with its clients and its always been an issue for us to give in a deeper presence in the United States, so thats where we think the opportunity lies in terms of utilizing the long network and putting it together with Mullen and in a true merger, this wasnt a partnership, this is merger and we have Alex heading up the global offering. So we see a tremendous opportunity in utilizing the MullenLowe go to market strategy on a global basis with particular emphasis in the United States and were very encouraged in way its being received by the consultancy in terms of pitch activity as well as its performance both with existing Mullen clients as well as the formal Lowe clients. And the team is really matched together, they understand its a unified organization now and its not siloed into Mullen or Lowe and I am very pleased with Alex and his entire team, he headed new people. So were pretty excited about the opportunity. And MullenLowe both have this reputation of creativity and being disrupters if you will in terms of their approach to client servicing and its a tremendous combination plus give the digital media capabilities and Lowe has a prefer which is an outstanding digital arm of Lowe thats performing exceptionally well. So were excited about MullenLowe. And as we are with all of our networks, the leadership we have whether Harris at McCann or Carter at FCB and Henry at Mediabrands, I mean that you know - I am not working on my Gulf team yet but I am very pleased with the leadership team that we have in place. And on rating agency front, both Moodys and S&P have a positive outlook. Were in constant dialog, we would hope to get an upgrade from both those institutions at some point, were not in position to pinpoint a time but we continue to deliver results like that, we would hope to see those upgrades in the near future.
Dan Salmon: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Michael Roth: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Tim Nollen from Macquarie.
Tim Nollen: Hi, thanks. Few things, Michael, could you please elaborate a bit more in your comment on the state of the markets, it seemed just you know last quarter it was kind of nervous times and financial markets were volatile and there were a lot of macro issues. And you express some caution at the time and now your comment seem to be that clients are spending steadily and financial markets have picked up and early stage it picked up. And I just wonder what your - if you give bit more color on the state of clients spending, client thinking in terms of investing and marketing, weve also seen some pretty good results, their comments this reporting season from the likes of retailers and credit card issuers and so on. So it seems like it feels even better now. And then just a quick housekeeping I guess, is there anything we need to know in terms of one off below the line that I mean thats small items but they brought your peers down by a penny in Q1, so anything you know ongoing you know the pass the rate and how should we now about in the coming quarters? Thanks.
Michael Roth: You know I - the one offs items, I think thats a fair point, inclusively looking - if you are looking at the quality of our earnings in the first quarter, if you take off the one off - take out the one off items, obviously the quality of our earnings is very solid and EPS number is not really reflected of the type of performance we had in the first quarter. You know you always have risk in the quarter basis going forward, but I dont believe we have any significant items that we already know about that will hit in that way. The good news is we had the acquisition adjustment in terms of the performance. But the way if we have it going through the rest of the year, that means our acquisitions are even performing better than we thought, so that wont be a bad thing. So I think hopefully we wont have the noise if you will on below the line going forward for the rest of the year. You know my tone and my language is still its cautionary because there is still a lot of stuff going out there. And - but I did say at the end of the year when we talked about the caution that we didnt see any specific areas of caution but there were a lot of noise. If you look at Latin America, its a great example, obviously Brazil is an issue. And frankly if you look at our organic growth in Latin America was over a 11% thats not withstanding the factor Brazil was breakeven and there in Latin America we had very strong results from our digital whether it be R/GA, whether its be Huge, whether it be our media offerings and McCann in Latin America. So we had very positive results not withstanding in a fact that Brazil which is a large market for us has significant risk in terms of whats going on there, obviously the government transitions there are an issue. So that causes us to be some concerns in terms of whats happening there. In terms of the good news on the U.S. side is we are now 63% of our business being in the U.S. versus the end of the year were at 60%. That should be an indication of the strength of our offerings in the United States across the board, PR, media, advertising, digital, experiential and sports marketing, all of them in the United States are performing well which is one of the reason you see a 63% number and we dont need if you look at the forecast through for U.S. media and media overall, were still in the 3% to 4% ad spend in the U.S. and globally which is another reason why were somewhat cautious in terms of what the organic number were putting out there. Asia-Pac continues, China, India, Australia are overall perform. China, we had double digit growth. So we have very solid offerings, India was single digital growth but last year we had very strong comps there, we had to go against. Australia continues to perform. Japan was slightly week. So that causes us, you know its a lot of noise going on about China but our results dont yet reflect there. So we have to be cautious about that. And then you go to Europe and the UK results were slightly offered where were before and that is attributable to one some of our onetime items were not as strong as they were particularly in the UK. Continental Europe again is not significant to us, its about 8% and so one or two items can affect that and were still cautious about Continental Europe. And whats going to happen with that and we dont know, so it has to be some levels of caution, but you have to look at our results, say well, wait a minute, obviously our clients are spending and we continue to see that. So thats the reason we still have some caution out there. And like I said we are not spiking any football but we are just managing our existing clients. Thats why its so important to manage our existing client basis. And thats our strategy as we go forward.
Tim Nollen: Thanks and Frank, could you please elaborate a little bit more on the cost side, I am interested more on the O&G expense, I now youve done a lot of work over the years with shares services in ERP programs and IT consolidation et cetera. And those numbers took another step down in a good way this time. How much more is there to squeeze out or is more of a cost saving still on the salary side?
Frank Mergenthaler: You know Tim, its a good question because we have made investments. We have seen progress. We continue to find floor but you are starting to see some pressure in things like real estate. Certain markets around the world are starting to get fairly expensive. Weve had growth in those markets, so weve got some pressure there in markets like New York and London and Shanghai, but we continue try and leverage the investments weve made to drive more efficiency. And share services are good example. You know we wont more and more processing into our shared services center, we are looking at various end market consolidations in countries. So there is more to do, we never touched, Michael covered about spiking football, were going to continue to press but I am not sure if there is that much more runway, but we are going to continue try. So I think at salaries and leveraging salaries is critical to us. Thats why we are pleased to see the progress in the BB&T leverage.
Michael Roth: You know and otherwise to look at it, if you look at our marketing services, were not at 50-50 and some of you may remember years ago that was one of our objectives to get at a 50-50. And why I was throwing out in our leadership, I have to throughout Andy Polansky at Weber, Coca-Cola, these are tremendous professionals that are just gaining market share in a space that is highly competitive, so I didnt want to make slides of factors besides Frank is sitting next to me of our CMG business who are performing well.
Tim Nollen: Thanks very much.
Michael Roth: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Tom Eagan with Telsey Advisory Group.
Tom Eagan: Great, thank you. Last year you made investment in Samba TV, with all the changes we are seeing in analytics and measurement, could you remind us what the strategic rationale behind that investment was? And what role Samba TV could play in the larger ecosystem? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Frank Mergenthaler: You know one of the great challenges in our industry is measurement and using data resource in terms of allocating our clients money in this complex and varied opportunities to gain insights in the market place. One of the questions is whether a TV even can be included in a real time basis in our programmatic offering and insights in linear TV. And what we like to do is make investments in smaller companies that has some unique capabilities and Samba TV is one of those and our relationship with them in terms of adding that type of insight to our overall data stack is a very important aspect. We have many others as well and we have 100 of different data resources that we use in our analytics and Samba TV was just a unique proposition particularly on the TV side that we felt added some additional credibility and insights for us. And we continue to look at these types of tech and data insight companies to help us provide value to our clients.
Tom Eagan: Great, and then Michael, last quarter call you mentioned that the project business was particularly strong in 2015, but that was unclear that was going to be repeated this year, now that were on April, what are you seeing?
Michael Roth: Well first of all, our project business is very solid. The comment actually related to our digital business in addition to our PR business which is obviously doing well and that has a tendency to be more project base as it experiential on sports. Whats happening on the digital side of the business, our goal is obviously have agency record in. Whats encouraging is we do have longer standing relationships with our special digital agencies thats somewhat different than it used to be in the business which is very encouraging, but still a significant portion of our digital practice is more or less on a project basis. And now I think the definition of product basis is chancing a little bit on the digital side. We have relationship with clients and there spend is vary based on projects within it. We still have the clients. And so for example, we are seeing return of some clients that we had relationships with that may have that spent is much money last year but we are starting to see the spend come back this year. So I characterize that is sort of project business. And I think we have to deal with that more in the environment today, because digital is such a significant part of both our growth and the offerings we have with our clients. So as long as we deliver the best in class offerings and we have the talents and the people, look weve been with a PR business that is more than 50% somewhat on a project basis and we continue to perform. So doesnt scare us, I think its an opportunity but it is a characterization of that business that you have to be sensitive to.
Tom Eagan: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have James Dix from Wedbush Securities.
James Dix: Good morning, gentlemen. I had two questions, first Michael I thought your point you made about the organic growth of 12% for your top 20 clients was quite interesting because I am going to guess that there are ad spending growth organically was not up that much and they are probably their own revenues were not up that much. I dont have the numbers, I am not sure whether you do, but if that is right, I mean what do you think would be driving their increasing spending with you as a service provider relative to the sizes of their business because I think it might reflect somewhat on the place of the agency in the value chain over the longer term as well as obviously some great near term strength? And then my follow-up was just, any major pitches that you would call out in the market right now either opportunities or any potential defenses which you would just have us focus on? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Yeah, well, look obviously our clients based are large multinational clients that have significant advertising dollars and marketing dollars. And our goal is always be to give them the best offerings we have and not just one discipline. The health of a client relationship is that were bringing multiple services to the table and thats truly what the integrated offering is all about. And whats encouraging is that when you look at our top 20 clients, we have multiple disciplines servicing those clients and thats what gives rise to that type of organic growth. So you can take a bigger share of wallet from a particular client even though there spend may not be going up. If you are bringing in PR, if you are brining experiential, if you are bringing in media, so that represents the strength of opportunities with our existing client. So - and thats why I am so pleased with those type of results. And it is so important therefore to keep the backdoor close in terms of servicing clients and thats what this business is about. We have to add value to our clients and its not just one off in terms of that. We have relationship with our clients that have lasted 50 years and of course those relationships go up and down like everything else. And we have to make sure that we are bringing the best ideas and talent to the table and thats what our management teams have been doing so well and thats why were seeing the results that were seeing. And that goes well for frankly not just us but our industry. You know everyone things that were being disintermediated with all those ad techs and other services that are out there, but if with properly servicing our clients and bringing in all the talent and insights that we can bring, we are not going to get disintermediated, in fact we see is an opportunity. So I think so far our results have reflective event. On the pitch side, there are pretty consistent to what we said before, the army which is McCann, they have a statutory of review that weve actually extended. The last time we defended army was in I believe 2011 and its been extended through 2017. So great work both on the media side as well as the PR side and the advertising side and obviously we continue to group to great work over that client and since this is a normal review, we are not taking it lightly, but we believe we have a good change of they are continuing. On the media side, BMW is I think the one pitch that sill remaining that commenced last year and its running into 2016 on the media side. And UM has serviced the account. We won actually someone walks in the meantime in some foreign locations, so we are encouraged to see that. So again that one is still out there. CR from MullenLowe is a review that is driven by procurement, so there too its a mandatory procurement review, its not that we are having trouble with the client, it is putting us a risk, its a review, but every time there is a review there is risk. So those are the only big three that I believe are out there you know of note. There are number of media reviews out there that are review was upside, thats means we are not defending but we are participating in that and its public so I can mention it, thats the 21st Century Fox and Volkswagen, those - we have they are participating in those reviews and we hope to see some positive outcome from that. But again its all upside. And I think those are the major ones that Ill call out right now.
James Dix: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We have Brian Wieser from Pivotal Research.
Brian Wieser: Thanks for taking the question. Hi, good morning. I am sure you all read the article in Champaign a few weeks about regulations and how that might impact the industry. I was wondering if you could talk a bit about that if it plays out, how you would manage the cost that might be incurred associated with it. And more broadly I am curious to hear your thoughts about the potential for more off showing of not just in middle office, but - or the back office but front office operations as well, as we see the industry evolving and business process outsourcing taking a bigger role in what agencies do. I am just curious to hear your kind of long term thoughts on that topic?
Michael Roth: Yeah, first of all as far as the overtime, obviously we looked at it. We dont see it, first of all, it wont in fact impact, if it does until next year, we have some impact in 15. We did do an analysis of it. We dont see a material impact to our business as a result of it given obviously some of the temporary labor and some of our employment practices are effected by, but its not a material number given where we are right now. Outsourcing is you have to define outsourcing. We have a number of our agencies that use foreign sites in the low cost environment to do 24/7 production facilities. And frankly they are doing a tremendous job, we have lower cost excellent talent, very strong results 24/7 and it would be wrong for us not to take advantage of locating those type of facilities in those type of countries. Its not outsourcing in that, its our people that are doing it. So its not that we are using third parties to do but we are locating our people in those geographic regions particularly in Latin America, we are seeing very good results with it. As far as outsourcing the non-production type people, we like New York.
Brian Wieser: Yeah, let me - I just to clarify I mean marketers looking at marketing something that they outsource more and the idea that agencies that role, so thats -
Michael Roth: What we do is, we - our markets because we are using integrated approach, we use resources from all over the world. So whether FCB calls it a creative rumble or McCann has a creative counsel or any of our agencies, the way we approach a creative responsibilities now, you need to have diverse input and we use all of our locations all over the world to do that and thats the value of having global footprints, but we dont see us in particular outsourcing big pools other than the production stuff and gain I dont view that as outsourcing.
Brian Wieser: Okay, thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Brain. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.
Michael Roth: Okay, well thank you all for participating. I look forward to our next quarter and the first half year result. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-12 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC Bill G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome the Interpublic Group Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. . This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 AM Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that are included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and are further detailed in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning, as we review our results for the fourth quarter and 2015. As usual, I'll start out by covering the highlights of our performance; Frank will then provide additional details; and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies, to be followed by our Q&A. We're pleased to report a very strong performance for both the fourth quarter and full year. Among the financial highlights, organic revenue growth was 5.2% in the quarter, which brought our organic growth to 6.1% for the full year. In 2015, we grew organically in every major region of the world and across nearly all major agencies and client sectors. Operating margin in the quarter was 20.8%, an increase of 120 basis points, marking our highest Q4 margins in at least a decade. Full-year operating margin was 11.5%, an increase of a 100 basis points from 2014, which is at the high-end of the range we targeted coming in to the year. Operating profit increased 11% for the full year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year was up 23% to $1.21 from $0.98 in 2014. That excludes a loss of $0.12 per share this year, largely non-cash due to the disposition of non-strategic businesses in the third and fourth quarters. Fourth quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.66, excluding a loss of $0.03 per share for business dispositions. Over the last two years, in a very fast changing and competitive industry, we have achieved total organic revenue growth of 12%, which is outstanding compared to our principal peers. During that two-year span, we have also increased operating profit by 32% and comparable diluted EPS by 55%. All of our people can take pride in these accomplishments. Their talent, the great work they do every day on behalf of our clients what drives such terrific results in the marketplace. We thank them for their hard work and dedication. Returning to the fourth quarter, organic revenue growth was 5.2%. Currency had a negative 5.5% impact on revenue, while net business dispositions were a negative 20 basis points. We posted notably strong growth in the U.S., Asia-Pac, UK and LatAm. Continental Europe remain challenged although the region did show modest organic growth for the full year. Our Q4 growth reflects contributions from all major disciplines, including advertising, media, public relation. We continue to have especially strong performance from the digital services embedded across the portfolio as well as growth at digital specialists R/GA, Huge and MRM//McCann. At the agency level, a wide range of our portfolio contributed to growth led by McCann, Mediabrands, FCB, Weber Shandwick, Golin, Octagon and FutureBrand. The top-performing client sectors in Q4 were tech and telecom, healthcare and financial services. New business was another highlight of the quarter. In media, we were pleased to add Johnson & Johnson's global buying and planning to the roster of 2015 media wins. That includes U.S. responsibilities for J&J, Coca-Cola and CVS. Creative wins in the quarter included Verizon Wireless, MGM Resorts, ALDI Nord, and Bank of America's retail business. As a result, our net new business was positive in Q4 as it has been through the year. Operating expenses were again well managed. Underneath organic growth of 5.2% in the quarter, our organic operating expense increase was 3.1%. The result was Q4 operating margin expansion of 120 basis points. For the full year, operating margin expansion of 100 basis points reflects leverage on both our salaries and related and our office and general expenses. During Q4, we repurchased 5 million shares using $113 million. For the full year, we utilized $285 million for the repurchase of 14 million shares. In our year-end share count, eligible for dilution, decreased 3% compared to 2014. This activity built on a sustained capital return program that we initiated in 2011, since that time, we've returned a total of $2.5 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchase, and we reduced our outstanding shares eligible for dilution by over 25%. In addition, on the strength of our operating results, we have announced this morning our board's decision to raise IPG's quarterly dividend by 25% to $0.15 per share. This marks our third consecutive year of higher dividends with annual increases of 25% or more. We also announced that our board has authorized an additional $300 million for share repurchase. Combined with $159 million remaining on our existing authorization as of the beginning of the year, this brings the total amount available for share repurchase to $459 million. These actions demonstrate our confidence in the financial and operational strength of IPG as well as our future prospects. Turning to our 2016 outlook, it's encouraging to see our agencies competing so successfully in the marketplace. We continue to convert growth to operating profit at a high level and we remain committed to a disciplined use of capital that can further drive shareholder value. As you can see in our results today, the tones of business remains solid through year-end in most major world regions. And we all know that marketing is becoming increasingly complex and dynamic every day, due to the pace of technological innovation and shifting consumer behavior. This represents further opportunity for our company as well as our industry. Given these trends as well as the overall strength of our offerings, we are well positioned to continue to deliver solid growth. There are, however, factors that require us to temper our outlook. Of course, our industry-leading results for past two years sets a high bar for comparable performance in 2016. Moreover, in certain markets, macro conditions present uncertainties and even headwinds. This is true most clearly in Brazil but also with respect to markets such as Continental Europe and the Middle East. There is also concern for slowing in China. The currency environment remains volatile, which could have negative effects on client spending. As we said since the start of the year, there is significant volatility in the financial markets. As a result, the uncertainty we're all experiencing leads us to approach the new year with a degree of caution. Notwithstanding this environment, for 2016 we are currently targeting 3% to 4% organic growth. Net acquisitions to date should add another 50 basis points to our growth in the year. It's worth noting that at current FX rates, the currency impact to our top line as well as to our operating expenses is expected to be approximately negative 2.5% for the full year. Along with this level of growth, we expect to continue to build on our record operating margin expansion. We are therefore targeting an additional 50 basis points or more of margin improvement in 2016, which would bring us to at least 12%, closer to our objective of 13% operating margin or better. As always, as the year unfolds we will regularly review our perspective when we report back to you during our quarterly calls. At this stage, I'll turn things over to Frank for additional details on the results.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On slide two, you'll see a summary of our results. Fourth quarter organic growth was 5.2%. U.S. organic growth was 6.2% and international organic growth was 4.1% with all major regions, except Continental Europe, which decreased only slightly. For the full year, all regions were up organically and organic growth was 6.1%. Q4 operating margin was 20.8% compared with 19.6% a year ago. For the full year, operating margin increased 100 basis points to 11.5% and operating profit increased 11%. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share was $0.63 and was $0.66 excluding expense of $0.03 per share for business dispositions, which is reflected pre-tax in our other expense line. Full-year diluted EPS was $1.09 per share and would have been $1.21 per share excluding business dispositions expense in Q3 and Q4, which were largely non-cash. We purchased 14 million shares for $285 million during the year. As Michael mentioned, we announced this morning that our board has once again significantly increased our common share dividend to $0.15 per share quarterly and added $300 million to our share repurchase authorization. Turning to slide three, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue expenses in detail on the slides that follow. Here it is worth noting a few below-the-line items. The $12 million of expense for the dispositions of a few non-strategic agency offices is reflected in our other expense line below operating income. Our effective tax rate adjusted for the dispositions was 33.1% in the fourth quarter and 35.2% for the full year, which compares favorably to last year's adjusted tax rate. Our tax rate has been volatile from year-to-year, given our operations in over 100 countries, our utilization of loss carry-forwards and the requirements of adjusting valuation allowances. In 2015, our effective tax rate benefited from the implementation of planning strategies and from the net reversal of small tax valuation allowances in the fourth quarter. We expect our normalized effective rate will be in the range of 37% to 39% in 2016. It is also worth noting that our cash tax rate in 2015 was 29%. Turning to revenue on slide four. Fourth quarter revenue was $2.2 billion. Compared to Q4 2014, the impact of the change in exchange rates was a negative 5.5%, while net dispositions were negative 20 basis points. The resulting organic increase was 5.2%. For the full year, the strength of the U.S. dollar continued to have a significant translation impact on reported revenues and operating expenses in all international regions. Revenue growth for 2015 was therefore 1%, consisting of 6.1% organic growth and a positive 30 basis points from net acquisitions, while currency was a negative 5.4%. It's worth noting that our pass-through revenue decreased approximately $25 million organically in 2015 compared to 2014, which was an impact of 30 basis points in organic growth. Lower pass-through revenues are offset dollar for dollar, however, by lower O&G expense. We anticipate a similar negative pass-through impact of 30 basis points to 50 basis points in total organic growth in 2016, which is reflected in the growth targets Michael shared earlier. On the bottom portion of this slide, Q4 revenue growth balanced between our IAN and CMG segments, which had growth of 4.9% and 6.5%, respectively. For the full year, organic growth at IAN was a robust 6.7%. At CMG, organic growth was 3.6% for the year with the important qualifier that this is where we see a disproportionately large impact from decreasing pass-through revenue on the smaller of the two segments. Underlying growth at CMG was high-single digit percent. Moving on to slide five, revenue by region. In the U.S., Q4 organic growth was 6.2%, driven by growth from existing clients and net new business. We were led by our largest fully integrated networks, McCann and FCB, as well as by Mediabrands, R/GA and Huge. We had strong performance from PR agencies Weber Shandwick and Golin. Among client sectors, tech and telecom and healthcare continue to be growth leaders. For the full year, U.S. organic growth was 6.8% with increases across all major disciplines with sector leadership from tech and telecom and healthcare. Turning to international markets, the UK grew 7% organically in Q4. We continue to see solid performance from McCann and FCB and had notable growth at Jack Morton. UK organic growth was 6.6% for the full year. In Continental Europe, the environment for growth continue to be challenging and our agency's revenue change in the quarter was negative 80 basis points. In our largest markets, we had moderate growth in Germany but that was offset by decreases in France, Spain and Italy. For the full year, organic growth for Continental Europe was a positive 1.4%. Overall, the Continent represented 9% of our 2015 revenue mix. In Asia-Pacific, our largest international region, organic revenue growth was 7.9% in Q4. That was on top of 13% growth a year-ago. Among our largest national markets, we had solid increases in India, Australia and China. We had growth across most of our agencies including Mediabrands, McCann, Mullen Lowe, Jack Morton, Weber Shandwick and R/GA. For the year, organic growth in the region was 8.3%, paced by double-digit growth in China, India, Singapore and Hong Kong. In LatAm, we grew 5.5% organically in the quarter on top of 11% growth a year-ago. We continue to see strong performance in Argentina, Mexico and Colombia along with a slight decrease in Brazil due to continued macro headwinds. Our growth in the region is led by McCann, Huge and R/GA. For the year, organic growth was 4.7%. In our other markets group, revenue increased 60 basis points organically on top of 12% organic growth in Q4 2014. This group is made up of Canada, the Middle East and Africa. For the year, organic growth was 4.8%, with strong performance in the Middle East and Canada. On slide six, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. Most recent data point is 6.1% for calendar 2015. Moving on to slide seven, our operating expenses. In the fourth quarter, the organic increase in our operating expenses was 3.1% compared with 5.2% organic revenue growth. Salaries and related expense decreased to 56.2% for the fourth quarter revenue compared with 57.4% a year ago. That was mainly due to lower incentive and other performance-based expenses in the quarter. Incentive expenses were accrued at a higher level over the first nine months of this year compared to 2014 due to strong operating performance throughout the year. Base payroll, benefits and tax increased as a percentage of revenue in Q4, mainly due to the impact of currency changes. Office and general expenses were 23% of fourth quarter revenue this year, the same level as last year. For the full year, operating expenses increased 4.8% on an organic basis compared to organic revenue growth of 6.1%. Looking at the sources of operating leverage for the full year, our ratio of salaries and related expenses to revenue improved 20 basis points to 63.8% from 64% in 2014. Underneath that, base payroll, benefits and tax expense was 52.7% of revenue compared to 52.6% a year ago. But it is worth noting this ratio would have improved by 20 basis points if not for the decrease in our pass-through revenue which is offset in our O&G expenses. Expense for temporary labor was 3.6% of revenue for the full-year 2015 compared to 3.8% a year-ago. Incentive expense was 3.7% of revenue for the full year compared to 3.5% in 2014, reflecting strong performance against our financial targets, almost entirely in our long-term incentive programs. Severance expense was 0.9% of revenue in 2015, the same level as the year-ago. Our other salaries and related category was 2.9% of revenue compared with 3.2% in 2014. Year-end head count was approximately 49,000, an increase of 3.6%. The increases were due to hire in growth areas of our portfolio including McCann, Mediabrands, Public Relations, and for digital talent notably in support of new business wins. Turning to office and general expenses for the full year, O&G was 24.7% of revenue compared to 25.6% in 2014. We had operating leverage on nearly all of our O&G categories as our real estate, purchasing, shared service and IT teams continue to drive significant efficiencies. That includes 40 basis points on occupancy, 10 basis points on telecom, office supplies and travel, and 50 basis points on all other O&G, which includes the benefits of lower pass-throughs. On slide eight, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis. As the chart reflects with the most recent data point 11.5%, we have come a long way. There is still work to be done and we remain highly focused on attaining our long-term goal. Slide nine is provided for clarity on the impact of business dispositions on our diluted earnings per share. As shown here, our loss on sales of businesses was $12 million in Q4 and with minimal tax benefit, resulting in a loss of $0.03 per diluted share. For the full year at right, the expense of our business sales was $50 million before tax with again only a small tax yield. Result was a loss of $0.12 per diluted share for the year. In sum, the adjusted EPS comparison is $1.21 per share for this year and $0.98 per share for 2014. Turning to slide 10, the current portion of our balance sheet. We ended the year with $1.51 billion of cash and short-term marketable securities, which compared to $1.67 billion a year ago. We returned $481 million to shareholders during the year through our share repurchase and common stock dividends. On slide 11, we turn to cash flow for the full year. Cash from operations in 2015 was $674 million compared with $670 million a year ago. That includes $118 million used in working capital compared with $131 million a year ago. Our investing activities used $203 million in the year including $161 million for CapEx and $29 million for acquisitions. Our M&A pipeline continues to be strong. While timing can shift between periods, we've continued to target a $150 million to $200 million annually for acquisitions. Financing activities used $473 million in 2015, mainly $285 million for the repurchase of our common stock and $196 million in common stock dividends. In 2015, our net decrease in cash and marketable securities was $158 million. Slide 12 is the long view of our debt decreasing from $2.3 billion in 2007 to our current debt level of $1.76 billion at the end of 2015. Slide 13 shows the total of our average basic plus dilutive shares over time. And at the far right, is the total as of year-end 2015. This has been an area of substantial progress with average total shares decreasing by 125 million shares over the time period. Our starting position for 2016 is 409 million on the right. In summary on slide 14, we are pleased with our performance in the quarter and the year. Our teams executed very well, achieving strong revenue growth, while maintaining expense discipline. And our balance sheet continues to be a source of value creation as evidently actions announced by our board today. That leaves us well positioned entering 2016. With that, I'll turn it back over to Michael.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Frank. Let me apologize for the granularity we're showing in this report. It is a full-year report, which is why this is the time of the year where we really provide some more detail. So please bear with us. I hope you'll see some of the important ins and outs in our performance for 2015. But from every perspective, 2015 was a very successful year, which saw us accomplish significant milestones in terms of our performance in the marketplace, as well as our financial results. We continue to demonstrate the effectiveness of our offerings with particular emphasis on our creative and digital capabilities. We further strengthened our position as the destination of choice for the industry's top talent. One key element of our talent strategy is the long-standing successful commitment to diversity and inclusion. We reinforce these values through a comprehensive set of award-winning programs, and we ensure accountability by tying executive compensation directly to diversity objectives. We began our formal programs a decade ago. Since then, we've seen dramatic improvements in the diversity of our workforce. An environment that encourage respect and trust is key to a creative business like ours, and a competitive advantage comes with having a variety of perspectives and beliefs when solving our clients' business challenges. The quality of our people and our work helped us deliver industry-leading organic revenue growth, and we further enhanced operating margin by 100 basis points. We also continued to strengthen our capital structure, achieve investment grade status from all the major credit agencies and built on our strong shareholder return programs. Highlights of our performance included continued progress in McCann Worldgroup and shared growth at CMG as well as outstanding performance from Mediabrands in the midst of a historically unprecedented number of media account reviews. R/GA delivered its strongest financial and reputational year ever. FCB continued in the successful implementation of its turnaround plan. We once again saw a dynamic growth from our digital special agencies and within the embedded digital capabilities across our portfolio. The quality of our offerings is at its highest level and well over a decade. This was evident in the recognition we received across the portfolio. We once again led all holding companies in Ad Age A-List honors, with R/GA, McCann and Deutsche on this prestigious list and UM chosen as Media Agency of the Year, a designation it also earned from Adweek. Across every marketing discipline, we posted exceptional performance in the industry's most important competitions that award creativity and marketing effectiveness, Weber Shandwick and Golin won numerous PR Agency of the Year honors. Our healthcare agencies dominated the medical marketing and media awards. At Cannes, R/GA was named Agency of the Year, and The Martin Agency brought home the Grand Prix in the film category. In terms of awards per dollar of revenue, IPG agencies' performance in Effie Awards globally led the industry with MullenLowe taking both the Grand Effie and winning Agency of the Year. Importantly, the effectiveness of our agencies was equally apparent and consistently strong new business performance throughout the year. During 2015, McCann posted strong growth across the range of its agencies and further improved its creative profile. Management continued to build on the level of collaboration and cross-selling within Worldgroup, as well as the strong digital and accountability offerings at MRM. The agency also strengthened its already powerful position in key markets such as India, China and Brazil. At CMG, our award-winning public relation agencies, Weber and Golin continue to gain market share, driven by growth from their largest clients and best-in-class digital in content market capabilities where both firms have established positions at the forefront of their fields. Octagon and Jack Morton remain leaders in their respective disciplines. Mediabrands was also a top-tier performer with very strong performance in the media reviews that dominated the headlines in 2015. Having already won the U.S. J&J, Coke, and CVS assignments, UM closed the year by prevailing in the global J&J consolidation and added a solid showing in the Sony review in early 2016. The organic investments we've made in digital, programmatic and data capabilities are playing a key role in Mediabrands success. R/GA had an outstanding year which featured strong growth, as well as creative work that is recognized across all digital media and increasingly at traditional channels as well. The agency is also a leader in terms of innovation, not only in the agency's offerings, but also with accelerator programs where it incubates startups and share learnings with many other major clients. Positive momentum at FCB continues, as the agency secured new assignments from leading advertisers such as InBev, Coca-Cola, Fiat, Chrysler. At Cannes, FCB had its best performance ever in the arrival of a tremendously talented new global creative leader and take the quality of the agency's products to an even greater height. FCB's healthcare offering was once again a top performer in its space. MullenLowe continue to progress. Their position as a nimble global network with a strong creative culture and contemporary hyperbundled approach is being well received in the marketplace. The global leadership team is aligned and energized. We are also seeing the benefits from the integration of Profero as the group's digital partner, especially in key markets such as the U.S., UK and China. Our focus on open architecture solutions, which combine the best of our talent from across the organization, was once again a meaningful contributor to our results. Many multi-agency opportunities came into the group, domestically and internationally. The largest of these included the year's most significant holding company review in Latin America, LATAM Airlines, which we are now serving in over 20 countries, as well as J&J's Janssen Pharmaceuticals, which further underscores the value that our custom-built Wx unit delivers to this important client. And we continue to improve our delivery of integrated multi-agency solutions for existing multinationals. Overall, our strong performance in 2015 reflects a series of long-term strategic decisions we have backed with significant investment over time. The key drivers of our industry-leading organic revenue performance have been talent acquisition and development, particularly in creative and strategic roles, the open architecture model that I just discussed, as well as embedding digital experience into all our agencies. Our commitment to developing new skills, products and services and incorporating technology in all of our offerings has allowed us to stay highly relevant in the digital world. For the year, we also saw continued progress related to the operating and financial management of our company. First and foremost, significant improvements in profitability keep us on track to achieving our long-term goal. Many initiatives are fueling the strong profitability trajectory that Frank shared with you. Among them are our performance incentives put in place that are driving continued focus on leveraging our investment in base payroll and temporary labor. On the real estate front, our measure of square foot per employee decreased again in 2015 by approximately 3% to 202 square feet, down from over 240 square feet a few years ago. In the back office, over 75% of global revenue is now on an SAP platform, most of which is supported by our shared services. This included 2005 (sic) [2015] additions in India, China, and the U.S. with plans to add our agencies in Australia and Brazil in 2016. Our return of capital programs also continue to positively impact results, and we've put approximately $2.5 billion towards total shareholder returns since 2011, the point in which we reinstituted these programs. We remain fully committed to further improving margins and building on these robust capital return programs. The latter is evident in our board's actions announced today with our dividend increase by 25% and provided for our current authorization of approximately $460 million for share repurchase. We are well positioned as we move into 2016. As you've heard me say before, complexity is good because the value proposition of our portfolio of offerings is highly relevant to clients as they seek to navigate a dynamic media and marketing landscape. The general tone of the business remains solid. Yet as we've seen since the start of the year, there is significant volatility in the financial markets, and we will closely monitor the impact it has on consumer sentiment. We are therefore approaching the year with appropriate degree of caution. Therefore, for 2016, we're targeting 3% to 4% organic growth, an improvement of margin of 50 basis points or more. Coupled with our continued commitment to capital returns, we are confident that achieving these targets will allow us to build on our strong track record of enhancing shareholder value. We thank you for your time and support, and we look forward to updating you on our progress on our next call. At this point, I'll open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin our question-and-answer session. Our first question is from the line of Ms. Alexia Quadrani of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much. I guess my first question is, Michael, you have such great insight in sort of what the advertisers are thinking and sometimes there is a disconnect between Wall Street and Main Street. I guess what I'd love to hear is what are your advertisers saying in terms of their outlook for the year. And I guess how rattled are they, if at all, about any of these macro concerns? And then just sort of a follow-on kind of along that same theme there. Your new business wins have been so impressive from what we can see on the outside. You guys see a lot more obviously internally. Do you think you're in a better position, I guess, going into 2016 than you were in 2015 in terms of your tailwind of new business?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well. Good morning to you, Alexia. How come you didn't ask me how our January sales were?
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I still might.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Look, I don't think there is any question that there appears to be a disconnect between what's happening in the market and business. If you look at how we finished the fourth quarter, the tone of our business was solid. That said, as we look into 2016, everyone on a global basis is watching this very carefully and are concerned about the future direction of the global economy. Our business is subject to changes in macroeconomics. And that's why we've put a tone of caution in terms of our forecast for 2016. That said, we haven't seen major pullbacks by our clients. We do our budgeting on a zero-up basis. We take all of our agencies. They look at their book of business. They look at what they anticipate based on conversations with our clients. They put some levels of caution in those numbers. They also put some levels of optimism in terms of to-be-generated revenue. It's not an exact science and  which is why if you look at 2015, we started the year fairly conservative. And as we went through the year, we upped our guidance, and we expanded our margin expectations. But the tone right now is okay, particularly if you look at 59% of our business is in the United States, and although we don't see high expectations in terms of growth, 3% to 4% growth in the United States enables us to expand margin by at least 50 basis points. And that's, to answer your other question, gives us a conversion around close to 30%, which is what we've always said. And if you expand the organic growth, that's where you see expansion of over the 50 basis points. So the tone of the business, at least right now, is consistent. But, again, given this volatility, it's something that we have to put some element of caution out there. And I think it would be irresponsible for us not to have done that. And certainly, you're seeing that by our competitors in terms of the numbers they're showing. Let me just comment. And Frank mentioned it, we do build in about 3% to 4%, some element of our pass-through in that guidance. So if you assume the 30-basis point to 50-basis point reduction in the pass-throughs, effectively that organic number is 3.5% to 4.5%. And let me just add that that pass-through is a direct pass-through. It's not us taking positions with respect to digital inventory, which I'm sure will be another question. As far as the headwinds and tailwinds, yeah, we had some great wins on the media side. We did have some losses. There is a change in the tone of our business, and that is because a significant part of our business growth is coming from digital. Digital business tends to be much more project-oriented. And as a result, some projects that we were able to deliver in 2015, we're not sure of repeating in 2016. So with respect to tailwinds, the tailwinds are in a specific, as we've said going into 2015. That said, we do have tailwinds, but I wouldn't equate them to as high a number as we had in 2015. But the other side of it, given our performance on the digital side, we believe our offerings are so strong that we'll see a project-based business continue in 2016.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And if I just squeeze in one more. Maybe for Frank, if you're looking at the margin permit this coming year. I guess, where do you think most of the leverage comes from the salaries and related or the O&G?
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No. we're looking for both, Alexia. The key thing, the key metric that we look at is organic growth versus organic growth of our expenses. And it gets little convoluted when you look at the individual metrics because of the impact of passers on those metrics and also the impact of the foreign exchange. So again, we're looking at leverage out of both of our major cost buckets.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks very much. Congratulations on a great year.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Janedis with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Michael, great to see the consistency this year. I know you talked about some of the headwinds globally. But as for the budget, are you assuming a similar performance out of Continental Europe and Latin America particularly in light of the comments on Brazil? And then on the related topic, given the comments about a potential currency impact on spend, was there any visible impact last year given the impact from currency? Thanks.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Look, we went into 2015 assuming plus or minus 1% in Continental Europe. We actually ended up on a full-year basis up 1%, a little bit over.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So for our forecast for 2016 is very similar to how we went into 2015. I might add, we did increase some margin in Continental Europe which shows if we have revenue we can expand margin. The second half of year of Brazil was better than the first half of the year. We had some hiccups in Brazil in the first half of the year. We're not assuming a big recovery in Brazil. But we do see offsets in the rest of Latin America which is why we believe we should have a good year coming out of Latin America. So that's built in to our forecast. We're not expecting double-digit growth in LatAm. Remember, we're coming off of double-digit growth for 2015. So we expect some single-digit growth  mid-single digit growth in Latin America.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just separately, Frank, given the uncertainty, is this going to be a year where temp labor ticks up rather than full-time hires? And does budget assume an increase in FTEs?
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You know, John, we look at total SRS and really don't bifurcate between  base that on the tax and temp. Yeah. I think there is a tendency to leverage temp when there is a lot of new business activity, which we saw last year. But I think we managed it quite well. But we don't get that granular. We look at our agencies to deliver an SRS target that we said in the budgeting process.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Speaking of that, was project business up in the fourth quarter?
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Michael, two for you. I'm wondering if maybe you can time travel back to the last two Februaries when you also guided the 3% to 4% and help us think about whether there is anything different that you see today in macro uncertainty versus the last two years where I think Europe was probably a friend of mine. Obviously, we've got some issues in other  in emerging markets now. I'm just wondering if you think things are worse, better or sort of similar to how your clients are talking to you about their business today versus the past years, when obviously, you delivered strong results. And then, you had made a comment in a recent conference that you thought media review activity could be pretty high in 2016. I'm just wondering maybe you could revisit that comment and sort of fill us in a little bit. And then, Frank, I'm just wondering if maybe you could give us some cash tax guidance or help for 2016 or any comment around your NOL position at this point. Thank you, guys.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You keep forgetting I'm a tax guy. I'll only answer the tax question for you.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: You yelled at me last time for that, too. I keep forgetting. Sorry.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay. Cash taxes are at 29%. We've used up our NOL in the U.S., which is why the cash taxes have gone up. We still have over $1 billion of NOL, but that's principally over in Europe which we can't use until those earnings take effect. So we did see some benefit there. But basically our cash taxes are in the 29% range right now.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think it's different. Now, look, first of all, let me talk about the UK. I think what we have seen if you compare it to two years ago, a turnaround in the UK, so we're forecasting it as our performance this year was 7% to 8% and we see a good solid year for the UK as well going into 2016. So I think that's a  and that's a big thing. It's 9% of our business. And so therefore, that's encouraging for us going into 2016. I think Continental Europe anecdotally seems to be better but I haven't met anyone who isn't concerned about Continental Europe. I was in Davos, the conversations continued to be concerned with the financial institutions in Europe in particular, and I think that uncertainty drives our clients to be concerned. That said, it's a global economy and there is no question that our multinational clients are looking for growth markets, India, China, Latin America, frankly United States, we're seeing a good pickup in the United States, and I think that's a little bit different than it was a couple of years ago. So there is no question that this volatility in the financial markets and in the financial institutions is giving everyone a lot of angst in terms of whether it be access to liquidity, whether affecting the capital markets and if I were running one of those companies I would be looking hard at the same, which puts an additional burden on what we have to do. I think they're not stopping spending, they're just being very careful in terms of where they spend. And that puts the burden on us to prove that what we do actually works. And if we can put together a fully integrated offering, that shows how we can move the needle, it's innovative, we save some money in the process. We're effective, we're held accountable for the performance of that. Then I think our clients have the money to spend, and they will do that. But they do have an element of caution in that, which is why it's still early in the year and a lot of things are happening, and let's face it, we have issues with oil. And who knows what's going to happen with the price of oil and those kind of things? So there is caution out there. But what's amazing is our business  as I said, we're not expecting a 6% growth again. We're forecasting 3% to 4%, and if we deliver 3% to 4%, we can expand margin by a healthy 50 basis points or better. And I think that's a reasonable way to go into 2016. I'm not trying to be a Debbie Doubter here, but I'm just trying to be cautious in terms of what may be ahead of us, and if we're wrong, then we'll adjust accordingly. But right now, I'm comfortable with the numbers that we're putting out there.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Anything on the reviews front?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I mean, we still have  the U.S. Army is probably the biggest one that's with mandatory review. Last time we had it, we were prevailed in the review. BMW media is still out there. We're comfortable where we are in that. The rest of reviews were challenges, so we hope to pick up some business along those lines.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning and thanks for taking the questions. A couple if I could. Michael, wondering on the guidance and the reference to the 30 bps to 50 bps headwind from pass-through, is that tied to the dispositions this year? And then just generally speaking, wondering if you could back up a little bit and talk about the CMG services, the below-the-line stuff in some cases, branding event, shopper marketing, sport sponsorship. PR has been doing well. But give us your outlook. A lot of time spent talking to investors about concerns on secular challenges, most of that have to do with traditional advertising. I just want to  I just wonder if you look at that question through the lens of marketing services, what's the outlook there? And then one quick follow-up. Thanks.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Okay. Pass-through is a direct pass-through. It has nothing to do with dispositions. So the 30 basis points is apples-to-apples, and that's principally from our CMG businesses, particularly Jack Morton and our event businesses. And again, as you recall, those are direct pass-throughs for revenue and expenses. I'll comment on PR. And so I'm going to let Frank talk about it since it falls within his purview. Remember, the PR business has changed dramatically, okay? What's happening is all our different disciplines, they're all covering also some aspects of the marketplace, digital capabilities, social networking, social media, content. All of that is part of what we're seeing across the board in both digital and PR agencies and our traditional agencies. And as a result, Weber Shandwick in particular was a leader in terms of looking at their portfolio and converting to the digital and social environment. And as a result, we've seen them taking market share out there, it's because of their content and new thinking in terms of PR. Now, we're encouraged by that. We think they continue  we have best-in-class offerings there and we continue to see solid growth there. Frank?
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I mean, to add on to Michael's comments, we made specific investments of our new capabilities around PR. And you look at our performance at Weber, at Golin, at DeVries, it's clear they're gaining market share. And the critical thing is we're going to need to continue to invest and keeps our place in the marketplace. And looking at the rest of the portfolio, our sports business at Octagon, our experiential business at Jack Morton are very, very strong. And the CMG segment does get impacted by the decline in pass-through, and that's intentional. We've been trying to migrate our contracts away from being a principal specifically in our experiential business to an agent. So when you look at it on a net revenue basis, our growth has been high-single digits for the past three years. So those businesses are very, very healthy. And it's nice in our branding business that future brands had, again, a very strong year. So we're very supportive of that segment and we'll continue to invest.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Let me add. By the way, when we say we talk about invest, we actually had an acquisition by Golin in China this year. And we haven't had one  we basically grow our businesses in China organically by hiring some really talented people as we did in 2015. But for Golin, we actually hired  we bought a company that's very attractive and added to their portfolio. The other important point is when we talk about integrated offerings, we mean it. And so when we put together open architecture, whether it's Golin, whether it's Octagon, whether it's Weber Shandwick, we bring them into the open architecture model. So when we're sitting at the table and presenting the best of IPG to our clients, it includes a full array of our businesses. So our marketing services, our traditional agency businesses, our digital capabilities, and our media, they're all sitting at the table. And frankly, that's what clients want to see. And the collaboration is critical to that, which is why we spend so much time on collaboration within IPG. And this open architecture model actually works. And even on  when we're just looking at media pitches, we bring in the open architecture on media. We have different disciplines, digital, experiential. All of that comes to play in these pitches. And frankly, I'm a firm believer that's one of the reasons we've been successful in the new business arena because I've heard a number of clients say to me when we walk out of the room that what was refreshing is that they didn't know which individuals was from which discipline, and the team really spoke as one voice. And they were focusing on clients. And that makes a big difference to the clients because they don't have to worry about our silos and our issues. They're just interested in servicing their clients. And if we didn't have the marketing service arm that we have at CMG and the media, and the digital capabilities, and the creative capabilities at our agencies, we wouldn't be able to do that. So I'm very comfortable with that.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for all the color. I'll leave it there.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. Our next question is from Tom Eagan with Telsey Advisors. Your line is now open.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, that was a good question. Thank you. Can we go on to the next?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Wieser with Pivotal. Sir, your line is now open.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. On that open architecture angle, I was curious if you could just comment a little bit about Philippe Krakowsky's role now with Mediabrands and sort of what the thinking is behind that and how that presumably ties into bringing resources across the holding company into Mediabrands or tying it together. And separately, maybe a bigger picture question, I'm curious about how you think about either making or refraining from strategic shifts at the holding company level versus encouraging the individual business units to do the same. We've seen Publicis obviously stake a claim in consulting services and WPP maybe a bit more investing across ecosystem and content and media owners and data. I'm just curious how you're thinking about the role of the future direction of marketing services and where that should originate from.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. First of all, as you know, Philippe is sort of an integral part of the collaboration we have at IPG. Henry has done a tremendous job in coming into Mediabrands and the success of Mediabrands is pretty evident by the results of their performance. And he's done a great job, Henry and his team and his UM initiative and all the rest of Mediabrands. Philippe's oversight and role at Mediabrands is exactly that, to bring  to make sure that we're looking at all the possibilities of collaboration and, as well, Philippe has a technology background and helping in terms of new media and new technology as well. So it was exceptionally well received at Mediabrands and the people. But frankly, Philippe has an HR responsibility, so he knows a lot of those people very well and they've worked very closely together. So I can't tell you how many favorable e-mails I received from both clients as well as individuals on that move, so we're really excited about it. Marketing services, as I said, it fits very nicely into the open architecture model. I don't believe we have to own various data sources and so on when we can rent them. But that said, we did a data analytics acquisition in Israel this year. Mediabrands has their own data sources and when they need to use that, they have over 80 or 100 different data sources. So as long as there is partnering out there where we can rent it, we think we have to do it. We have a sufficient amount of analytics and data to make our offerings competitive, if not better, and we don't have to own it. But when there are unique opportunities out there, we make some tactical investments in it. We did it in a little company  in Samba TV. We did it in Keep. So we look at it both ways. The key to this in the open architecture is having a vehicle without having to restructure our corporation to collaborate. And since we've been doing it for 10 years, we didn't need to restructure our entire company. We have high-priority objectives for all of our CEOs that require them to collaborate both within their networks as well as outside. So it's kind of interesting to see everybody jumping on this but we started doing this 10 years ago and it's part of our DNA. And every time there is a new thing out there in terms of whether it be data, whether it be content, we want to participate, and we'll do it through our partnerships, through investments or just contractual arrangements.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Brian. Operator, next caller  next question, please.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I guess it's been that clear.
Operator: Thank you. Sir, our next question, thank you, is from Mr. Bill Bird with FBR. Sir, your line is now open.
Bill G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: ... 2016. And then second, what are your current thoughts on targeted leverage? Thank you.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Bill, I'm sorry. We didn't hear the first part of your question.
Bill G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I'm sorry. I was wondering if you could talk about the new buyback authorization and what a reasonable pace of buybacks do you expect in 2016.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, we've been averaging close to $300 million buybacks per year. And we have an extra $149 million on top of the authorization. We're not committed to doing all of it in one year. We have  we'll have a normalized annual buyback throughout the year. That said, every once in a while we're opportunistic. You saw we were a little over-weighted in the fourth quarter when we saw some price pressure on our stocks. So we have the flexibility. But for analytics point, if you use $300 million I think that's a reasonable number for us to spend and will be opportunistic and see how the marketplace goes. This is part of a long-term strategy. We believe that given our leverage, obviously, bringing our ratings up one more notch would be very helpful to us. In that it will give us  free our commercial paper program which could help us in terms of cyclicality of our cash flows. And that could free us some additional cash as well. So from an overall program point of view, we're very comfortable with our balance sheet and where we are. We hope to have a commercial paper program if we get one more notch up. We have a robust return of capital on buybacks and a 25% increase in dividend is a very nice mix between dividends and buybacks. So our overall structure in terms of return has been very well received by the investors. Before year-end, between Frank and myself and Jerry, we've met with most of our shareholders and this is based on the input we're getting from all of our shareholders. And as far as our leverage, we're very comfortable and then we want to be where we are heading into a market that is as volatile or potentially volatile as it is right now.
Bill G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Mr. Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Sir, your line is now open.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Well, thanks. I wonder if I could try to tie together a few of the threads in the conversation here and ask a question this way. Given the sense of confusion between what the financial market is telling us and what you and your peers are telling us about ad spending, I wonder if there is something beyond traditional advertising or even traditional marketing services in what you are doing with your clients, i.e., are companies like IPG becoming more business services providers, providing technology and advertising and marketing services overall and, therefore, you become more embedded in your client's budget processes and therefore you have a greater chance of sustaining more resilient spending beyond just what we might call advertising and marketing services? Is that something that maybe is providing a sense of optimism amongst your clients on their spending?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Tim, that's a great question and the answer to that is yes, okay, particularly on the digital. If you look, for example, what R/GA is doing in terms of design and business planning and product development, the accelerator program are examples of that. We have capabilities. There aren't many companies that have the capabilities we have both in terms of typical advertising role, media planning, content distribution, digital expertise, insights, all of that put together. And frankly, what we do actually works. And we have data and we have all sorts of information that shows that if we can bring all of these offerings together, we can, in fact, help our clients move the needle. And it's refreshing to be able to walk into a room and put together some new ideas from a business context. And you're right, it's not just traditional advertising. It's looking into the future. We can anticipate where consumers are going to be spending their money. And based on those insights, we can help our clients real-time look at where they can allocate their dollars. And if it's not working, we can shift with them. We can create dashboards with our clients. We can help them do design work. We can do branding for them. It really turns out to be a full-service offering that we can tap into, and it gives them a degree of comfort that they're getting cutting-edge insights without having to add 12 different disciplines coming in a room working together. So I do believe. And of course, we do consulting. I mean, several of our agencies have a consulting bases armed to it. So yes, our business is changing. And frankly, that's why I'm bullish on our industry. For years, they've talked about our industry being dis-intermediated, going away. We always find a way to sustain ourselves. And I think if you look at our results, you had a pretty good indication that we're capable of doing that. So yes, I thank you for that question.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: With that said, I think those were our last questions. I really thank you for your support throughout the year. We're excited about 2016, notwithstanding some caution that we've made. And I look forward to bringing it to light. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Tim W. Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that are included in our earnings release and the slide presentation, and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning as we review our results for the third quarter and nine months of 2015. I'll start out by covering highlights of our performance. Frank will then provide additional detail, and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies and the tone of our business, to be followed by Q&A. We're pleased to report another quarter of strong organic revenue and profit growth. Organic revenue growth in our third quarter was 7.1%, on top of the very strong comps from the year ago. Net acquisitions had a positive impact of 10 basis points, while FX was a negative 5.9%. However, FX had very little impact on our operating margin. Total revenue growth was 1.3%. We continue to see positive contributions to our top line performance from a broad range of our creative, media, and marketing services offerings. Across the group, our digital capabilities were again significant drivers of growth. We also continue to drive strong growth in our largest regional markets with the U.S., Asia-Pac, and UK all showing very good advances. Organic growth in LatAm was also very strong in the quarter. From the standpoint of client sectors, we saw growth across all client verticals. The best performance came in tech and telecom, financial services, food and beverage, and healthcare. Our operating profit in the quarter was $192 million, an increase of 12% from the year ago. Q3 operating margin expanded 100 basis points to 10.3%. We had leverage on both our salaries and related, and office and general expenses. Worth noting that below operating profit, other expenses in the quarter includes charges totaling $38 million to dispose of certain smaller business units, which were underperforming and which we deemed as non-strategic, all of which were outside the U.S. Most of the expense was non-cash. Frank will have more color in his comments. The after tax expense was $0.09 per diluted share in the quarter and $0.08 for the nine months. Excluding the charge of the disposition, diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.27, an increase of 29% compared to the prior period. Looking at the first nine months, organic revenue growth was 6.5%, on top of 5.9% a year ago. We posted a 17% increase to operating profit and a 34% increase in adjusted diluted EPS. This represents industry-leading organic revenue growth and profit growth. That's an accomplishment which all our people across the company can be proud of. Turning back to a bit more detail on the quarter. U.S. organic growth was 7.1%, on top of 7.9% a year ago, which is an outstanding result. We had growth at most of our agencies, notably McCann, Mediabrands, FCB, Deutsche, R/GA, Weber Shandwick and Golin. International growth was 7.1%, once again driven by our full range of services. By regions, we were led by 14.4% growth in LatAm, where we saw increases in most national markets. Asia-Pac increased 7.2% organically, and was highlighted by our continuing strong trends in India and China. In the UK, organic growth was 5.2%, on top of last year's 12% growth. We were led by the growth of R/GA and our marketing services specialist at CMG. In Continental Europe, Q3 organic growth was essentially flat, and we continue to stay focused on improving our talent and capabilities in this region. The first nine months, 6.5% organic growth reflected growth in every region of the world, and contributions across all major disciplines. Nine months operating margin growth was 100 basis points, with leverage on our base payroll, benefits and tax and on office and general expenses. As we said previously, supporting our best-in-class offerings, as well as cost discipline and margin enhancement continue to be our top priorities, and we are successfully executing against those objectives. With respect to share repurchase, during Q3, we used $70 million to repurchase 3.6 million shares. Through nine months, we've utilized approximately $172 million of share repurchases, and we have $271 million remaining on our authorization as of September 30. Since instituting our return of capital programs in 2011, we have returned $2.3 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases, as well as reduced our dilutive share count by 26%. In sum, our performance in the quarter and year-to-date continues to demonstrate industry leadership in the strong position of our offerings. Heading into our important fourth quarter, economic conditions in some areas of the world will present macro headwinds and uncertainties. While those have been incorporated into our outlook, the overall tone of business nonetheless remains solid and we continue to effectively manage expenses. Previously, we increased our full year 2015 organic growth target to 4% to 5%. Our strong performance through nine months has us on track to exceed 5%. We also remain well positioned to achieve 100 basis points of margin expansion this year, the high-end of our targeted range. With that overview, I'll turn it to Frank for additional detail on our results, and I'll join you after his remarks for an update on our operating units, to be followed by Q&A.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Michael. Good morning. As a reminder, I'll be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On slide 2, you see a summary of our results. Organic growth was 7.1% in the third quarter, evenly balanced between the U.S. and International. In our first nine months, organic revenue growth was 6.5%. Q3 operating profit was $192 million, an increase of 12%. For the first nine months, operating profit grew 17%. Q3 margin of 10.3% improved 100 basis points, and our margin for the nine months also improved 100 basis points. We had a below-the-line charge of $38 million for the disposition of selected non-U.S. business units. Most of the charge is the balance sheet write-off of currency translation adjustments built up over the years with the balance representing the net assets of the disposed businesses. This pertains to a handful of business for which revenue was small, with non-cash translation adjustments magnified by large FX changes over the years. The impact of this charge to reported diluted EPS was $0.09 for the quarter. Excluding the charge, diluted EPS was $0.27, which compares to Q3 2014 at $0.21, a 29% increase. Q3 fully diluted shares decreased 3% from last year due to our share repurchase program. Turning to slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. I've already covered the disposition-related charges and other expenses. Slide 4 has more detail on our revenue growth. Revenue was $1.87 billion in the quarter, an increase of 1.3%. Compared to Q3 2014, the impact of the changing currency exchange rates was a negative 5.9%, with the dollar significantly stronger in all regions of the world. Acquisitions added 10 basis points to revenue. The resulting organic revenue increase was 7.1%. As you can see on the bottom half of this slide, at our Integrated Agency Networks the organic increase was 8%. This was led by our global integrated offerings at McCann and FCB, by Mediabrands, Deutsch and by R/GA. IAN's growth was 7.5% over the first nine months. At our CMG segment, Q3 organic growth was 3.7%. We continue to have very strong growth at our PR agencies, notably Weber Shandwick and Golin which grew at double-digit rates. Organic growth was 2.5% at CMG for the first nine months but was mid-single digit increase excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenues. Moving on to slide five, revenue by region. In the U.S., Q3 organic growth was outstanding at 7.1% with contributions coming from a very broad cross-section of agencies, disciplines, and client sectors. For the nine months organic growth was 7%. In the UK, Q3 organic growth was 5.2% on top of 12.2% last year. We had notably strong performance at R/GA, McCann, Octagon and Weber Shandwick. For the nine months organic growth was 6.5%. Continental Europe was essentially flat organically in Q3. Our largest markets in the continent were mixed, with Spain up organically, Italy and France flat, and Germany down. In Asia-Pac, our largest international region, Q3 organic growth was 7.2%, propelled by strong growth in China and India. Growth for the nine months was 8.4%, a performance that speaks to the strength of our positioning across our global integrated agencies, our media business, our digital specialists, and our public relations offerings. In LatAm, our organic increase was 14.4% in the quarter. We continue to see very strong performance in most national markets such as Mexico, Argentina, and Colombia, which is consistent with the first half of the year. We also had improved quarter in Brazil, although business conditions generally remain challenging there. In the quarter, we had leading contributions to growth in the region by McCann, Mediabrands, R/GA, and Huge. Our Other Markets group, which is made up of Canada and the Middle East and Africa, grew 13.5% organically in the quarter due chiefly to strong performance in the Middle East as well as growth in Canada. On slide six, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 6%. Moving on to slide seven, our operating expenses. In the third quarter, total operating expenses increased 20 basis points from a year ago compared with our reported revenue growth of 1.3%. As a result, margin expanded 100 basis points. Underneath that performance, our ratio of salaries and related expenses to revenue in the quarter was 64.4% this year, an improvement of 50 basis points from a year ago. We had 50 basis points of leverage in our base payroll, benefits and tax expense, as well as 20 basis points on temporary labor. Our accrual for incentives increased by 40 basis points as a percent of revenue, driven by our strong operating performance. Total head count at quarter end was approximately 48,700, an increase of 3.2% year-on-year. The increase chiefly reflects organic hiring in support of growth in areas such as digital, creative, healthcare and PR, as well as regionally in the U.S., UK and Asia-Pac. Turning to office and general expenses on the lower half of this slide, O&G expense was 25.3% of Q3 revenue compared with 25.8% a year ago, an improvement of 50 basis points. Our improvement was driven by leverage on expenses for occupancy, travel, office supplies and telecom and all other O&G expense. On slide eight, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 11.1%. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on slide nine, we ended the third quarter with $881 million cash and short-term marketable securities. Comparison to December 31 reflects our cash level is seasonal and tends to peak at year-end. On slide 10, we turn to our third quarter cash flow. Cash provided by operations was $281 million compared with $176 million a year ago. Working capital was a source of $154 million this year compared with the use of $11 million in Q3 2014. Investing activities used $41 million in the quarter primarily for CapEx. Financing activities used $151 million mainly in capital return to shareholders, $70 million for share repurchases, and $48 million for common stock dividends. Our net increase in cash and cash equivalents for the quarter was $26 million. On slide 11, we showed debt deleveraging from a peak of $2.35 billion in 2007 to $1.75 billion at the most recent quarter end. In summary, on slide 12, the quarter and the year-to-date represents very solid performance and progress for meeting our financial objectives for the full year. We are seeing growth in areas where we have focused our investment on both people and acquisitions. Our operators are focused on the appropriate cost discipline and margin expansion, and our balance sheet is an important area that we continue to deploy for value, going forward. With that said, let me turn it back to Michael.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Frank. It's worth repeating that we're pleased to continue reporting strong results. In terms of organic revenue growth and margin progress, Q3 continues to make us a leader in our peer group. Contributions came from across the portfolio in terms of agencies, geography, client categories, all fueled by the outstanding creativity, insights and digital capabilities that we have throughout Interpublic. Our success is a reflection of the strength of our offerings and our client-centric focus. Ultimately, it is driven by the caliber of our people. Across the group, we continue to see evidence that Interpublic and our agencies are consistently a first choice for the industry's best talent. For some time, talent has been a top strategic priority for us, one that has fueled our return to levels of organic growth that are fully competitive or better. We are proud that our culture has become a differentiator for us, and has our longstanding commitment to diversity and inclusion, where we have a strong and established track record as the leader in our space. On our call last quarter, we drilled down and provided greater focus on the role digital expertise is playing in all of our work we do for our clients from advertising to media and marketing services. We pointed out that unlike others in our space, IPG digital capabilities have been largely grown organically and are embedded within every one of our disciplines. This commitment to incubating new skills, developing new products and services and investing in new technology has allowed us to stay highly relevant in today's digital world. It gives us confidence that our offerings are forward facing, competitive and increasingly vital to clients as they seek to navigate the complexity of media and marketing landscape. Operationally, it's clear that we continue to be disciplined in terms of cost management. We remain focused on converting at the appropriate levels to deliver 100 basis points of margin improvement for the year. We also remain committed to robust capital return programs that have been driving further value creation for our shareholders. As we look to the fourth quarter, the tone of the business is solid. Clients are being measured in their approach but the year-end period will be key to delivering for all marketers and they are relying on partners that have the tools, insights and capabilities to connect with the consumers across channels and drive desired business outcomes. We remain cautious on Europe, although our plans did not factor in growth in that region. The Brazilian and Chinese economies have been challenged although our operations in those regions continue to deliver results. The new business pipeline is solid. Year-to-date, we continue to be net new business positive and in fact, near the top of the new business league tables. The significant number of media pitches continue, and it bears noting that we've been performing well to-date with a number of headline wins, notably UM's win of the Coca-Cola media review, J&J's U.S. media buying and planning accounts, as well as CVS and McCormick, which was won in collaboration with R/GA. Those are a reflection of the cutting-edge offerings we have within Mediabrands in terms of strategic media thinkers, outstanding digital and data platforms and the scale and expertise to deliver buying efficiency to some of the world's largest and most demanding clients. An additional point that is worth repeating when it comes to emerging media is that we do not take ownership of digital media for resale to clients. So our strong organic growth does not reflect the growth of digital media arbitrage revenue that you're seeing among some of our peers. We take principal positions and resell owned inventory to clients at a margin. We continue to believe that our role as an agnostic consultant is key and allows us to provide clients with the recommendations and services that are best for their business. We also remain committed to the highest standard of transparency, an area in which we've been a leader for some time. This continues to gain in importance as the world of digital media is beset by challenges surrounding viewability and other issues that make it imperative that we serve as wholly objective partners to our clients. McCann continues to post strong performance, with outstanding creative work on its major multinationals and notable local market wins in the UK, Australia and India. We're seeing great collaboration within Worldgroup, and this cross-selling and integration is helping them win new accounts as well as increase their share of wallet with existing clients. The digital and healthcare units within McCann had strong performance. In the healthcare space, it was good to see that McCann Health and FCB Health led us to outstanding performance at the Medical Marketing and Media competition, where we bested the other holding companies in terms of awards won. Progress at FCB continues. The agency is consistently appearing on pitch lists with notable recent wins with Lincoln Financial by the New York office, BMO Harris Bank by the Toronto Office, new work from Coke at FCB in South Africa, and strong momentum at Inferno FCB in London. FCB Health remains a powerhouse in its field; and the agency's shopper marketing operation, FCB/RED is also a very strong resource. At CMG, our award-wining public relations Weber Shandwick and Golin continue to gain market share. Beyond digital, where both firms have been in the forefront of their discipline, they are also moving into content marketing and upstream to more strategic and integrated opportunities. We are well-positioned here and we are also seeing good progress from our sports and entertainment and experiential businesses, as well as continuing improvement in the branding sector. Focus on Mullen Lowe during the quarter was squarely on merger integration and setting the stage for a successful 2016 and beyond. The agency's senior global leadership recently met to decide on and articulate the network's market position, strategy, and brand identity. This will include both agencies' long-standing commitment to creative excellence, Mullen's contemporary hyperbundled approach and Lowe's deep knowledge of dynamic international markets. It's a combination that's working for many leading clients, including Unilever, and we look forward to seeing it build positive momentum in the marketplace. Our U.S. independents continue to be a source of strength for Interpublic. Deutsch is an example of the benefits of combining big, creative ideas, with a fully-integrated suite of digital capabilities. The Markham Agency, Hill Holliday and Carmichael Lynch are other agencies that deliver with this model and provide us with a range of options that can meet the needs of domestic clients. In terms of digital, our offerings are consistently outstanding, whether it be our social media capabilities at Weber and Golin, Cadreon and AMP within Mediabrands, or the integrated digital capabilities at all of our brand agencies. MRM is a top-tier digital network, and the close collaboration we have seen between them and McCann is elevating the overall Worldgroup offering, just as the integration of Profero and Mediahub are significantly strengthening Mullen Lowe's go-to-market positioning. We're also fortunate to have R/GA, the undisputed leader in digital and technology-enabled marketing. They continue to win business and awards, as well as innovate with programs, such as the R/GA Accelerators, that give us a line of sight into terrific startups with ideas and technology that will play a role in shaping the future of communications and consumer experience. Our current Accelerator is taking place in Los Angeles, in collaboration with the LA Dodgers, and the participating companies span every aspect of connected sport, from athlete training to venue management to new social channels on which consumers can share their passion for sports. Huge is another digital specialist that has performed exceptionally well for us. Beyond its industry-leading strategic consulting, design and UX practices, the agency recently made news when it opened a coffee shop in its Atlanta office to serve as a real-time lab in which we will develop and test digital retail innovations for both current and prospective clients. For us at Interpublic, the new business of advertising means that we encourage ambitious change across the entire organization. By providing access to emerging and transformative technologies, we develop programs that help us attract talent and create work that puts the user experience first, all in the service of our clients. Looking to the balance of this year, we stay vigilant on cost so as to ensure that we can deliver on our margin commitment. There are geographic markets that we will need to monitor, but performance for the first nine months has been very strong and positions us well for a strong close to the full year. As mentioned in my initial remarks, we believe that, given our performance to-date, the appropriate organic revenue growth targets in the new year is in excess of 5%, and that we are on track to deliver 100 basis points of operating margin improvement at the end of our initial target for the year  at the high end of our initial target. Moving forward, we're therefore closer to achieving our previously stated goal of 13%. Combined with our company's financial strength and robust return of capital, which have been and will continue to be a source of significant value creation, this will allow us to further enhance shareholder value. With that, I'd like to thank you for your time and continued support, and open the call up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Your first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. My first question, I guess, for Michael. You continue to show such impressive organic revenue growth with some of the highest organic growth this quarter I think I can remember maybe in several years now, I guess, and even on difficult comps. I guess can you provide a bit more color on what's causing this incremental change? Is it that more of your agencies are doing very well? Is it that you've got tailwind from one of the new businesses you've won? Is it the overall macro environment? Is it client budgets? I guess, any color that can sort of point to what's getting you even incrementally stronger in organic growth.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Alexia. All of the above. Look, none of this is by accident. We started on this journey by clearly investing in talent. And I think what you're seeing right now is the fact that the talent that we've embedded within all our organizations is really shining in terms of what clients are looking for in terms of moving the needle with their business. But creative talent and overall talent needs tools and resources within the organization to make sure we can deliver on that. So we've invested in all these tools and resources throughout the company. And finally, we really are a client-centric environment. And so everyone is focusing on the needs of the clients. And therefore, we're focusing on what we can bring to the resources within IPG to the client to meet those needs. We're seeing success in our open architecture model, where if you look at the business wins, all of our agencies are aware of the fact that if their particular disciplines need other resources from IPG, they raise their hand and we bring the additional IPG resources to the table. And frankly, we're getting a reputation in the marketplace appropriately that we do this very well, and we really focus on the needs of the clients versus our own silos. And I think the new business wins that we're seeing, as well as the embedded growth we're seeing in our existing client base, really is indicative of the fact that all the IPG resources are available to move the needle with our client and we're executing against that. But in the end, it takes people and belief by those people that they have a huge resource base behind them. And the other thing which I particularly like is when I participate in a lot of these pitches, what we see in the room are cross disciplines either from within the agencies or outside IPG and it's not uncommon for the client to come up to me and say I didn't even realize which individuals were from which discipline, and that's really what clients are looking for in their resources. So I'm particularly proud of all our agencies, whether it be our traditional agencies, our digital agencies, our marketing services, PR, I mean, across the board we're all doing quite well.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And just a follow-up if I can on profitability. I know you don't discuss margins necessarily by region but maybe you can talk just generally. You've seen a long period now where you've seen a lot more stability in your European operations. Are you seeing maybe better profitability in that area now that you've seen stability for a while, or markets such as Germany, which are still weak, really pulling it down for you?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, clearly, we're seeing better profitability. That doesn't mean better is where we want to be. I mean, it's always been a challenge for profitability in Europe for us. We've taken a lot of actions. We've repositioned assets. We brought in new management. We've reduced layers of people and it's a very competitive market, and it's great to see us on the positive side for the nine months. As I said in my remarks, we are not counting on a big recovery. But the profitability side of it is moving forward but it's still not at the levels we want it to be. So we've got more work to do in Continental Europe, but we've made great strides towards that.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of John Janedis of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. Michael, there's been a lot of talk in the market recently about the viability of the agency model and offerings. And with all the recent pitches, have you seen a change in the groups you're competing against? And for the business you've won, are there pieces of the business that you would typically work on that went to maybe non-traditional players?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, yeah. The viability of the models, you know, it's funny. I gave a talk at IAB and I put up my favorite slide, which is a quote that says the agency business is going to be disintermediated and is basically doomed and then I go to the next slide and it's a quote in 1975. So, I mean, there are always people out there saying that the competitors and there are other disciplines, whether it be ad tech or smaller agencies. In the end, we have the resources and capabilities that can compete with any resource out there. And, frankly, when we don't have it, yes, we use outside parties. We work well with them. It's incumbent upon us to know what we do well and what we don't do well. And that's what this whole concept of open architecture is all about, John, and that is we're looking at the client first and if we don't have a resource internally, and when I say internally I mean within IPG, it's not uncommon for us to use outside resources to help us. And frankly, that's what shows clients that we're thinking of them versus ourselves. And, yeah, we end up dealing with non-traditional people, whether it be on the ad tech side. Even in some of the production, we don't like it, but even some of the production facilities that clients request us to use, we have to be in a world now where collaboration works and the collaboration starts with us. And if it's not within our organization, we have to be able to collaborate with other parties that clients are happy with. So, we're able to do all of that and sometimes working with the third parties turns out to be a lot smoother than sometimes working with ourselves, which is shame on us, but that's the reality of the world out there. So, the world is changing, and our model has to change with this. And I think that's one of the things you're seeing why we're being successful in that we're not wedded to the silo mentality of the past. We have to collaborate. We have to collaborate within IPG and we have to collaborate outside of IPG with other parties.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just separately, as you mentioned, you picked up some good wins since your last call and also year-to-date. Can you update us on any potential tailwinds on organic as they roll in, maybe for either the balance of the year or into next year?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I said we're net new business positive. So, by definition, if we're net new business positive, we're going to move into the year with tailwinds. But we still have the fourth quarter to go. The fourth quarter is our biggest quarter. It's project based, so we're waiting to see how that comes in. We have a number of reviews still out there. It's unlikely that those reviews will impact 2015. So, it will affect 2016 numbers, and we're cautiously optimistic on those reviews that we had. The fact that we've been successful on the media reviews, in particular, obviously we're feeling comfortable going into the finals of some of the media pitches that are out there but you never know with these pitches, but we're very comfortable with how we're positioned in them. So, if we're successful with those or at least some of those, we'll certainly go into 2016 with tailwinds.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thanks so much.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David Bank of the RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks. First off, Michael, whatever is in the Kool-Aid over there, you can feel free to sprinkle it on the rest of S&P 500 and we'll be as much happier than we're currently feeling.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're beginning to feel a little bit like Dan Murphy but...
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes, you are seeing the ball really well right now.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Exactly, David. Thank you.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: But on a more serious note, I guess, so I think  as a bit of a follow-up to a couple of other questions before, but it's early days, lots of headlines but early days on some longer-term changes that I think we, as outsiders, are trying to understand about how the business is changing, programmatically, for instance, right? And we look at these things and we see things that appear to be able to be done mechanically more efficiently and we kind of worry that maybe that takes some value out of the chain that you'll be paid for. And I think on the flip side, we can see  so we see headlines about that. What we don't often see headlines about are what is the traction that you're getting on your skill set in helping clients leverage off these mechanical solutions, right? Like, what is the counterbalance to growing fees, on integrating these third party and your own-party products, and frankly, just helping clients navigate how to use these mechanical solutions? Can you talk about how you're seeing that so far? Is there a financial impact yet? How do you help us understand it?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think the key to making a success out of that, there's no question that there's a trend there, and we can discuss all sorts of reasons why that trend is there. But our job is to work with our clients, okay? It's interesting. I was just talking to our folks on a pitch that we just had this week. And there, we had a presentation on Cadreon and programmatic. Obviously, that's a very strong asset of IPG. It's growing tremendously both in the marketplace and competitively and yet the client is considering taking that inside. So, as part of the pitch, we present ideas, and our people from Cadreon present what we're doing, and you see the client sitting there saying, oh my goodness. How come we didn't think of that? How come we didn't think of this? So, yeah, we work with our clients who are intending to bring some of it inside. In the end, we act as integrators, okay? I mean, our job  and I've always said this, confusion is good for us and the reason it's good for us is we get paid to help make sense out of all of this. And if clients are looking to us to help them do this, we have to be able to respond and if it means helping them bring it inside, that's okay but they're still going to need the current thinking and the investments that we make in these tools that clients just aren't in a position to make. And, frankly, the talent that we're able to recruit in that environment is so different than to the talent that you can recruit internally on a siloed basis. So, yeah, clients are bringing it in. It's not a threat, it's just another tool that clients have that they want us to work with in the overall integrated offering, and we have to be able to do that. The history of our industry is when clients bring things internally, a lot of times it comes back. And the reason for it is the ability to recruit talent as well as to keep investing in the tools and resources that you need to be current. So, yeah, it's a phenomenon. There's no question about it and clients are trying to do it internally but I think they'll find in the long-term that we still have a role to play here in helping them accomplish what they're looking for, but at the same time, using the tools and resources that we have that they're not capable of developing. So we don't fight it; we actually help them do it. Again, that's one piece of the puzzle. I mean, again, if there's a relationship with the client, it has to be broad and it has to be seen as that we're in a partnership with the client. And we have all these different resources that we bring to the table. And if the client feels comfortable asking us to help them, we don't view it as them taking business away from us; it's part of what our role is, and we have to build it into our model. But it's a reality  but it's been a reality for years in this industry and it just changes different forms.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, David.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Peter Stabler from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Actually, I want to follow on yet again on John and David questions here, Michael. So, with regard to the reviews, we see headlines out there sometimes from large clients suggesting that they are going to use the review process to drive down their aggregate fees, right? Just wondering if you could comment on that, the idea that coming out of this process as the dust settles, that the total fee envelope available to all of you, guys, is smaller. And, I guess, the other piece of this that doesn't get talked about as much is the situations where the scope of work actually expands. So wondering if you could talk a little bit about the first part, and then what kind of expansion might you see as you get into these reviews where, who knows, fees could actually go up? Thanks very much.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, yeah, no. I mean, look, any review that takes place clearly has a view towards what they call efficiency. Efficiencies, obviously, means fee reductions. And clients, for generations, have been looking for more for less. So it's something we're very much used to, and it puts the burden on us to be more efficient, but yet we have to be able to meet the needs of the clients. And yeah, that presents problems in terms of us maintaining margin. But, again, remember, this is only one piece of the puzzle. When we talk about margins, it's aggregate margins in all the different disciplines and resources. And, sure, on some basic contract work that we have in scope, margins may be a little bit less than they may have been before. But in the end, it's our opportunity, and clients expect it for us to be able to bring in new ideas that help them move the needle, and that's what is called  known as out-of-scope work. And out-of-scope work is something that typically we get higher margins on. That's the way our business works. And clients know that. But first, they have to start with a line in the sand. So these reviews establish a line in the sand in terms of scope of work and fees that'll be available. And we have to work within that model. And it's incumbent upon us to make sure that the additional work that we do and clients understand that if it's out-of-scope, they have to pay for it, and we typically make better margins on the out-of-scope work. That's not a secret in our industry. And clients know it. And the other part of it is this is a value-based environment. And if we can show that we're moving the needle and clients value the type of the ideas that we're bringing to them and the fact that it's in fact proving the results that we believe it can do, clients have incentive fees with us, there are performance-based contracts that we have on  particularly on the media side of the business. So there are vehicles that we have to develop opportunities for us to enhance margins. And that's the way the business is. And so we don't view procurement as a bad word. We don't view these reviews as necessarily being only with a view towards fee reductions. The other reason these reviews are taking place is because they want to see if they're getting best-in-class offerings. And frankly, if I was a client, I'd be asking the same thing. So we approach these reviews, even when we're incumbents as an opportunity to show clients and future clients what we can bring to the table, what resources we have, and how we can work differently with them to move the needle. What's interesting is the incumbents usually start out as why haven't you brought this to us before? So, therefore, if you look at the history of reviews, incumbents generally don't do well. But when you really drill down on it, incumbents have been dealing within a certain playbook both with the client and ourselves. These reviews open up a different playbook. And that means there's got to be change both on the client's side as well as our side. And I see that's what's happening in a number of these reviews. Clients are recognizing that their approach isn't necessarily the right approach and they're willing to think of a different approach that we can bring to the table, and that means opportunity. Every time we get to work with our clients and show what we can do, it presents opportunities for us across the board. So that's how we approach it.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. I guess I have to be the guy, Michael, to ask about the ANA stuff. So...
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Oh shucks. I thought I was going through a call without you, Ben.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I'll take the bullet. But...
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: It was announced yesterday and generally what we thought was going to happen from where you sit when you look at who they've hired and everything you know about the process, do you expect any impact on Interpublic Group or what, from your perspective, should we be looking for from this process, if anything?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's not a surprise to anybody. So I don't know why people all of a sudden are shocked and so on. The ANA has been talking about this. The 4A's has been talking about it. Everybody's been talking about it. So the fact that the ANA hired two firms to do it to help them with it is not a surprise to us at all. Obviously, we've dealt with these firms before, not so much to call as much as the other one. But we've been talking about transparency. It started with us frankly 10 years ago, maybe it's 11 years now, time flies when you're having a good time, on this whole issue of rebates and so this is nothing that we're afraid of. We've been very clear on rebate issues for 10 years now. It's in all our contracts. We welcome  in fact, in all these reviews, we have audit capabilities from our clients to come in and review this. So this isn't new for us. And as part of the verification and audit that we have within our own systems, clients are welcome to come in and, in fact, we do share with them results from that and one of the firms that's doing this actually we worked with in the past. So this isn't really nothing new for our industry. Any type of review like this, everyone raises questions of what they're going to find. It's unfortunate that the headlines particularly in Europe have made it look like this is a criminal investigation. Last I looked ANA doesn't have the ability to subpoena. If you read these headlines, you would think that that's what was going on. That's not what's going on. It's a look into the practices within an industry. That's nothing new. This is an industry organization making sure that their constituents are comfortable what's going on in the practice, and we've been dealing with this all along. So from an IPG perspective, we're very comfortable on rebate transparency. We're very comfortable on contractual transparency. We have it in all our contracts, and verification and review was part of our process. So there's nothing in any of that that concerns us.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's very helpful. Thank you. I just wanted to follow up on the digital buying front, which I know is a part of your business, not all of your business, but one that gets a lot of focus. What you've done with Cadreon, can you talk about how much you've been able to get all your different agencies to leverage that platform when they buy media? Or do you still have certain pockets of your organization that are doing it on their own? It seems like a pretty complex organizational challenge to have sort of this centralized platform. But I'm imagining, as you go through these reviews, it's just a huge part of the conversation. So maybe if you could just talk about from a management perspective how you guys are set up and how it's working?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, look, the key to this is obviously our multinational clients that go through Mediabrands, they're clearly using Cadreon. And that's part of their business model. We have a number of agencies that do their own buying, that have their own capabilities, and that's fine. But, frankly, from a business management point of view, we always argue. Whenever we have the operating reviews of our businesses, and they talk about it, they all think they have a better model. And if their better model is working, that's terrific. But it seems that the efficiencies that can be gotten by dealing with a Mediabrands platform in terms of current thinking and resources just is compelling. And, frankly, I wish some of our agencies would use it more, but certainly the bulk of our media buying is going through that.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then I just  go ahead.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: There's always opportunities for more, but clearly the bulk of it is going through Cadreon.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just one last one for Frank, totally different topic. I think you guys had in the last year about $1.3 billion of NOLs. And I think a lot of that stuff is overseas. As you guys create more profitability, particularly in Europe, can you access those more rapidly which, of course, increases the value of those NOLs? Just any color on kind of how we think about cash taxes as the business continues to do so well.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You're right, Ben. Most of the NOLs are in Europe for the most part. So, the increased profitability in Europe is helpful in accessing those NOLs. Our cash tax rate this year, we're seeing to meet 27%, 28%. It was high teens to low 20s% for the last three years, but we've burned through all of our U.S. NOLs where a lot of our profitability is.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I'll weigh in a little bit on that, Frank.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I am a tax guy. Some of these...
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Apologize for not directing it to the right guy.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: He's on a roll, Ben. Keep going.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Some of these NOLs in these countries are country-centric. It's not just Europe, okay.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, the additional challenge is generating profitability within those countries. And obviously we get involved in tax planning in terms of where revenue is being generated. So that's why we have a great tax department who's responsible for making sure that our contracts are reflecting that. And we are what we call optimizing using our NOLs and we are very focused on doing that.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Dan Salmon from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone. Michael, could you talk a little bit about the hiring of Simon Bond? I know he was the big new business champion over at BBDO. I'm just curious about the role being at the holding company level. Is it largely still focused on new business? Or is there a little bit more responsibility around coordinating amongst the agencies a little bit? Thinking of your comments earlier about the success of sort of an open architecture. Is it to help facilitate that a little bit as well, too?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Oh, absolutely. Look, we already have some very talented people within IPG who work on these multinational open-architecture client situations where they're working with the units themselves, whether it be FCB, whether it be McCann, whether it be Lowe. And it's their responsibility to work with the people within these agencies to make sure that the needs of the clients are being met with all the resources of IPG. We were fortunate to have an opportunity to recruit Simon to our organization. And clearly his responsibility will be both on the new business side but also on these open-architecture pitches. More and more, these RFPs are coming into the holding company. They're coming directly to me actually, which is why I have to look at my emails every day, but it really comes in to the holding company. And they are saying you tell us which is the best way you want to approach this RFP. So someone like Simon with his vast experience in new business and client focus and frankly his knowledge of the consulting industry and the relationships he has is a tremendous asset for us. And frankly Simon has already been involved with a number of our agencies' pitches that are going on right now. And he's a resource, and we're from the home office and we're here to help. And some of our agencies have already tapped in to Simon to help them in terms of their pitch. You know he is fantastic in terms of new business pitches, and he has actually gone in and helped these agencies. And frankly, we had a couple of wins that he helped in terms of the presentations. So, the fact that we were able to recruit Simon is an indication to me that this whole notion of open architecture is one that is resonating in the industry and our reputation for being a holding company that collaborates with all the agencies within the holding company is real and I think his presence along with the other individuals within IPG, whether it be Peter or Terry, they all work very closely with our agencies and they know that they are there to be helpful to our agencies. The pitches themselves are coming in different forms and we have to be able to respond and the needs of the clients.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Did Simon ask you to raise that question?
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen from Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Tim W. Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just taking a very high level view, IPG has come a long, long, long way since you've both been there. And it seems to me, if I may be so bold, you're probably in what I would say the eighth inning of your recovery or maybe in the top of the ninth. Correct me if you think that's too optimistic. You do have some margin to recover yet.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Tim W. Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: You've seen still some relatively high salary and service numbers. You mentioned Europe requiring some work to get back to more, better profitability. I just wonder with all this put together, what do you think are the last steps that need to be taken to really get you to that 13% target or just how do you think about really getting through that final hurdle, if that's the right way to think about it?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we're constantly thinking about how to get through that hurdle because that's obviously a main objective for all of us. We are well on our way and you're right. I call it the eighth, ninth inning, whatever you want, we're making great progress, and it's clearly within our sights to accomplish that. So, we're feeling pretty positive about that. Look, we are a variable cost model. Our biggest variable cost is SRS. It's not a secret. We said, what we have to do is focus on that, and you can focus on that by generating revenue, which is what we've been doing and keeping an eye on the cost pressures in the SRS. So, we've done a great job on O&G and that's showing the improvement even in the third quarter and we see an improvement there. We've seen leverage. We've seen at least 50 basis points. And if it worked through the pass-throughs, it's really 80 basis points this quarter in terms of leverage on SRS. So, we're very focused on it, and we just have to continue to do that. And we see that there's still opportunity to do it and that's how we're going to get there.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Tim, it's probably more agency-specific now than it is IPG specific. So, as we look to the last inning or inning and a half, it's getting those certain agencies that aren't where they need to be profitability-wise to cross the goal line.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. And let's face it, we use incentives within  our agency goals are focused on margin improvement and they know that the best way to get margin improvement is to keep an eye on their SRS ratio. So, it's both monitored, as Frank said, from the agency as well as from our reviews at the holding company. So, this isn't rocket sciences business, and we're very comfortable in our ability to manage that. I think we've proven that we know how to manage that. We can do this, and I've said this before, we can get there tomorrow. But a part of this is making sure we have the talents and resources to generate growth. So, on a longer-term basis, had we not had the talents and resources that we had within all our different agencies, we wouldn't be delivering the results that you're seeing right now. So, if we starve the pipeline of people and got our SRS ratios in line quicker, yeah, we may achieve our goal, but our long-term viability would be adversely affected. I kind of like the way we're doing it now. If you're looking at 80 basis point to 100 basis point margin improvement, that clips along the way we're going to get there. We just don't  we're not going to get there tomorrow. And it would be silly for us to shoot ourselves in the foot and do something dramatic that would get us there. Just look at the write-off that we're having. We're focusing on unprofitable businesses that are in geographic locations that aren't necessary, that are a drag on our P&L and so this time, the $38 million, it's four to five locations, in areas that we don't have to be. They were dilutive. And we either sold them or closed them. And that's how we get there. We're constantly looking at those types of opportunities.
Tim W. Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: No, I wasn't at all suggesting you should accelerate the process and get to 13% tomorrow. It's more to say, a 100 basis points margin improvement this year is great. If the market holds and you do well, and you have new account wins, maybe that's a similar target for next year and then you're getting there already. I just wonder  and I think you've answered you've done a lot of work with your individual agencies over the years. Is it really just a matter of, like, finding some last bits to clear out, win some business having the scale and just letting the operating leverage take over, is that the way to think of it?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean, that's it. It's like everything else's execution. And we  with the changes we've made across all the networks in both people and structure, we put them all in and Lowe together, this past year, I'm very comfortable with our leadership across the board. We've brought Henry in to run Mediabrands; Alex to run Lowe Mullen. And, obviously, Harris and Carter are doing great jobs. So, I'm very comfortable with our leadership and very confident that we'll get to our objectives.
Tim W. Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yes. Great job. Thanks very much.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We do not have further questions on queue. Speakers, you may proceed.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I thank you all for participating. I look forward to our next call, which will report our year-end results. Have a great holidays. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 [a.m.] Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and the slide presentation, and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning. As we review our results for the second quarter and first half of 2015. I'll start out by covering highlights of our performance. Frank will then provide additional detail and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies and the tone of business to be followed by a Q&A. We're pleased to report another quarter of strong organic revenue, as well as profit growth. Organic revenue growth in the quarter was 6.7%. Net acquisitions had a positive impact of 30 basis points, while FX was a negative 5.7%. Notably, FX had essentially no impact on our percentage margin. Total revenue growth was 1.3%. We saw positive contributions to our top-line performance by a broad range of our creative, marketing services and media offerings. Our digital capabilities, which are embedded across the portfolio and consistently among the best in the industry, were significant drivers of growth for us again this past quarter. Regionally, our largest markets were standouts, as the U.S., Asia-Pac and UK showed very good growth with healthcare and tech and telecom, the leading client sectors. Our operating profit in the quarter increased to $216 million, up 10% from a year ago. Operating margin expanded 90 basis points to 11.5%, reflecting leverage on base payroll, benefits in tax and all O&G expenses. Diluted EPS was $0.29 a share, an increase of 16% compared to last year's adjusted Q2. Moving to the first half of the year, organic revenue growth was 6.2% on top of a strong 5.6% a year ago. For the six months, we posted a 21% increase to operating profit and a 45% increase in diluted earnings per share. This performance continues to lead our industry and builds on a record of accomplishments in which our people can take great pride. Turning back to additional color on the quarter. In the U.S., organic growth was 7.7% in Q2, an outstanding result. We had notable growth at most of our agencies including McCann, FCB, R/GA, Huge, Mediabrands, Deutsche, Mullen, Weber Shandwick, and Golin. Our international organic growth was also very solid at 5.3%, once again driven by a full range of services. By region, we were led by 11.8% growth in Asia-Pac highlighted by continued double-digit increase in India and China. We again saw a strong performance in the UK, which was up 7.9% organically. In Continental Europe, organic growth was 3.6% in the quarter and 3.6% for the six months as well. LatAm decreased 1.6% organically in the quarter, chiefly due to challenging macro conditions in Brazil, which we had called out for you during our first quarter call. For the first half of the year, our 6.2% organic growth reflected contributions across all major disciplines as well as all regions of the world with the exception being a small decrease in the LatAm. First half operating margin growth was 100 basis points, with leverage on our base payroll, benefits in tax, and on office and general expenses. As we said previously, cost discipline and margin enhancement continue to be a top priority and we continue to successfully execute against that objective. With respect to share repurchase during Q2, we used $51 million to repurchase 2.4 million shares while over the trailing 12 months, we had utilized approximately $280 million for share repurchases. We had $342 million remaining on our authorization at the end of the quarter. Since, instituting our return of capital programs in 2011, we have returned over $2 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases, as well as reduced our diluted share count by 25%. In sum, our performance in the quarter and the first half continues to underscore the strong competitive position of our agencies across the full spectrum of advertising and marketing disciplines, in terms of our digital expertise and in many of the world's key advertising and media markets. While economic conditions in some areas of the world present macro headwinds and uncertainties, the overall tone of business remains solid, and we are effectively managing expenses. At the midway point of the year, we believe we are very well positioned to exceed our targeted organic growth for 2015. We are therefore upping that target from the previous 3% to 4% organic growth to a new range of 4% to 5% for the full year. Consistent with that, we will look to deliver toward the upper end of our full range operating margin target of 80 basis points to 100 basis points improvement over 2014. At this stage, I'll turn things over to Frank for additional detail on our results and join you after his remarks for an update on our operating units to be followed by Q&A.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Michael. Good morning. As a reminder, I'll be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On slide two, you'll see an overview of our results, a number of which Michael touched upon. Organic growth was 6.7% in the second quarter, with the U.S. up 7.7% and international growth of 5.3%. In our first half, organic revenue growth was 6.2%, reflecting 7% U.S. growth and 5.2% international growth. Q2 operating profit was $216 million, an increase of 10%. Operating profit grew 20% and 21% for the first six months. Q2 margin was 11.5%, an improvement of 90 basis points compared with last year's Q2. There was essentially no impact from FX on percentage operating margin compared to last year. Diluted EPS of $0.29 compares to Q2 2014 at $0.23 as reported and $0.25 excluding a charge of $0.02 per share for early redemption of debt in last year's second quarter. Q2 average fully diluted shares decreased 2% from last year due to our share repurchase program. Turning to slide three, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in the detail slides that follow. Slide four has more detail on our revenue growth. Revenue was $1.88 billion in the quarter, an increase of 1.3%. Compared to Q2 2014, the impact of the change in currency exchange rates was significant at negative 5.7%. While the dollar was stronger against almost all currencies, the most significant changes for our revenue mix were the euro, pound sterling, the Brazilian real, and the Australian dollar. Acquisitions added 30 basis points to revenue. The resulting organic revenue increase was 6.7%. It is worth noting that organic growth was actually higher at 7.5%, when excluding the decrease in our pass-through revenues, which occurred mainly in our events business. As we have pointed out previously, lower pass-through revenue was offset dollar for dollar by lower pass-through expense and therefore has no impact on profit. As you can see on the bottom half of this slide, at our integrated agency networks, the organic increase was 7.7% .This was led by our global integrated offerings at McCann and FCB, by Deutsch in the U.S., our digital specialists R/GA and Huge, and by media brands. IAN's first half organic growth was 7.2%. At our CMG segment, organic growth was 2.3%, but was mid-single digits excluding the decrease in pass-throughs that have no profit impact. We had double-digit organic growth at our PR agencies, Weber Shandwick and Golin, which continue to gain market share. Moving on to slide five, revenue by region. In the U.S., Q2 organic growth was an outstanding 7.7%, with contributions coming from a very broad cross-section of our agencies, disciplines, and client sectors. We also had strong performance in the UK. Organic growth was 7.9%, with notable growth at McCann, FCB, Mullen Lowe and R/GA. Organic growth was 7.1% over the first six months. Continental Europe increased 3.6% organically in the quarter. We had positive contributions from Weber Shandwick, McCann, Mullen Lowe and R/GA. Among our larger national markets, we continue to see very good growth in Spain and had mid-single digits in France. Germany and Italy also had slight increases. While Q2 is our second consecutive quarter of good growth on the Continent, which is certainly welcome, our bottoms-up market view and macro conditions nonetheless indicate caution for the near-term. In Asia-Pac, our largest international region, Q2 organic growth was 11.8%. We had double-digit growth in China, India, and Singapore, as well as notably strong growth in Australia. Regional performance speaks to the strong positioning across our three global integrated agencies, our media business, our digital specialists and our public relations offerings. In LatAm, our organic decrease was 1.6% in the quarter. The decrease was driven by the increasingly challenged economy in Brazil, partially offset by growth in other markets, such as Argentina and Mexico. As you can see on this slide, our reported revenue decrease includes the effect of sharply weaker local currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. Our other markets group, which is made up of Canada, the Middle East and Africa, decreased slightly in the quarter on an organic basis, but is up 3.9% for the six months. On slide six, these (12:41) chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 5.8%. Moving on to slide seven, our operating expenses. In the second quarter, total operating expenses increased 30 basis points from a year ago compared with our reported revenue growth of 1.3%. The FX impact to operating expenses was a negative 5.7%, as it was on revenue. Underneath our strong margin improvement, the Q2 ratio of salaries and related expense to revenue was 64.2% this year compared with 63.2% a year ago. The comparison is driven by higher accruals for incentives and other performance-based bonuses, partially offset by leverage on our base payroll, benefits and tax. The decrease in pass-throughs revenues weighed on the SRS ratio as well, though the effect on our margin is offset in O&G. Base salaries, benefits and tax were 53.2% of revenue compared with 53.6% a year ago. Incentive expense was 3.7% of revenue compared to 2.7% a year ago. Our category of all other salaries and related expense was 2.6% of revenue, compared with 2.3% a year ago. Total head count at quarter end was approximately 48,400, an increase of 4% year-on-year. The increase reflects our acquisitions as well as organic hiring in support of growth in areas such as digital, creative, and PR, as well as our increases in the U.S., UK and Asia-Pac. Turning to ops and general expenses on the lower half of the slide. O&G expense was 24.3% of Q2 revenue, compared with 26.2% a year ago, an improvement of 190 basis points. We had leverage across all of our O&G expense groups, occupancy, professional fees, travel and entertainment, and all other O&G. In the quarter, we had a lease buyout credit in occupancy, which was offset by a net increase in reserves for certain contingencies in other O&G. On slide eight, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 10.9%, that's a 120 basis point improvement from a year ago. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on slide nine, we ended the second quarter with $856 million in cash and short-term marketable securities. The comparison to December 31 reflects that our cash level is seasonal and tends to peak at year-end. On slide 10, we turn to the second quarter cash flow. Cash provided by operations was $260 million, compared with $169 million a year ago. That includes $41 million generated from working capital, compared with the use of $24 million in Q2 2014. Investing activities used a net $30 million for capital expenditures, financing activities used $109 million, chiefly for share repurchase, our common stock dividend and payments related to previous acquisitions, somewhat offset by higher short-term borrowings. Our net increase in cash and marketable securities for the quarter was $114 million, compared with $125 million a year ago. On slide 11, we showed debt deleveraging from a peak of $2.35 billion in 2007 to $1.78 billion at the most recent quarter-end. In summary, on slide 12, the quarter and the first half represent very solid achievements and good progress to our objectives for the full year. We are seeing growth in areas where we have focused our investment in both people and acquisitions. Our operators are focused on the appropriate cost disciplines and margin expansion. And our balance sheet is an important area that we can continue to deploy for value going forward. With that, let me turn it back to Michael.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Frank. We're very pleased with our results for both the second quarter and year-to-date. In terms of organic revenue growth and margin process, Q2 showed very good performance, which was once again ahead of that of our peer group. All of our major units and all regions, other than LatAm, contributed to this outstanding result. It bears noting that the digital expertise we have embedded throughout the portfolio has been a significant driver of our growth. It's also worth pointing out that unlike others in our space, we have largely grown these digital capabilities organically and they are key to our strong integrated offerings. We continue to demonstrate disciplined cost management, and we will remain focused on converting at the appropriate levels, so as to deliver on our margin improvement targets for the year. Investments and talent supplemented by strategic acquisitions should ensure that we maintain the very high level of our professional offerings. We also remain committed to robust capital return programs that can drive further value creation for our shareholders. Looking forward, the tone of the business remains positive. Clients are committed to investing behind their brands to achieve their business objectives. And the complexity of the marketing landscape represents an opportunity for smart marketers and their agencies. We are capitalizing on this opportunity, as evident in our organic growth to-date this year. While we saw some signs of strengthening in Continental Europe, we remain cautious in light of political and economic uncertainty in the region. Brazil has also seen a meaningful slowdown, and we will continue to monitor the state of the Chinese economy, and adjust our businesses there accordingly. Our new business pipeline is sound, and we are involved in the full range of opportunities being contested in the marketplace. As you all know, there is a great deal of activity in terms of media reviews. A number of the reviews involve defending existing client business, where we are one of multiple incumbents, which means there is a both risk and upside for us. We are also pursuing those net new opportunities, where we believe we have the most to gain. And we are passing on others due to conflict or in order to appropriately manage our resources. The volume of media business that is in play is a function of clients' continual demand for greater efficiencies, as well as cyclical reviews on the part of some clients. It is also a reflection of the fact that technology is impacting communications planning and media investment decisions. Before moving to my usual update on the agencies, I'll comment on developments at Cannes, which as you all know is the industry's premier awards competition, when it comes to creativity and innovation. Once again, we're pleased to see outstanding performance from across the portfolio. In terms of awards and points won at Cannes relative to revenue, we continue to be near the top of the industry. Highlights included R/GA being named Agency of the Year, which is a first for a digital agency and a sign of how core digital has become to success in our business. FCB took home a Grand Prix for work done to promote wellness among women in the UK and the network had its best ever performance at Cannes. McCann won four gold lions for its groundbreaking makeup genius work for L'Oral. This is a Smartphone and tablet app we helped the client develop that incorporates real-time facial recognition and augmented reality, and it has been downloaded over 10 million times since its launch last year. Other highlights included The Martin Agency, which won the coveted Film Grand Prix with a very creative approach for pre-roll digital ads for Geico, as well as GGH Lowe, Germany, which won 12 lions with one of the festival's most awarded campaigns. Other agencies honored included Campbell Ewald, Deutsch, Hill Holliday, Initiative, UM and Weber Shandwick. In other highlights of Q2 results, we saw continued strong performance at McCann Worldgroup. The quality of the agency's creative product is high and integration across disciplines remains a focus. I mentioned the caliber of the digital work that McCann is doing for major clients such as L'Oral. And it's also worth noting that MRM, which is an integral part of Worldgroup, is one of the industry's top digital networks with offices in over 20 world markets. Progress at FCB has been steady with improvements evident in the quality of the creative work, rate of consistency, in terms of new net new business, and the development of strong capabilities in shopper and digital marketing. Not only is the agency raising its game, but it's also becoming an increasingly attractive destination for talent. As was evident in the recent announcement that Susan Credle will be joining as Chief Creative Officer. At CMG, our award-winning public relation agencies keep winning market share and defining the ways in which digital channels can transform this marketing discipline. Weber Shandwick and Golin have raised the bar in their sister CMG agencies from Octagon to Jack Morton and FutureBrand, are also innovating to their respective areas of expertise. We've been saying for some time that the creative firepower of Lowe is something that's at a premium in today's world of fragmented media and hard to engage consumers but that the agency needed scale in the U.S. to tap into opportunities with major multinationals. By combining them with Mullen and naming Mullen's CEO Alex Leikikh, to lead the merged entity, we believe we made that possible and put the agency on the growth path that we need to see from Lowe. Mullen's offerings are highly creative, as well as digital and accountable, as was evident in their winning the Grand Effie for their largely viral campaign on behalf of American Greetings. I mentioned the level of new business activity in media earlier. And the team at Mediabrands is fully focused on securing existing relationships and capitalizing on the new client opportunities we are best suited for. The unit is not only performing well in financial terms, but we continue to see the benefits of our investments in Cadreon, our programmatic platform and AMP, our proprietary data stack and all our longstanding commitment to media transparency also differentiates us from a number of our competitors. Our U.S. integrated independent agencies continue to be a source of strength for Interpublic. Mullen's outstanding offerings are now part of Lowe's go-to-market proposition. Deutsch continues to be a leader in the marketplace with exceptional creative and digital capabilities. Along with The Martin Agency, Hill Holiday, Carmichael Lynch and a number of others, our domestic independence provide clients with a breadth of services, including full-fledged digital, UX, analytics, and social capabilities. In terms of digital, R/GA remains the leader in just about every area of innovation that's defining the future of our business. The recent major win with Verizon was a further confirmation of the strength of their offering and the accolades for Bob and his team from Ad Age to Cannes, demonstrate the degree to which technology-enabled marketing is at the center of everything we do. We're fortunate to have another agency that's tracking along a similar growth path in my hometown of Brooklyn, which is where Huge is based. So, they now have offices in eight other markets and counting. I mentioned the global success of MRM earlier and the integration of Profero into Lowe is going well and has played a part of the growth we are seeing from the Lowe network in a number of international markets. One last observation about the importance of digital expertise. I've mentioned previously that some of our peers have approached digital through big headline grabbing acquisitions, which have often stayed siloed within those holding companies. Going back quite a few years, we made the strategic decision to grow digital competencies organically within every one of our agencies. This strategy places our integrated marketing solutions at the center of a connected world and continues to be evident in our strong organic growth performance. The benefits of this approach are evident across the Interpublic Group. We built out Cadreon at Mediabrands, and that is one of the strongest tech platforms in this dynamic space. We've invested in top talent at all our brand agencies. Mullen and Deutsch have outstanding digital skill sets across a range of disciplines, and McCann and FCB are on the same growth path. The social media and content creation capabilities at Weber Shandwick are second to none. If those were standalone groups, they would be among the world's largest digital agencies in their respective disciplines. Golin has a strong real-time digital media offering. Recent acquisitions such as Genuine, Prime and Hudson Global will up the digital game of others in our marketing service specialists. And the addition of Profero is adding an important dimension to Lowe's creative strength. Turning to the second half of the year, we see some geographic markets that will require monitoring, and we will of course remain vigilant on cost and on the appropriate levels of margin conversion going forward. But our performance for the first six months has been strong on both the top and bottom line. At this point, we believe that the appropriate organic target for the full 2015 is 4% to 5%. And given our strong growth performance to date, we should aim to deliver in the upper range of our operating margin improvement target of 80 basis points to 100 basis points. Combined with our company's financial strength and commitment to robust return of capital, we then and will continue to be a source of significant value creation. This will allow us to further enhance shareholder value. With that, I'd like to thank you for your time and support and open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Okay. Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani of JPMorgan. Ma'am, your line is open.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. Congratulations on a very impressive quarter here. My question was kind of on the organic revenue growth outlook for the back half of the year. I don't want to be greedy, I know it's been an amazing run for the first half. But if you could give us some more color in terms of how you're seeing the back half of the year in terms of, is your guidance just to  taking into account that you have to be somewhat conservative, there is still some uncertainty in both Europe and in practically all the markets or is there some specific headwinds in terms of accounts movement and stuff that we should keep in mind as we think about our estimates for top line for the back half of the year?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Alexia. It only took us two minutes to get to the question of what our forecast was, (29:02) Look, obviously, all of the above, there's a degree of conservancy in there. But as we had said on our previous calls, we expected tailwinds in the first half of the year. And frankly, we see that leveling off in the second half of the year, partially because our comps are a little different in the second half of the year and the on-boarding of new clients that we had, starts to level off in terms of those comps, plus we had a little bit of headwinds in terms of some of the client losses. So, obviously, the second half of the year, we're targeting a little bit pullback on the growth as a result of that impact. Nonetheless, we're still confident in our forecast in the 4% to 5% that we moved  that's why we moved it in that direction. We always try to do better, but, I think that's a realistic number for us to take into account both the uncertainty that's out there... Let me just comment on the media reviews. Most of these media reviews that are taking place, the impact of that won't be in effect until really 2016. So, to answer your other question, we don't expect to see an impact on the media side of the business as a result of these reviews until 2016, and hopefully we'll see positive impact as a result of that.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Just a quick follow-up, if I may. On the euro market. I know you don't give margins by region, but just if you can maybe talk generally, do you think with the better organic performance we've seen in Europe  now two quarters in a row, are you seeing improvement in profitability in that region?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're always focusing on improvement, as you know, we had taken a reserve against repositioning Europe to realign the cost with the organic expectations. We never stop looking for margin improvement in Europe, it's nice to have some organic revenue but, I think we're being very cautious. We don't have built into our plan a recovery in Continental Europe, and along with that, we're managing our costs very carefully. And we hope to see some margin improvement, but Europe continues to be a difficult market for us to expand margins, and we still view it as a very important market for us. So we're continuing to invest in new people and talent in there, and frankly we've done a few acquisitions there, and we're seeing positive results. But, margin improvement is a little bit harder to get in Europe than we're seeing elsewhere in the world.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. David Bank of RBC Capital Markets. Sir, your line is open.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, thanks. Thanks for the shower for Brooklyn there, Michael.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'll always remember that, David.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So, June historically has been  I have a couple of questions. The first is, June has historically been kind of a pretty big month for you, and the industry for that matter. And over the past couple of years, that has sometimes driven real volatility around 2Q and your outlook. Can you give us a reflection on June in particular, and what it's telling us about your business and the general environment? A second question is, while you've taken the top line up, kind of a step function, the range in operating leverage at margin was pretty narrow to begin with, at 80 basis points to 100 basis points, that's 20 bps, and you kind of said, so we'll be at the upper end of that range. My question is, without  there really isn't like a step function up that matches top line, have we sort of maxed out on operating leverage conversion, in that you're not going to  whether or not the top line kind of materially accelerates from here, and this is a pretty good level. Do you  is it possible to sort of start squeezing more operating leverage out incrementally, or have we kind of hit a reasonable run rate? Thanks very much.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All of that. Okay, look June, as  you're right. You're correct. June is a big month for us and the industry, and we're encouraged by what we saw in June across the board, and obviously that's why we're more comfortable in moving the organic revenue up to 4% to 5%, but June doesn't make a year. And so, we still have some cautionary issues out there, particularly in terms of Europe and South America. So therefore, we have some level of conservancy in those numbers. Our margin numbers, we look at it on a full-year basis, okay. So when you look at the six months and what our conversion ratio in the six months. As you know, we look to convert at a 30% ratio and frankly, for this quarter, we didn't quite make 30%, but we're comfortable in our range of 80 basis points to 100 basis points, because the rest of the year, we expect to see the impact of the onboarding of the talent that we had in the first half of the year, and the revenue coming in in the second half of the year. We never give up trying to expand our margin, and I think it's a 30% continues to be a reasonable objective for us to  and for you to assume in the conversion as we go forward and frankly, using the 80 basis points to 100 basis point margin improvement, that's where we get to the targets that we're driving against, okay. And I think that's a conservative way for us to look at it. We wrestled with the issue of what we do with that margin expectation. And we felt that by at least saying we think we'll be on the high side of that is an indication to you that we believe we have cost under control, in terms of managing it. We still have more work to do. And given the levels of revenue that we see, we're comfortable with that, and we'll deal with future margin expansion as we put this year behind us.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Janedis of Jefferies. Sir, your line is open.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Hey, Michael, for a long time you've talked about acting as an agent for clients and not taking inventory. And therefore being transparent and agnostic. I know it's hard to parse out your growth versus peers, but I was wondering if you're seeing any benefits in other parts of your digital business, or clients giving you more wallet as a result of being more transparent?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think that's a fair question, John, and I've talk about it a lot, as you noted. One thing is, you can see the difference in terms of the announced gross versus net that our competitors are putting out there, or soon to put out there, in terms of their future releases. Our only issue of gross versus net reflects the pass-throughs that we see in some of our marketing service businesses. So, you will not see an inflated organic growth number from us, as a result of taking inventory into our ownership, in terms of selling it to our clients. So, we believe that continues to be a market distinction for us, when we're dealing with our clients. Now, whether that makes a big difference or not, I think that it's still something to be seen, in terms of the reviews that are going on. But I can tell you anecdotally and specifically, when we have conversations with our clients about that, that all of them indicate that they believe the way we're approaching this, is an appropriate way to deal with it and they're pleased to see the transparency, and the positions we're taking. That said, there's no question that some of our competitors are having success going a different way, and that's something we're going to consider and we always will consider, as we move into 2016. And frankly, if the marketplace doesn't put a benefit to us, in terms of taking that position versus our competitors, then it's something we have to look at, in terms of our go-to-market strategy. But right now, we believe frankly, one, it's the right thing to do, in terms of dealing with an agnostic position with respect to our clients. We are an advisor and as an advisor, we find it inherently difficult to be in a conflict position when we are advising them on where they should place their media dollars. And we believe that, that is the right go-to-market strategy. If clients, however, feel that as long as they're getting a savings and they're getting a benefit in terms of where their media dollars are being spent and that doesn't make a difference, then we'll take a look at it, but right now we believe, it's making a difference in the marketplace. I cannot tell you that we won this particular pitch, which is what your question is, because of that  because these pitches that are going on right now, I know a lot of ink is being spent in terms of making a point that this issue of transparency and rebates is why these reviews are taking place. But actually these reviews are taking place because clients want to make sure that their media dollars are being spent appropriately in terms of efficiently, in the right place and using all the tools and resources that are out there, and they want to make sure that they're getting best-in-class services. And frankly, if I were a client, I'd be asking the same questions. So, it's not down to a pure question of taking inventory or not taking inventory or transparency or not transparency. It's everything being considered at one time, and we're very comfortable with our position and we lead with that in terms of our go-to-market strategy.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. And maybe one quick one for Frank. You haven't done much on the acquisition front this year. Can you talk about the pipeline and are the better (39:11) spreads in the disciplines you're pursuing widening?
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Pipeline is robust, John. We've got a number of things we hope to close in the next quarter, quarter and a half. Pricing is competitive. As we've spoken before, the model we like to approach is try and get to an acquisition before there's a process. Some agency we work with on a common client get to know them, they get to know us, that's a path to success in this workforce. But our corporate development team is working hard, they're very busy and you can expect us to close some further transactions in the back half of the year.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Let me just add in terms of our acquisition strategy, and I kind of referred to in my remarks, we don't look to do big transactions and we feel that they're, a) difficult to integrate, b) the price that you pay for that in terms of using your balance sheet, as well as the risk associated with integration, make it a difficult thing to do. That said, some of them are successful and some aren't. Our approach has been quite successful, I mean, I use Huge as an example. When we acquired Huge, they had 80 people to 100 people. Now, they have 800 people to 1,000 people on a worldwide basis. There aren't many of those transactions, but those are the kind of transactions that we look at, we look at small to medium acquisitions that are in the sweet spot of the areas that we need the expertise, whether it would be digital, which obviously is what everybody is looking at right now, or a geographic area or it's a discipline. So, we've done a number of transactions in our PR business. Obviously, our PR business is very successful and we're certainly gaining market share against our competitors. So, therefore when we look at opportunities and acquisitions if we can bolster their go to market strategy, that's a good thing and we find transactions that it's appropriate in. So, don't expect us to announce a huge transaction on the M&A side. But we are looking on a very careful basis to be within the range, we always say we spend between $100 million and $150 million. We can go up above that a little bit obviously if the right transaction comes along, but we're very careful and disciplined in terms of our acquisitions.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thanks for that.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Peter Stabler of Wells Fargo Securities. Sir, your line is open.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: An industry question for Michael, as you're no doubt aware there's a narrative out there around intermediation, it's been out there for 20 years, right.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: If you were a company (41:59) 10 years ago, we're going to take all your business, five years ago...
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yup.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: ...it was going to be crowdsourcing and YouTube videos and today's flavor seems to be technology and in-housing of programmatic and other activities enabling marketers to more cheaply and efficiently produce assets and promote those assets without the help of the agencies. So I guess, I'm just wondering if you step back and think broadly about the share of marketing services that is going to agency holding companies. Do you think it is materially different today than it was five years or 10 years ago and if you look out over the next couple years, are there things that concern you in terms of looming threats or new competitors et cetera. Thanks very much.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that's a fair question, Peter. Yeah, it's out there. My favorite slide that I show when I make presentations is a headline in the Wall Street Journal that declares the demise of the advertising industry because of all these new technologies and so on. And then of course, my next slide is that quote was 25 years ago. Look we have to be on our toes, we have to continue to invest in what works and what clients are looking for and as long as we can add that value to clients, there's no need for them to take it in-house or use other services. I think what we're seeing actually now, because of the distribution of media outlets right now, most of our clients are looking for solutions, because it's very difficult for them on their own to really go through all of these different outlets on an integrated basis. So, I think the value proposition that we have now is as strong as it's ever been. And as long as we have the type whether it would be programmatic buying, whether it would be content, whether it would be PR, whether it would be content creation, all of it and distribution on a global basis, and we are the only place and I say we, as an industry, we are the only place where we could bring all of this together. And hopefully on an agnostic basis, to advise our clients where to put their money. So, I think our value proposition right now is as strong as it's ever been. And yeah, clients are going to look to make sure that we're doing it efficiently and it's no different than when we look at acquisitions, do we choose to grow it organically or buy it, so the buy versus rent argument is out there and it always is an analysis and it's incumbent upon us to show that we have the tools and resources to help our clients. And if we don't, they're either going to do it themselves or use some of the other providers. So do I think it's challenging? Yes. Do I think we've stepped up to the plate? Yes. Do I think we have to do more? Of course. And that's really what's driving a lot of these media pitches right now. They want to make sure that they're getting the best. And so, that they can make decisions with respect to how they move their business going forward and they're looking to us to provide a solution. And if we can't do that, they'll look for other solutions and that's no different than it's been 25 years ago. And we just have to stay ahead of the curve. And I know, our competitors whether it be the tech companies or consulting companies, are trying to have inroads in there, in addition to clients taking it in-house, but if you  I talked about this in Cannes, the creativity part of this is something that I think we can't lose sight of. And that is we do have that secret sauce as I put it, in terms of bringing that creative aspect, for all of these different tools and resources and we're the ones who are going to provide that, because this is where the talent wants to be. To work with these clients, whether they be global clients or domestic clients, these creative people are looking to do that, and we provide that, it's very difficult for these tech companies or consulting companies to recruit and retain the talent that we have in the organization. If you just look at McCann and FCB in terms of  as well as the rest of our businesses, but when you look at a Rob Reilly or a Susan Credle or any of the other creative people we have within our organization, those talented people are looking to our industry to use their talent and it's tough to get those kind of people and keep them engaged the way we do. So, I think that the demise of our business is not something that's going to happen and it's just, we just have to remain on our toes to make sure that we continue to invest in people, leverage our creativity expertise, and make sure we have the tools and resources to help our clients.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Sir, your line is open.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just a couple for Frank, Frank, the pass-through revenue that you called out in your prepared remarks, is that all in the U.S. or any geographic color you can give us?
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Ben, it's primarily the U.S. and the UK.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, just going back to this margin question or I guess our insistence to revisit the margin question. Frank, when you think about the incentive comp, are you guys accruing at a level that needs to go up, because you've raised your outlook because I know that's an area in the past when you've had a really strong top line year, you've had to ratchet that up as you've moved through the quarters.
Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I think, especially in the second quarter, Ben, we take  we're right in the middle of our midyear reviews to look at the full year. A year ago, we had some concerns about the back half of the year and you look at our accrual in the second quarter, our incentives was down. This year, we felt more positive about it. So we raised it up, so every quarter, we effectively mark-to-market how we  what we think we're going to need for the year, based upon our current thinking of the year. So right now, we're accruing to where we expect to land.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, in general, we use 3.5%. And in this quarter, you're right, we had to catch up, and the reason we had to catch up is not so much is the forecast, but our results indicate an improvement that requires us  of course, a lot of  our incentive comp is based on  a significant part is based on performance, which is what  is where it should be. So, there's a correlation between our performance and our incentive accrual, right.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And that's really what you're seeing right here.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And then, congratulations on getting the rating agencies all aligned. I know that was a work in progress, but I guess, I wonder if you could just update us on how you think about leverage now going forward? You guys are generating more cash flow than maybe you expected earlier in the year, given the top line strength and just, as we think about the model over the next couple of years, it seems like you've got a lot of capacity. What's the right leverage level for the company, in your view?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You know, the right leverage is always a function of the macroeconomics. We want to make sure that we're well positioned for any surprises that may be out there. Frankly, we learned this the hard way 10 years ago, and we've worked very hard, and thank you for acknowledging, to get the investment grade. I guess on a pure numbers basis, you can look at our leverage and see that we're probably under-levered. And, especially with the investment grade, I know the next part of your question is, are we going to be putting in a commercial paper program and use some of our excess cash? We're managing our cash flow, our treasury department, financial  Frank and his organization, we look at this very carefully. And frankly, if the opportunity is out there for us to put in a commercial paper program and it's beneficial to us, we will do that. And that should free up some opportunity for us to look at return to shareholders, whether it be in the form of dividends or buybacks. We still have plenty left in our buyback authorization, we have over $300 million left, and we intend to use that. And so, I like the position we're in right now from a financial order (50:27) position. And as we get stronger on the macroeconomic environment, then we'll look at the appropriate leverage, and I think that's what we've done for years, and that's the way it should be right now. A knee jerk reaction to put on a large amount of debt to buy back shares, for example, which a number of people would argue, I think is a short-term play versus a long-term play. But we do look at this, and it's incumbent upon us to review those transactions with our board, which we do, and we'll make a call between buybacks, using our leverage, and dividend distribution. I mean, that's what we owe to our shareholders, and that's how we view it.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And I just have one last one. Michael, when we look at the performance first half of the year, I think it's 6% plus organic and more, if you adjust for pass-through. I'm trying to reconcile that with the comments from marketers about focus on cost and procurement impact, and the tough global macro; how do you reconcile those things? Are you  do you have all the good clients, or are you taking a lot of share, or do you think that there is something happening in media buying, in particular, that's allowing the agencies to really benefit from this shift to digital spending? You guys tend to not talk about how much of your business is digital, and I understand completely why you do that. But could you give us any sense for, just how much that  the buying business is changing, and whether that's helping to drive this continued strong top line we're seeing?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I thought you would have noticed that much of my script was focusing on our digital capability. Frankly, I don't think we get credit for the strength of our digital offering. So that's why we spent so much time in our comments to show our strength in digital. You're asking me, which of my children do I like better? I think what our results show, is that we have strong offerings across the board. And our global networks, McCann obviously, is on the front foot and doing very well. FCB, Mullen Lowe, these are very powerful networks on a global basis. And we're seeing the results of investments we've made, restructurings that we've done, particularly, for example, Mullen Lowe, we brought in new talent at McCann and FCB. And I think- I don't think, I know we're seeing the results of that. I think McCann is a perfect example, in terms of Harris and his entire team, and the people that he'd been able to bring in to McCann, we're seeing results. And so, that is a very competitive offering in the marketplace, and that's certainly, along with FCB and Lowe  Mullen Lowe, excuse me  contributing to the growth that we're seeing and yeah, in a way, we're taking market share. That doesn't mean that our digital offerings, the R/GAs, the Huge, the Profero, the MRMs, all these  we have some silo digital offerings that are, frankly, double-digit growth. So they're helping us a lot. Our marketing services, Weber Shandwick or Golin, are taking market share. I don't think there's any question that we're seeing that, and media is a strong performer for us, and we're very comfortable  we made some personnel changes in media. I think Henry's putting together a great team. He has extensive experience in media, and it's helping us in these pitches that we're involved in now. I'm feeling pretty positive about where we stand in these pitches that are out there. As I said, we're defending clients that we have the long-standing relationship, I'm comfortable with that. And in those situations, where we're new to the block, we hope to pick up some additional revenue. So, I think it's all of the above is why we're performing, and frankly, that's why investors should be looking at us. It's not just one trick pony, it's not an overweight in one particular area, whether it be media or , and on a global basis, we're well distributed in terms of our sources of revenue. So, if you put it altogether, you'll end up with an organic growth that we have and that's what makes a competitive organization, and frankly, that's why we're feeling good about this particular result that we're showing, because it's across the board, it's not just one particular network or organization or discipline that's contributing to it.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, guys.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Right. You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Dan Salmon of BMO Capital. Sir, your line is open.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey guys, good morning. Michael, you called out Brazil a couple of times in your prepared remarks and highlighted it for deceleration. Could you just give a little color on that. It's kind of a funny year there where you're coming off this difficult comp with the World Cup, but going into Olympics next year, how much is just disruption around being in-between a couple of huge events versus sort of core challenges on the macro side there?
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah I mean last year, I think last quarter we were up 7% and before that we were up double digits, so  there is a relative strong comp in Brazil in particular but  look there's no question that there's a pullback in Brazil. I mean the huge growth that we've seen across the board is just not there, so, we're concerned about it. Of course, we had a particular issue in Brazil, that we had to deal with, so I'm not going to bury your head to it, and frankly, we will be able to put that behind us and we feel we have  we certainly have that fenced it right now, but it's a market that is going through a lot of changes down there. And so, we're cautious about it. Fortunately, in LatAm, we're seeing strength in Mexico, and Argentina, so that offsetting some of the weakness we're seeing in Brazil and so for the full year  although, we're down in the quarter, we're relatively flat. We hope for the full year. And I think that really reflects what we're seeing in the macroeconomic environment. Of course coming into next year we hope to see a pickup in Brazil, because we do have events coming there. And hopefully particularly with our marketing service businesses, we can provide some kick to the organic side of the business, but it's a concern. The other side of it is of course, it's not a major part of our business, and that's one of the benefits of our global footprint.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Operator: Okay. We have come to the bottom of the hour. Back to you Mr. Roth, for any closing thoughts.
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I thank you all for your support. All you can tell, we're delighted with our results, but we're certainly not raising any flags. We have a lot of work ahead of us, and we'll now go back to putting our heads down and delivering. Thank you very much for your support.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerry Leshne - VP of IR Michael Roth - CEO Frank Mergenthaler - CFO 
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan John Janedis - Jefferies David Bank - RBC Capital Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities Tim Nolan - Macquarie Group Dan Solomon - BMO Capital Market James Dix - Wedbush Securities Brian Wieser - Pivotal Research
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to Interpublic Group First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce, Mr. Jerry Leshne, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne : Thank you, good morning and thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com. This morning we are joined by Michael Roth; and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties and the cautionary statement that are included in our earnings release and the slide presentation, and further detailed in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful, supplemental data, that while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you Jerry and good morning, we'd like to thank you for joining us as we review our results for the quarter. I'll start out by covering highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide details and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by the Q&A. We're pleased to report another quarter of strong performance, organic revenue grew 5.7% in Q1 on top of 6.6% a year ago. Our growth was driven by increases in all major disciplines in most geographic regions. It's worth noting that in the quarter acquisitions added 1.1% to growth and currency translation was a 4.4% drag on revenue. Given the further strengthening of the dollar during Q1 currency translation would be a full year headwind of 5.1% at recent exchange rates. It's also important to note that because our revenue and expenses are evenly matched at current exchange rates we expect currency would be neutral to our percentage operating margin for the year. Operating profit was $8 million compared to a loss of $12 million a year ago, as you all know our first quarter is seasonally small in terms of revenue while costs are distributed fairly evenly throughout the year. Our first positive Q1 result in terms of profit in over a decade is therefore yet another milestone that points to the continued progress at Interpublic.  During the quarter we achieved leverage on both our principal expense categories, driving breakeven earnings per share compared to a loss of $0.05 per share in the same period a year ago.  Turning to more color on revenue, our growth reflects both increases with existing clients as well as new business wins. We were led by increases in the healthcare, food and beverage, tech and telecom and retail sectors. In the U.S., organic growth was 6.1% with outstanding performance across a broad range of agencies and disciplines. International organic growth was also strong at 5.1% with nearly all major regions contributing. We had increases in Asia-PAC, the UK and the Middle East as well as a welcome return to growth in continental Europe. LatAm decreased less than 1% on an organic basis.  Turning to expenses and margin, total operating expenses increased 1.2% compared with our reported revenue growth of 2.4%, as a result Q1 operating margin improved by a 120 basis points. Cost discipline and margin enhancement remain a top priority and we were able to execute against that objective again during the quarter.  Our capital structure also continued to be a source of value creation. Earlier this month S&P raised our credit rating to investment grade, this is the culmination of an extended process and reflects significant positive developments at IPG in recent years. We are now rated investment grade by all three major credit rating agencies, according to us an important recognition of financial strength and fulfilling a long standing management objective. As previously announced in February, our board approved a 26% increase to our quarterly dividend and authorized an additional 300 million share repurchase program.  During Q1 we repurchased 2.5 million shares using $51 million, since the inception of the repurchase programs in February 2011 we've repurchased a 124 million shares at an average cost of $12.63 per share. We are encouraged that our performance in the quarter continues to reflect the competitiveness of our agencies, the quality of our offerings of course the full spectrum of digital services within our advertising, marketing services as well as media agencies was once again a key contributor to our strong results.  Our strategic focus remains on delivering outstanding creativity, top tier digital capabilities embedded across the portfolio and on crafting integrated solutions for our clients. This combination will ensure that we continue to be called upon by clients for higher value services thereby allowing us to grow and win in today's world of dynamic technology enabled consumer marketing. Given the strength of our offerings and our first quarter performance, we believe that we remain well positioned to achieve our financial targets for the full year.  At this stage I'll turn things over to Frank with some additional details on our results, after his remarks I'll be back to provide an update on our agencies and the tone of the business to be followed by the Q&A. 
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you Michael, good morning. As a reminder I'll be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2 you see an overview of our results. Organic growth was 5.7% in the first quarter, 6.1% in the US and 5.1% in our international markets. Q1 operating profit was 8 million in our seasonally small first quarter, an improvement of 20 million compared to last year. Operating margin was 50 basis points compared with negative 70 basis points in Q1 2014.  Turning to Slide 3 you'll see our P&L for the quarter; I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Turning to revenue on Slide 4, revenue was 1.68 billion in the quarter, an increase of 2.4%. Compared to Q1 2014 the impact of the change in exchange rates was a negative 4.4% while net acquisitions added 1.1%. The resulting organic revenue increase was 5.7%.  With the strengthening of the US dollar against most currencies its worth pointing out that revenues and expense of our businesses are very well matched in functional terms. FX change had minimal impact on our change in operating profit and margin in the quarter. It's also worth noting that our pass through revenue decreased slightly compared to Q1 2014 which is offset by a decrease in our O&G expense.  As you can see on the bottom half of this slide organic growth was 6.7% at our integrated agency network segment with contributions from all major disciplines with notable increases at all three of our global network McCann, FCB and Lowe. CMG grew 1.6% organically with continued solid growth in our PR businesses. On a net basis growth at CMG was in the mid-single digits. Moving on to Slide 5, revenue by region, US organic growth of 6.1% was broad based across a number of our agencies, led by McCann, FCB, Deutsch, Mediabrands and CMG. Leading client sectors were healthcare, tech and telecom and food and beverage. Turning to international markets the UK grew 6.4% organically which is on top of 10.7% a year ago. We had strong growth at all three global integrated networks, McCann, FCB and Lowe, as well as our digital specialist HUGE and R/GA. Most client sectors grew as well notably retail, consumer goods, and food and beverage. Continental Europe increased 3.5% organically on top of 3.8% a year ago. We were led by Mediabrands, Lowe and R/GA. Geographically this will result [included] growth in Spain and model decreases in both Germany and France.  In Asia-PAC our largest international region Q1 organic growth was 6% with increases in many national markets led by China, India and Singapore. Lowe and McCann were very strong across the region as were HUGE and R/GA. In LatAm we decreased 0.7% organically on top of 18% growth year-ago as well as 16% growth in Q1 2013. The decrease was driven by increase in the challenged economy in Brazil and time and appliance spending partially offset by growth in other markets such as Argentina and Mexico.  Our other markets increased 10.4% organic in Q1 driven mainly by growth in the Middle East. On slide six, we tried the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12 month basis. The most recent data point is 5.4%.  Moving to slide seven, our operating expenses. In the first quarter total operating expenses increased 1.2% from the year ago compared to our reported revenue increase of 2.4%. Our Q1 ratio of salaries and related expenses to revenue was 72.5% this year compared with 72.6 a year-ago, an improvement of 10 basis points. It is important to note that the decrease in pass-through revenue, which is offset dollar-for-dollar and lower O&G expense resulted in some deleveraging on SRS and some leveraging on O&G by resulting in no impact on operating profit. Adjusted for change in pass-through revenue our SRS leverage is 40 basis points.  Our base salaries benefit tax was 60.5% of revenue compared with 60.3 a year ago an increase of 20 basis points. Expense for temporary labor was 3.9% of revenue the same level as a year-ago. Incentive expense as a percentage of revenue was also unchanged from year-ago and severance expense improved 20 basis points as a percentage of revenue. All other salaries and related expense was 3.2% of revenue compared with 3.3% a year-ago. Total headcount at quarter-end was approximately 48,000. Headcount increased during the quarter by approximately 1% from Q4 of 2014 on higher growth areas in the portfolio and to support new business wins.  Turning to office and general expenses on the lower half of the slide. O&G expense was 27% of Q1 revenue an improvement of 110 basis points from year-ago that leverage across most major expense components. We had 50 basis points of leverage on occupancy expense, 30 basis points of leverage on telecom, office supplies and travel and 30 basis points on our category of all other O&G expense as pass-through expenses decreased.  On slide eight, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12 month basis. Most recent data point is 10.7% which reflects solid progress towards our full year target of 80 basis points to 100 basis points. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on slide nine, we ended the first quarter with 741 million in cash in short-term marketable securities. It's worth noting that our cash level is seasonal and it tends to peak at year-end.  On slide 10, we turn to cash flow. Cash used in operations in Q1 was 797 million compared with 726 year-ago. Operating cash flow is also seasonal, as our business generates significant cash and working capital in the fourth quarter and uses cash and working capital in the first quarter. During this year's first quarter, cash used in working capital was 801 million compared with use of 723 million a year-ago. Investing activities in Q1 used 20 million 20 million for capital expenditures. Financing activity used 51 million mainly in capital return to shareholders partially offset by increased short-term borrowings.  We used 51 million for share repurchases and our common stock dividend was 49 million. Typically the pace of our share repurchases geared to our fourth quarter when our cash flows are strongest. Our net decrease in cash and marketable securities for the quarter was 926 million compared with 866 million a year-ago. On slide 11 we showed debt deleveraging from the peak of 2.35 billion in 2007 to 1.76 billion at the most recent quarter-end.  In summary on slide 12 we are pleased with our revenue growth and profit performance in the quarter which represents a good start in terms of achieving our financial objectives for the full year.  With that let me turn it back to Michael. 
Michael Roth: Thanks Frank. We are obviously pleased with the results were announcing this morning. Organic revenue performance was not only competitive it looks to have come in at the top-end of our sector. If there is noting that digital services across the Group were significant contributors to organic revenue growth. Other highlights in terms of organic growth includes the fact that we saw contributions from across the portfolio including all three global networks, McCann, FCB and Lowe. Performance at media brands and at our PR agencies continue to be strong. Asia and the UK grew well and we saw a positive growth quarter in Continental Europe.  The deceleration we experienced in LatAm largely reflects macroeconomic issues in Brazil as well as the fact that we were facing difficult comps in that region. We continue to demonstrate disciplined cost management and we remain focused on converting the appropriate levels so as to deliver on our margin improvement target for the year. Investment and talent supplemented by strategic acquisitions should ensure that we maintain the very high level of our professional offerings. We also remained committed to robust capital return programs that can drive further value creation for our shareholders. Moving on to the tone of the business. What we are hearing from our operators and in our conversations with major multinational clients is that there is a consistent commitment to investing behind brands as company seeks to drive their business forward. We are seeing areas of macro uncertainty such as Brazil, Russia and certain markets in the Middle East. Of course its still early in the year with only three months in the books at this point. But the overall environment is such that we continue to see sufficient opportunities for us to achieve our stated growth objectives for the year. The marketing mix that is right for each of our clients in order to meet a range of marketing challenges is becoming increasingly complex. We therefore need to be able to customize our approach for each specific situation as we continue to have at our disposal all of the tools required to meet the evolving needs of the marketplace. Our new business pipeline is sound and we are tracking solid activity at most of our agencies. The first quarter saw some notable wins and were involved in the full range of major opportunities that are currently being contested, other than those we are conflicted and unable to participate. Our performance in new business was very strong last year and we want to keep building on that result. Highlights at our agencies include a very strong quarter from McCann with continued new business momentum, increased levels and integration within Worldgroup and in working with a range of IPG agencies, as well as a very strong showing in terms of industry honors including the recent news from the Global Effie Awards that McCann has been named the industrys second ranked network in terms of marketing effectiveness. Were rank number four globally on the Effie Index in terms of marketing effectiveness and one of its campaigns for Unilever was recognized as the best in the world in terms of driving marketplace results. The integration of Profero continues to go well and thats providing Lowe with a strong digital partner on a range of client engagements. As previously mentioned, our focus with Lowe remains to scale the network more broadly in the U.S. and unlock potential growth in the U.S. based multinationals. Progress as FCB continued to be evident in its results especially domestically and in the UK with a merger with Inferno has been a success. The agencys flagship Chicago office won significant assignments during the quarter with IN BEC and more recently the New York agency was named AOR for Vonage. We see further promise at the FCB health operations, especially as we add the ICC Lowe assets to that portfolio. At leading brands the management succession has been quite seamless, Henry Tajer moving from his global COO role to CEO initiatives [and UM] are strong in competitive networks. We continue to be a leader in addressing the change that technology is bringing to the media landscape as evident by Cadreons recent announcement that it will be the first in programmatic radio, our investment in Samba TV and Magnas global creation of our consortium of 15 cable networks to enable targeted automated buying of TV inventory. It bears noting here that our overall organic growth results do not benefit from taking inventory positions and media particularly the programmatic space where our offering is strong but predicated on a whole consulted model in which our impartiality and expertise are key differnetiators. CMG agencies continue to perform well in the quarter led by public relationships. We were consistently winners in market share new assignments from clients such as Unilever, Mattel, Field Air, the United Nations and most recently the American Cancer Society as well as major awards including Weber Shandwick once again being an agency of the year by PR Group. Our U.S. integrated independent agencies continue to be a source of strength with Interpublic coming off outstanding overall performance in 2014 Mullen and Deutsche continue to be leaders in the marketplace. Carmichael Lynch added U.S. Bank after a highly competitive review that just concluded in early April. Along with the Martin Agency and Hill Holliday all of our domestic independents provide clients with a breadth of service including full-fledged creative digital experiential, analytics and social capabilities. Huge MRM and RGA of all leaders in the marketplace. MRM is among the leading industrys top global digital networks with 30 offices in over 20 world markets. The growth as huge has been significant and the agency continues to be known for its best in class capabilities in the area of marketing utility. RGA remains the leader in innovations that have defined digital marketing since its inception.  We are also very proud that this year the Cannes Festival recognized Bob Greenberg with his most prestigious owner for and I quote having helped show the way forward for the industry. Some among our peers have approached digital primarily by means of headline grabbing, M&A transactions and a siloed approach to this key competency. We continue to see the benefits of our long term approach from investing in talent and embedding digital expertise and capabilities throughout our portfolio of agencies.  We believe this is consistent with the changing dynamics of media usage and consumer behavior. This strategy places our integrated marketing solution at the center of a client centric connected world and continues to be evident in our strong organic growth performance. As we look to the balance of the year we see some geographic markets that will require monitoring and we will of course remain vigilant on cost and on the appropriate levels of margin conversion going forward. While first quarter results were quite positive it bears repeating that is our seasonally smallest quarter and there's work ahead for us to deliver the year.  At this point we believe that we remain well positioned to achieve our organic growth target of 3-4% and to improve operating margins by 80 to a 100 basis points. Combined with our companys financial strength and commitment to robust return of capital we have been and will continue to be a source of significant value creation. This will allow us to further enhance shareholder value.  With that I thank you for your time and open up the floor to questions. Operator, can we have the first question please.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Ms. Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan, ma'am your line is now open.
Alexia Quadrani: On new business wins which continue to look very-very strong and just trying to get a sense of how much that contributed to organic growth in the quarter and I guess sort of any further color on how you see the recent new business wins sort of in terms of is it a tailwind for the rest of the year and then I have a quick follow up.
Michael Roth: Alexia, I'm sorry, we missed the first part of your question was it basically about our net new business positive. 
Alexia Quadrani: Yes, the net new business being so strong how much of it contributed to your growth and how do you see it, is it a tailwind for the rest of the year.
Michael Roth: Well, we continue to be net new business positive, and as what we said at the end of last year we have tailwinds going into this year of approximately 1%, and going into the second half we seem to flatten out. But we don't break out our revenue by net new business. I will tell you that we see a good organic growth from our existing top 20 clients.
Alexia Quadrani: And then on the-- what I would qualify as sort of a long overdue upgrade by the last rating agency the S&P, I guess how is -- does that at all change I guess your cost to capital and sort of your outlook in terms of capital returns to shareholders.
Michael Roth: Look as we've always said thank you for recognizing that, this has certainly been one of our key objectives and we're pleased to see S&P move the way they did. Look, now that we're investment grade from all three rating agencies what it does give us is additional flexibility on liquidity. It should open up an opportunity for us to utilize commercial paper. That will add to our existing lines of credit that we have which are almost $1 billion. So clearly that gives us financial flexibility as we go forward. We cant tell you when but we are looking at all opportunities on commercial paper and that frees up cash on our balance sheet that will be factored into our needs for the business in terms of acquisitions and certainly dividends and buybacks will be reflective of our balance sheet strength and excess cash we have. So I think that it gives us an additional cushion if you will as we move forward. We still have a significant amount of authorized buyback from our board, 390 some odd million dollars and obviously at this point that's sufficient and we will continue to monitor that as we go forward. We are committed to returning cash to our shareholders in both dividends as well as buyback methodology.
Operator: Our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. John Janedis from Jefferies, sir your line is now open.
John Janedis: Frank, I was hoping you can touch on, the leverage on and the relationship between the SRS and ONG line, I know you talked about the pass through revenue but with the strength in organic and the SRS fund flattish year-over-year do you have to spend for the growth.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, John it works real with a 120 basis point of margin improvement and we're fairly disclosive on those key metrics and the pass through [indiscernible] clouded a bit. But we're coming off a very strong fourth quarter growth wise, a very good quarter growth wise in the first quarter and we got to bring those people on to do the work and sometimes the revenue and the hiring doesnt align in the quarterly timeframe, but we still need to get leverage out of SRS to meet our overall targets, its an area of focus for the entire management team.
Michael Roth: Yes, when we put out 80 to a 100 basis point improvement as Frank says the big opportunity for us is in SRS and with the pass throughs how it reflects our ONG. So weve got three more quarters to go and within that period we expect to see leverage with respect to the SRS. It's clearly a key priority, it's in our management objectives and thats how we come up with our forecasted margin expansion. 
John Janedis: Maybe just separately can you wane on the rebase discussion from the IPG point of view and can you also speak to Brazil and to what extent recent headlines may or may not be impacting business?
Michael Roth: Let me talk about the rebate first. Now the total issue of ABBs and rebate is not new to IPG and some 10 years ago you may recall that we made that as an important issue as we became Sarbanes compliant at that point in time you recall we set up the significant amount of liability to pay back to our clients and we embarked on a full transparency program with IPG to make sure that there is transparency and then any rebate will be properly reflected in our contracts and given to our clients.  So consistent with that in those markets first of all in the U.S. we have no rebate and therefore it's not an issue for us in the U.S. And in those markets where there are rebates were in fact encouraged by our clients to get as much volume rebates as possible, and our contracts are clear that those rebates belong to our clients or how they instruct us to treat those rebates. So were extremely comfortable with the notion that we don't have any issues with respect to that. And in fact all of our contracts are fully transparent and consistent with that notion that we established 10 years-ago. So were comfortable there.  On issue of Brazil of course were disappointed in what happened in Brazil. I might point out that we in fact investigated thats review of prior to what news that you saw in the media and in fact we had an extensive review of what was going on in Brazil we took action internally in the fact that we dismissed one or two employees within that organization and based on the review that we seen this is been an isolated case of those one or two individuals. We have cooperating with all the authorities with respect to that. We do not see a systemic issue here with respect to that this is the action of one or two individuals from a financial point of view. The numbers that are involved are not material to both IPG and our revenue numbers and our profitability. And we are following up on this very carefully and cooperating. We do not believe that this is a systemic issue for us in Brazil and were cooperating as best we can.  By the way part of your question might be that we did see a decline in Brazil in this year, that had nothing to do with this particular issue. This was a -- with a decline in two fold, one is we had a very strong company versus last year well in double-digits, and two the macroeconomic environment in Brazil is difficult at the current time. 
Operator: The next question will be coming from the line of Mr. David Bank of RBC Capital. Sir, your line is now open. 
David Bank: Michael I know you are always concerned about what you call the backdoor they need to continually improve service for clients make sure you keep them and win new ones. Frank I know the S&P rating is a lifetime appointment; you don't want to take it for granted. But it seems like for the first time in both your guys administration together the near-term business is operating about a smoothly as it can knock wood. So I guess my question is as you settle into that were in a period of unprecedented change in an unprecedented short period of time in marketing and media. Can you take your focus or do you take your focus and shift it a little longer-term, and whatever can you talk a little bit about like in five years how does IPG need to be different, what are you working toward over the longer-term now that I would imagine get a little bit more flexibility now that the business is sort of taking care of itself. 
Michael Roth: We can spend an hour talking about that, David and we probably will. It's interesting I just addressed [Harris] had a global meeting of McCann grow well group of 500 people down in Florida. It was a great meeting. And I was addressing the very issues that you are talking about.  First of all we don't settle in. This business as you know is very difficult and if you settle in anything you lose. So we are continually focusing on as you pointed out keeping the backdoor closed. And if you look at as I answered the question before of our top-20 clients we had very nice organic revenue growth from [indiscernible], and clearly the fact that we were keeping the backdoor closed is one of those reasons and we do not take clients for granted.  We frankly -- the mantra around here is that we treat existing client as if we are pitching them for new business because thats the way we should treat existing clients. And settling in is hardly a thing to do when we had this large fragmented media environment, very competitive from our clients in terms of prices and so on. And what our main mantra is going to be we have to be client centric. And that means we have to continue to focus on the needs of our clients and in order to do that we have to invest in talent, we have to invest in all the technology thats out there, we have to provide integrated offerings that clients are looking for one place or places that give them the edge of on the competitive situation and clearly media, digital talent, creative all come together finally in this business. For years its always been solid and now as we dont provide an integrated offering clients will look for it elsewhere so we are not taking anything for granted. Obviously were very pleased with both the last years results and the first quarter but we are constantly focusing on how to be better. We dont have to bigger but we have to be best in class in terms of meeting the needs of our clients and that is what our operators are focused on and the results of that youre seeing in the organic growth that were having and the margin improvement because we are still focused on narrowing that gap. So I think the key to the future of IPG is not being the biggest we have to be client centric, we have to be the place where talent wants to go. One of the things that I really am pleased about is the fact that weve been able to recruit high caliber talent across all of our networks and frankly we like the fact that IPG is viewed as a good place to be within our peers groups because of the fact that we are client centric and we are focused on meeting the needs of the clients directly. Other than that we dont pay attention to it David. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. Peter Stabler from Wells Fargo Securities. Sir, your line is now open.
Peter Stabler: Good morning, and thanks for taking the question, Ive got two. First of all Michael thanks for your comments on digital and lack of benefit to organic growth. So, just wanted to get a little more color here and ask you is it really your stated policy not to pass media through your income statement today and/or in the future do you -- can you give us that assurance or is that something that could change?  And then secondly and trying to find areas of weakness here, just on the CMG side, you called out TR is performing well. Is there anything in there that you can or color you could offer on what didnt go so well this quarter? And it seems like some marketing services kind of across the group appear a little weaker over the last couple of quarters. I am just wondering if there is anything there to be concerned about at that marketing supports or anything. Thanks very much.
Michael Roth: Let me talk about your comment about media. We have historically been different than our competitors certainly more recently on the issue of taking inventory the reason that there is gross versus net with respect to some of our competitors is that they take inventory on their own behalf and then in essence sell that inventory to their clients. We act as in essence agents for our clients we do not take inventory. And as a result when you see our gross versus net the only item that affects our gross versus net is our experiential and pass through type expenses. And by the way those expenses do not carry margin along with it. So we do not have a gross up in our organic revenue that reflects media owned and it is our stated policy and frankly we believe that being agnostic in the marketplace is a competitive advantage to us versus our competitors because its hard to be an advisor when on one hand youre giving them advices to where they should place their media dollars and on the other hand you have an inventory component that you are -- equity interest in getting rid of it at a profit so we believe that is a distinction that we will maintain in the marketplace. Now if as some of our competitors say it makes no differences as long as the net of buying and effectiveness is there if we see the marketplace develop over a period of time where in fact that is recognized and not giving us advantage in terms of meeting the needs of our clients then we will rethink it but right now as recently as this month we looked at that again and we believe as you will see in some of the pitches that taking that inventory position is not consistent with our overall model on as being agnostic in the marketplace. And frankly if I were a consumer thats the way I would look at it, so thats our strategy. And the accounting follows your business practice and therefore our accounting does not require us to gross anything other than the pass-throughs that we have. As far as CMG, Ill let Frank talk about.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the CMG side Peter the PR firms grew high single digits. The overall segment was relatively flat because we had a fairly large project in the UK from our experiential business that didnt repeat this year, it happens every three years. And thats a good example as Mike pointed out a lot of that was pass through revenue so when you look at the overall segment on a net basis growth was in the mid-single digits so it did very well in 14 and were very confident that it did very well in 15.
Michael Roth: There is one other point and I think I have to bring up we have stated we do have a business called ORION which is the [barter] business. Frankly all of our competitors or most of them have [a barter] business. In that particular niche we do take inventory position, but it's not an inventory position, its acting on behalf of our client with respect to that inventory which is why we dont gross that up either. So, yes, there is a part of our business that does have some -- its not an equity but we do take inventory but its on behalf of our client for a specific reason, so our [barter] business is a little bit different than the rest of our business and in fact it's a separate and distinct business, so I have to clarify that point.
Peter Stabler: And that's small, Michael.
Michael Roth: Yes, well its -- when you say small, its a profitable part of our business but its small compared to the overall media business. Thank for the clarification both of you.
Operator: Thank you, our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. Tim Nolan from Macquarie Group, sir, your line is now open.
Tim Nolan: I'd like to continue on this topic of programmatic. You guys set out a number a year or two ago which I never really took as a realistic but more like a reach figure of doing somewhere toward half of totally buying on a programmatic basis in a few years' time. Your acquisition or your partnership with Samba TV seems to be a step in that direction, wonder if you could talk a little bit more about how you're moving toward programmatic buying in online video and then in more traditional media like TV and radio. Thanks.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Tim. We never said that 50% was going to be programmatic, it may be over a period of time but when we said 50% was going to be automation, and that's a little bit different than putting everything under the programmatic.  Frankly our media business we're using cables and faxes so our main objective was moving towards automation. We do see a significant rise in programmatic but it is not at the levels of 50%. And we have been rolling that out on a global basis, because we think it is a very efficient and effective way to handle video certainly on the digital side of the business.  So we are committed to it, Cadreon was one of the leaders in the business, we keep investing in Cadreon and talent and tools and as you point out we enter into all these agreements with various cable operators in fact radio now and our investment in Samba TV all of these things are related about having the right data to place the media dollars in the right place to reach the right people at an efficient way. And we believe that it should be -- automation should play an important part of it and programmatic falls within that automation.
Tim Nolan: Do you think traditional media owners will be willing to open up more of their inventory to programmatic buys?
Michael Roth: Well you know, what I did say and you're correct in remembering this I did say it's going to be difficult for TV, premium content on TV to be put into that fold because of you know the control of it and maybe arguably is not there and therefore it's hard for them to negotiate premiums. You know what the marketplace will determine whether that happens. And as it grows and as it becomes more efficient and as clients and media owners become more comfortable with it we may see it but we're not seeing it right now.
Tim Nolan: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you, our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. Dan Solomon from BMO Capital Market, sir your line is now open.
Dan Solomon: Frank, maybe could we start by just returning to the balance sheet with Publicis having acquired Sapient with Omnicom having used up their balance sheet capacity. If we look at your leverage you're back down to sort of the low end of where the group is, if you could maybe just update us on your thoughts on where you'd like to see target leverage head to you eventually.  And then Michael just quickly on Brazil and Russia, could you cite the issue we were talking about earlier with Lowe, not an IPG specific issue, but those markets appear to be going through a little bit more than just a little economic blip right now. How are you thinking about them, how are clients thinking about them? Is there may be easing off the M&A pipeline in those markets, but Id be interested in your updated thoughts on the sort of the geopolitical macro issues there.
Michael Roth: I wish I can solve all of those problems. Let me take Brazil and Russia and comment a little bit about our balance sheet. First of all Russia, obviously the Russian markets are not the strongest right now, but recently -- I've actually had some direct conversations with our clients because frankly for years now we've been talking to our partner in Russia and in fact we've got some approval in Russia for us to do a transaction with respect to our partner on some of their properties there -- enabling us to have better control over the quality of the product with respect to our multinational clients in Russia and were planning on going forward with that, that transaction.  So you might say, gee in this environment why are you doing that in Russia, and the answer is our client still believes that Russia is an important market and consistent with that it's important for us to have the top talent and resources servicing those clients in Russia, so we're going forward with our transaction with ADV, I have to say it, it's at a cheaper price obviously in terms of both the movement of the currency as well as the economics in Russia and we took advantage of that but we are still moving forward and believe Russia is an important market and frankly its a place that we still believe we have to be there to service our multinational clients.  Brazil everyone knows is going to a difficult time right and there was a pullback and we saw it in our multinational larger global agencies down there. It was partially offset by other areas in Latin America that were positive, Mexico for example. But Brazil were watching very carefully, we hope to return to growth in Brazil throughout the year but the benefit of being a multinational and global service provider that we are where one region becomes little difficult fortunately there are other regions that are strong, when I am particularly pleased to see the growth in India. We went through a period in India where the growth wasn't there during the elections and now that Modi is in place and things are happening we had double-digit growth almost double-digit growth in India. So I think thats a positive sign. And obviously China continues to grow for us at a double-digit rate. And of course were very strong in U.S.  So were watching Brazil carefully, we still have top tier talent and our agencies down there are best-in-class, and as Brazil we will get through this. Look the growth of the middle-class in Brazil is a real and I think eventually and with all the event the Olympics and so on I think will see a snapback in Brazil once this all happens.  On our balance sheet we've always said we wanted to be strong, have a strong balance sheet maybe thats part of the DNA of our company given the difficulties we had many years ago. And there might be a little room in our leverage right now and frankly [we were that] way to make sure that we get we finally get F&B over the finish line. And we will take a hard look in terms of our leverage and use as I said at the commercial paper market. And then maybe some opportunity for us in terms of buybacks, but if we make a business decision in terms of what we do with our cash, and that cash is decided either it goes to a reinvesting in our business whether it would be strategic acquisitions investments in talent or just overall investment in our businesses versus returning it to our shareholders and if we return it to our shareholders we will take a look at the mix between dividends and buybacks. And obviously were very sensitive to the needs of our investors and in fact every investor meeting we have we ask them what their preference versus dividend versus buybacks and we listen to our investors and we respond accordingly.  The good news is we will have the financial flexibility to do both, and what that mix is will be decided by the marketplace and the needs of our businesses. 
Operator: The next question will be coming from the line of Mr. James Dix from Wedbush Securities. Sir your line is now open. 
James Dix: Two questions, just first if youve been hearing from some competitors that the level of pitch activity seems to be ticking up industry wide there is some [trade press] on some potentially big reviews coming up. Just any color you could give on the puts and takes where you see relative net opportunities versus where you might be defending maybe a little bit more business might be helpful.  And then just second youve given good color in terms of the margins in terms of where the leverage is coming from especially adjusting for things like pass-throughs. I guess just from a business perspective as you look across your agencies, are there certain things which you are seeing that's driving the leverage growth in terms of greater share of wallet from existing clients or just better utilization of personal or individual basis or just hitting more performance incentives across your contract. Just anything from a business perspective that you are seeing as you look across your agencies which is starting to kick in for you?
Michael Roth: All of the above. This is a very competitive environment right now. Now you did see the announcement of PNG for example they are anticipating cutting an agency fees if you will by a significant amount, clients overall and it's not new to the industry our clients are always looking for more for less and what we have to be able to do is twofold, one the most important thing is we have to show that were adding value to what we are delivering, and therefore we have to be responsive to the effectiveness -- the creativity and effectiveness of the work we do. And then we have to be able to measure it and be accountable for it.  So I think the pressure is much greater now given that these tools are out there for measurement to prove the return on investment with respect to marketing dollars. And were in a position to be able to do that, and clients appropriately are asking to see that return on investment. And at the same time they are looking to have savings and be able to show that the effectiveness of what they are spending is greater and spending less also gives them a similar response rate. And frankly thats where we add value.  If we can show that if you spend dollars in one place versus another and the one thats cheaper is as effective if not better then it's a win-win. We add value, we get paid for the value that were adding, clients show effectiveness and market share and they spend less and that is going to be a dialog between us and our clients forever. And as these tools become sharper, as media plays more and more an important in terms of the integrated offering we have to have the best talent tools and resources and scale in order to be able to make that happen. And thats the dialog thats going on every day with our clients and frankly when I was a client thats what I would do and thats whats happening. And were being responsive for it and if you look at our organic growth thats a good indication that were able to overcome and be able to have those conversations. As far as pitches I think the big pitches that are out there are principally media. In every couple of years every multinational client looks at their media agencies and puts it through a pitch and a lot of these pitches are focusing on efficiencies which is exactly what I just said. And so you see Coca-Cola having a media pitch. You have Unilever having a media pitch. These are global clients L'Oreal is having a media pitch. These are global clients that not necessarily unhappy with the services that theyre getting but they want to make sure theyre optimizing the use of their media dollars in an efficient way and moving the needle and were responsive, we have a good track record in those pitches and we expect to see that continue. On the creative side, we do have a couple of big pitches coming up particularly contractual pitches, for example the army which is a mandatory review and the navy has a mandatory review both of which weve been successful in retaining and obviously we hope to do the same moving forward. And on the other side, there are pitches out there of what we call opportunities because we arent in those pitches, we arent existing client relationships and this is an opportunity. For example Chrysler has a digital pitch out there and were participating in that one. So yes the marketplace is -- and by the way there are fair amount of pitches out there that arent public and those are the ones where we have existing relationships where were looking for a larger share of the wallet. So I think that bodes well for us frankly in the industry in that there are these opportunities where we can get to go head to head with our competitors and show where we add value. So its a pretty exciting time.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the margin question the key thing around that is growth and converting that growth at an efficient rate. And thats the challenge for us because as Michael pointed out the growth has been driven by investment talent. We all focus on SRS so we need to invest and this is aligned with Johns earlier question, we need to invest and that drives the growth and then weve got to convert that at efficient rate and thatll improve the margin.
James Dix: Great, thanks very much.
Michael Roth: The key to our existing client relationships being important here because if you do look at our top 20 clients we do have a nice organic growth within those 20 clients and that tells us that the relationships are good, the products and services were providing to those clients are working and they are viewed as partners to those clients.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be coming from the line of Mr. Brian Wieser from Pivotal Research. Sir, your line is now open.
Brian Wieser: Two quick ones, just question at the quarters working capital figure, I was wondering how much of the expansion of that number is due to business growth versus somewhat pressure on payments terms?  And separately just a question on Europe, were hearing I guess a lot of relatively positive comments on the region in general. I was wondering what your thoughts around whether or not its turned the corner for the [indiscernible]?
Michael Roth: Ill let Frank talk about working capital. No one is raising a flag on Europe. We have -- obviously its nice to have positive growth in Continental Europe. Certainly the number seems to indicate that from a growth perspective there seems to be some light at the end of the tunnel here and anecdotally seems to be stronger. I love whats happening in the UK is very strong market for us now and hopefully that will still over to the rest of Continental Europe. But for our planning purposes for the rest of the year, we havent built into it a big recovery in Continental Europe. So to the extent that we continue to be successful in growth in Continental Europe that will bode well for us for the full year, but were basically counting on to being flat up or down 1% and well see how that develops.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Brian on the working capital its normal to seasonal flows you look at we have significant working capital cash generation in the fourth quarter and then we have outflows in the first quarter. And you look at the outflows this first quarter and take a look at Q4 14 that correlation is pretty consistent with prior years, none of it relates to changing in terms, terms have been pretty consistent.
Brian Wieser: I just mean the Q1 this year versus the prior years Q1s but its nothing unusual.
Frank Mergenthaler: No if you look at Q1 versus the previous Q4 and they trade pretty much in a band if you look back over the past five or six years.
Michael Roth: At this point, Id like to thank you all for participating. As we said, were very pleased with the quarter but we have three more quarters to go. Look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes this conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-13 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerry Leshne - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Michael Roth - Chief Executive Officer Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JPMC John Janedis - Jefferies David Bank - RBC Capital Brian Wieser - Pivotal Research Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Barry Lucas - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to The Interpublic Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. [Operator Instructions] Todays conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce, Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and well refer to both in the course of this call. This morning we are joined by Michael Roth; and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to the uncertainties and the cautionary statement that are included in our earnings release and the slide presentation, and are further details in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful, supplemental data, that while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry. And thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our results for the fourth quarter 2014. As usual, Ill start out by covering the highlights of our performance. Frank, will then provide additional detail and Ill conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by our Q&A. We are very pleased to report strong performance for both fourth quarter and full year. Among the financial highlights, organic revenue growth was 4.8% in the quarter, which brought our organic growth to 2.5% for the full year. Operating margin in the quarter was 19.6% and for the full year increased 120 basis points to 10.5%. As a result, operating profit increased 12% in Q4 and grew 20% for the full year. Fourth quarter earnings per share was $0.73 and was $0.57 adjusted for net tax benefit in the quarter. Full year earnings per share were $1.12 and were $0.98 as adjusted for discrete items that Frank will cover in detail. That represents an increase of 26% from comparable 2013 earnings of $0.78 per share. It's clear from these early positive results that are people outperformed the financial targets we set for 2014. Our colleagues can take pride in this accomplishment. We thank them and all the talent dedicated and for the great work that they do every day on behalf of our clients. Turning to more color on the fourth quarter, revenue growth was 4%, which consisted of a 4.8% organic increase and another 1.5% due to acquisitions, while currency was a negative 2.3%. We grew in all our major markets with the exception of Continental Europe. The U.S., China, India and Brazil were important markets in which we saw notable strong performance. U.S. organic growth was 3.4%, excluding a decrease in pass-through revenues that is offset with lower expenses U.S. organic growth was very strong at 5% in the quarter. Organic growth was 5.4% in the U.K. and double digits in Asia-PAC, LatAm and our other markets group. Continental Europe decreased 4.1% organically in the quarter. Our growth reflects contributions from all major disciplines, including advertising, public relations and media. We had especially strong performance from the digital services we have embedded across the portfolio. This strategy of nurturing native digital expertise and capabilities within all our units is something we've been working at for some time and which differentiates us from some of our peers. In terms of the specific agencies contributing to our Q4 performance, a wide range of the portfolio was represented. That list was led by McCann, FCB, Lowe and Partners, Mediabrands, HUGE, R/GA, Weber Shandwick, Golin, Octagon and FutureBrand. The top performing client sectors in Q4 were healthcare, food and beverage and retail. Another highlight of the quarter was that we continue to build in our new -- build on our new business record for the year. We were pleased to add important assignments from Sprint, Grupo Bimbo, Sherwin-Williams and Reckitt Benckiser among others. As a result, our net new business was positive in the quarter and for the full year. Turning to operating expenses and margin, underneath total revenue growth of 4% in the quarter, total operating expenses increased 2.1%, excluding last year's fourth quarter charge for restructuring. The result was Q4 operating margin expansion of 150 basis points. Full year operating margin was 10.5%, an increase of 120 basis points, reflecting leverage on both our base payroll and on O&G expenses. In Q4, we repurchased 7 million shares using $127 million. For the full year we utilized $275 million for the repurchase of 15 million shares and our average share count eligible for dilution decreased 4%, compared to 2013. This initiating our return of capital programs in 2011. We returned a total of $2 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchase. Over this period of time, we have reduced our outstanding shares by 25%. We are additionally pleased to announce this morning that the actions of the Board raising our quarterly dividend by 26% to $0.12 per share and authorizing an additional $300 million for share repurchase. With $144 million remaining on our existing authorization as of the year end, this brings us to a total of 444 million authorized share repurchase. In sum, the competitiveness of our agencies and a high quality of our offerings continue to drive strong performance. The accomplishments of our agencies and our talent are also being increasingly recognized and awarded by our industry. As we enter 2015, you can see in our report today that the overall tone of business remains solid in most markets around the world, including the U.S., the U.K. and several of the larger high-growth markets. The dynamic shifts we are witnessing in the media landscape also represent an opportunity for us and our industry. Given these factors and the strength of our offerings, we believe well continue to see solid organic growth. There are two key factors that temper our outlook compared to last year and therefore need to be called out. First is a volatile currency environment and its possible negative effect on client spending plans. Second, we have to consider those markets with continued macro headwinds, notably Europe. In light of this environment, for 2015, were targeting 3% to 4% organic growth. Our acquisitions to date should add another 50 basis points to our growth and the currency impact to our topline as well as to our operating expenses at current FX rates is expected to be approximately negative 4% for the year. In line with this growth target and in order to build on the strong progress we made during 2014 in improving profitability, our 2015 target is 80 to 100 basis points of operating margin expansion. As in the past as the year unfolds and we get more clarity around the macro issues that are creating uncertainty, we will review our perspective and report back to you during our regular calls. We will, of course, continue to focus on the execution of our strategy, which is built on world-class creativity and digital expertise, strength in emerging markets, and our increased focus on and success in delivering customized integrated solutions combined as always with discipline and costs. At this stage, I'll turn the things over to Frank for additional detail on our results.
Frank Mergenthaler: Good morning. As a reminder, Ill be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On slide two, you'll see our results. Fourth quarter organic growth was 4.8%, U.S. organic growth was 3.4% and International growth was 6.4%, with growth in all regions except Continental Europe. Q4 operating profit was $433 million compared with $385 million a year ago before last years structuring charge. Operating profit increased 20% for the full year. Full year operating margin was 10.5%, an improvement of 120 basis points from a year ago. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share was $0.73 and $0.50 per share, excluding certain discrete tax items. For the full year, diluted EPS was a $1.12 per share and $0.98 per share excluding both the positive $0.16 per share impact of the Q4 tax items and the negative $0.02 per share impact of our charge in the second quarter for the early redemption of our 6.25% notes. This is an increase of 26% from 2013 earnings per share of $0.78. We used 275 million of share repurchase during the year. Our board this morning once again significantly increased our common share dividend to $0.12 per share quarterly and added $300 million to our share repurchase authorization. Turning to slide three, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail on the slides that follow, as well as a couple of slides to clarify non-operating adjustments. Turning to revenue on slide four. Fourth quarter revenue was $2.21 billion, an increase of 4% compared to Q4 13. The impact of the change in exchange rates was a negative 230 basis points and that acquisitions added 150 basis points. Resulting organic revenue increase was 4.8%. With the U.S. dollar continue to strengthen against most currencies, it's worth pointing out that revenues and expenses of our businesses are variable matched in functional terms. For the full year, revenue growth of 5.8% consisted of 5.5% organic growth and 130 basis points from net acquisitions while currency was a negative 1%. It's worth noting that our pass-through revenue decreased approximately $30 million compared to 2013, which is offset by $30 million decrease in our O&G expense. As you can see on the bottom half of the slide, growth in the fourth quarter was mainly at our Integrated Agency Networks segment, which had 5.7% organic growth. The decrease in pass-through revenue weighed on reported growth at CMG, which grew 3.2% organically, excluding net effect led by public relations and high single-digit growth in sports marketing. On the right hand side of the slide, youll see that both segments had very good growth rates for the full year with 5.5% organic growth at IAN and 5.8% organic growth at CMG. Moving on to slide five, revenue by region. In the U.S., Q4 organic growth was 3.4% on top of 6.9% a year ago. Organic growth was approximately 5%, excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenues, which again are offset with lower expenses. We had strong domestic fourth-quarter performance in our three global integrated networks, McCann, FCB and Lowe as well as at HUGE and Mediabrands. Healthcare continue to be a leading client growth sector followed by food and beverage. For the full year, U.S. organic growth was 4.7% and 5.8% excluding the impact of pass-throughs with increases across all major disciplines in nearly all agencies. Leading client sectors were once again healthcare and food and beverage, as well as auto and transportation and financial services. Turning to the international markets, U.K. grew 5.4% organically in Q4 and 10.6% for the full year. We had contributions from all of our agencies. Total revenue growth in U.K. was 21%, which includes organic plus 5% from our acquisitions such as FCB Inferno and Profero and another 5% attributable to the strength of the pound during the year. In Continental Europe, the environment continue to be challenging. Our organic decrease in the quarter was 4.1% and included decreases in Germany, France and Italy. For the full year, revenue decreased 1.3% on an organic basis, slightly lower than the assumptions we factored into our planning as we enter 2014. Including our acquisitions, revenue in the region increased 1.2% of excluding currency. In Asia-Pac, our largest international region, organic revenue growth was 12.8% in Q4. That was driven by double-digit increase in Australia, India and Singapore, as well as strong results from China. Mediabrands public relations, McCann and R/GA led our growth and these same agencies led our 8% organic growth in the region for the full year. For the year, we had double-digit growth in Australia, China, Singapore and Korea with more modest increase in India.  In LatAm, we increased 11% organically in the quarter with double-digit growth in Brazil and Argentina. We had growth across all of our agencies, including our marketing services offerings, our digital specialists, McCann, FCB and our media business. Full year growth was strong at 10.8%, on top of 10% a year ago. In our other markets group, which is made up of Canada, the Middle East and Africa, organic growth was 11.7% in the quarter, driven by organic increase in the Middle East and South Africa. On slide six, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 5.5%, corresponding to calendar year 2014. Moving onto slide seven, our operating expenses, in the fourth quarter, total operating expenses increased 2.1%, compared to 4% revenue growth. For the full year, operating expenses increased 4.4%, compared to total revenue growth of 5.8%. Our ratio of salaries and related expenses to revenue for the full year was 64%, compared to 63.8% in the prior year. It's important to point out that the decrease in pass-through revenue, which is offset dollar-for-dollar and loan, O&G expense results in some deleveraging in SRS and some leveraging of our O&G while resulted in no impact to the operating profit. For the full year, our ratio of base payroll benefits and tax expense to revenue was 52.6%, compared with 52.9% in the year go, which has improved 30 basis points and improved 50 basis points excluding the change in pass-through revenue. Expense for temporary labor was 3.8% of revenue for the full year in 2014, compared to 3.6% a year ago. Severance expense was 0.9% of revenue in 2014, compared with 1.1% in the prior year. Incentive expense was 3.5% of revenue for the full year 2014, reflecting higher performance-based accruals compared to a year ago, due to this years strong performance. Our other salaries and related category was 3.2% of revenue, which is the same level as the prior year. At year-end, our total headcount was approximately 47,400, an increase of 4.4%, which is made up of 2% from acquisitions and 2.4% from organic hiring. The increases were in higher growth areas of the portfolio, which last year included McCann, public relations and digital, as well as growth regions of the world and in support of a number of major new business wins. Turning to office and general expenses on the lower half of the slide, O&G expense was 23% of Q4 revenue, compared with 25.3% in Q4 13. For the full year compared to our revenue growth of 5.8%, total O&G expense increased only 50 basis points. We had leverage across all of our O&G categories. For the full year, we have 40 basis points of leverage on occupancy expense, 20 basis points on telecom, office supplies and travel and 20 basis points on professional fees. In addition, we had 50 basis points of leverage in our category of all other O&G expense, as pass-through expenses decreased from a year ago along with the related revenues. These expenses are mainly in our events and direct marketing disciplines. On slide eight, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis. As the chart reflects with the most recent data point at 10.5%, we have come a long way. While pleased to achieve double-digit operating margin, we know there is still much work to be done. We therefore remain highly focused on attaining our goal of competitive 13% operating margins. Slide nine, for clarity, on our year end comparison, we have provided more detail on the level line adjustments in the quarter. This is the impact of our net tax benefit this year along with the impact of the charge we took in Q4 13. This year, we had a net reversal valuation allowances for deferred tax assets in Europe. The net amount was $68 million, which is a positive to reported earnings in the quarter and the year. There were two primary drivers, both of which were non-cash items. We reversed a previously established valuation allowance of $125 million due to our business tax planning actions. That benefit was partially offset by the establishment of the $57 million tax valuation allowance in other European market due to our operating history. The EPS benefit was $0.16 per share in the fourth quarter. Excluding these discrete items in the fourth quarter as you can see on the slide, our effective Q4 tax rate was 37.1% compared to 30.1% in Q4 13. Slide 10 addresses the full year comparison. This picks up the impact of our second quarter charge for debt redemption as well as Q4 items. As you can see, adjust for those items, our effective tax rate for the year was 39.4%, which is in line with our indications earlier this year. In 2013, the full year includes the charge for debt redemption. Our comparable 2013 adjusted tax rate was 36.2%. In sum, the adjusted EPS comparison was $0.98 per share this year and $0.78 per share in 2013. And while there was clearly volatility around our effective tax rate, it's worth noting that our cash tax rate was again significantly lower. These adjustments also makes clear the impact of our share repurchase with average diluted shares outstanding decreasing 4% from a year ago to $425 million. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on slide 11, we ended the year with $1.67 billion of cash and short-term workable securities, which compared with $1.64 billion a year ago. Weve returned more than $430 million to shareholders during the year through share repurchases and common stock dividends. On slide 12, we turn to cash flow. Cash from operations in Q4 was $1.05 billion, compared with $1.02 billion a year go. The comparison includes the seasonally strong contribution working capital. Our business tends to generate significant cash working capital in the fourth quarter and uses cash from working capital in the first quarter. For the full year, cash from operations was $670 million, compared with $593 million in 2013. Investing activities in Q4 used $59 million, mainly for capital expenditures. For the full year, CapEx was $149 million, while net cash used in acquisitions was $68 million. Our M&A pipeline continues to be strong. While timing can shift between periods, we continue to target $150 million to $200 million annually. Financing activities used $169 million in Q4, mainly $127 million for the purchase of our common stock and $39 million in common stock dividends. For the full year, our financing activities used $344 million. That reflects $275 million to repurchase common stock and $159 million for dividends and our common shares, as well as lower bank borrowings. Additionally, we issued new debt that was partially offset by debt redemption. In 2014, our net increase in cash and marketable securities for the full year was $25 million. On slide 13, we show our debt decreasing from $2.35 billion in 2007 to $1.73 billion at the end of 2014. In the second quarter of 2014, we issued $500 million of new 10-year notes at 4.2% and redeemed our 6.25%, $350 million notes. Slide 14 shows the total of our average basic plus diluted shares over the last few years. And in far right shows the total as of year-end 2014. This has been an area of strong progress for us, with our average total shares decreasing approximately 25% between 2010 and 2014. Our starting position for 2014 is $480 million on the right. In summary on slide 15, we are pleased with our performance in the quarter and the year. Our team has executed very well with respect to supporting strong revenue growth while maintaining expense discipline and our balance sheet continues to be a source of value creation, as evident in the key actions taken by our Board today. That leaves us well-positioned entering 2015. With that, I will turn it back to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. Well, as you can see from our results, 2014 was a very successful year, in which we saw significant accomplishments in terms of performance in the marketplace and our financial results. We further strengthened our capital structure and built on our capital return programs, while continuing to enhance the competitiveness of our offerings, with particular emphasis on digital and creative talent and capabilities. Importantly, we also expanded operating margin by 120 basis points. Highlights of our performance included solid progress at both McCann and FCB, further market share growth at our best-in-class PR and sports marketing agencies within CMG and strong financial performance from our media operations. We also continue to see dynamic growth from our digital specialist agencies and within the embedded digital capabilities across the portfolio. We posted strong performance in emerging international markets, particularly in Asia and Latin America on top of outstanding growth in recent years. The competitiveness of our agencies was reflected in a very strong new business performance for the year. I believe it's fair to say that the quality of our offerings is at its highest level in at least a decade. During 2014, this was evident in the recognition we've received across the portfolio in the form of awards from industry press as well as our performance in the most important creative and effectiveness competitions in every marketing discipline. We once again excelled in Cane, where McCann kept up its strong momentum. FCB posted its best ever performance and Lowe also showed well. We also performed strongly at FP award shows around the world. More recently, IPG agencies enjoyed the strongest showing of any holding company in the prestigious A-List by Advertising Age. R/GA was a number one ranked agency in 2014, and it became the first digital agency to ever top the A-List. Deutsch and Weber Shandwick were also named among the industry's top four agencies in terms of innovation, quality of work, and success with clients and new business. Huge and Mullen were sighted on the list of agencies standouts just outside the Top 10, as was Lowe India among international shops and Harris Diamond, the CEO of McCann was named Advertising Executive of the Year. Across the range of our agencies, were seeing good progress in terms of talent and the quality of work product. 2014 was a strong year for McCann, which saw a range of client wins, including additional fourth quarter assignments from Reckitt Benckiser, State Street Global Advisors and an integrated win on OppenheimerFunds led by MRM. This came on the heels of integrated McCann wins on Choice Hotels, also with MRM and Office Depot working closely with UM. FCB continues to improve performance, attract new talent, and grow and standing with clients such as Nestl, which awarded them new assignments from their waters and health and wellness divisions, as well as Bacardi in China. The recent Michelob Ultra win was evidence of increased vitality on their success. At Lowe, we are pleased with the integration of Profero and with fourth quarter wins of Rmy Martin and the CFA Institute to build on the additions of Lenovo and Fiat early in 2014. We continue to look for ways to bolster the agencies presence in the U.S. which is fundamental to sourcing large multi-national for the global network. The agencies capability as a creative powerhouse with expertise in emerging markets remained evident in a very strong relationship that continues to enjoy with new lever. Progress continued at CMG led by the outstanding team at Weber Shandwick. The evolution of that agency into a digital and strategic leader across all disciplined has been remarkable. Golin is filing a suite and the performance of Octagon reflects the shifts they are making to transform the passion points of sports and entertainment into powerful drivers of consumer engagement. The integration of Genuine, a leading digital shop, acquired at midyear to Jack Morton is going well and we should see the benefits of that agencys capabilities going forward. Mediabrands posted strong financial results in the quarter and continue to deliver on full range, leading-edge traditional and digital capabilities, such as Cadreon and Reprise and Ansible, as well as strong specialist assets such as ORION Holdings, ID Media, and Out-of-Home Rapport. Fourth quarter wins included true value at UM and bodes at Initiative. At a time of such dynamic change in terms of technology and media channels, the focus on the growth of programmatic platforms is understandable. Yet, we should not lose side effect that what we ultimately provide to marketers is a consultant service and insights. So the key will continue to be our impartiality and our ability to apply consumer data to our clients' real-time business challenges so as to maximize the impact of their investments. I covered off the success we are seeing in R/GA and MRM. Huge also had a very strong year and has established itself as one of the country's most innovative digital agencies. A full range of digital capabilities is also what sets apart Mullen and Deutsche, particularly in their LA office. With The Martin Agency and Hill Holliday, this gives us a strong portfolio of integrated agencies that are thriving and can win business on their own, as well as take part in our customized and multi-agency client solutions. This focus on delivering open architecture solutions that integrate the best of our talent across the organization by means of customized client teams was once again contributed to our results. We won the largest consolidation in the industry during 2014, when we prevailed in a hotly contested Microsoft review. We also want a consolidation with one of Latin America's most important companies when we invested a number of our key competitors in the Grupo Bimbo pitch in Mexico. We saw many additional multi-agency opportunities coming to the group, domestically and internationally and we continue to improve our delivery of custom integrated solutions on a number of existing multinational clients. Overall our performance in 2014 is a result of a series of long-term strategic decisions, which we back with significant investments over time. Talent acquisition and development, particularly in creative and strategic roles, as well as building digital expertise in all our agencies have been key drivers in the strong organic revenue performance were seeing across the group. We've also continued to invest behind our strength in the U.S. and the major emerging markets where we have strong and growing presence. During 2014, we saw further progress across a range of areas related to financial management of our company. First and foremost, significant improvements in profitability put us on track to achieving our goal of 13% operating margin. Our return of capital programs continue to positively impact results and we crossed the $2 billion threshold in terms of total return to shareholders since 2011. We remain fully committed to further improving margins and building on our robust capital return programs. The latter is evident by our Board's actions today, which further increase our dividend by 26% and provided for a current authorization in access of $440 million to share repurchase. We're well-positioned as we go into 2015. The value proposition of our portfolio of offerings is highly relevant in today's dynamic and complex consumer media landscape. Despite a range of geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions around the world, the general tone in the business remains solid. We are therefore targeting the 3% to 4% organic growth for the year and improvement in operating margin between 80 and 100 basis points. Coupled with strong capital returns, we are confident that achieving these targets will allow us to build on a strong track record of enhancing shareholder value. We thank you for your time and continued support and we look forward to updating you on our progress on the next call. At this point, Ill open it up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we do have our first question in queue from Alexia Quadrani from JPMC. Your line is now open.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. Just couple of questions, I guess, first with such impressive performance in 2014 would sounds like great contribution from just about all your major agencies. I guess, beyond more of the same, whats the incremental lever that will help you drive your margin targets for 15? I guess, what assumptions, perhaps for Continental Europe is sort of underlie that target you gave?
Michael Roth: Well, our assumption for Continental Europe continues to be -- were not expecting a big recovery in Continental Europe. The fact that we were down in 2014 was a little bit below our plan. With the uncertainty out there, its not wise for us to count on the big recovery there. So what we are refreshing our talent. Weve had made some changes in personnel in Continental Europe. We did some acquisitions certainly with Inferno and Profero and a couple of smaller acquisitions and we continue to look to bolster our competitiveness there. But were basically keeping eye in there without making any big bets in terms of a strong recovery in terms of our forecast for the rest of the year. Our leverage in terms of approving, our margin continues to be focusing on our people, our creative products, our competitive offerings and obviously, converting that revenue into 30% target that we already said. It was nice to see in 2014, we converted it the 30% ratio. So when you look at our assumptions in terms of 3% or 4%, thats how we come to the 80 to 100 basis point margin improvement for 2015. Were coming into the year 2015 with some tailwinds, because we were net new business positive in 2014 and of course, Alexia, I know you going to ask how we are doing so far. And for 2015 we continue to be net new business positive. In terms of those tailwinds, I think you'll see the effect of those more in the first half of the year and in the second half of the year we'll see some cycling down absent to any new businesses wins in the meantime. And so, I think, it's more focusing on our cost. Weve instituted the number of additional programs to make sure that our SRS ratios don't get out of line. I mean, clearly, that's where we see the biggest leverage. We did see an improvement in base benefit, as Frank outlined in his discussion. We did have -- so we had a good performance so therefore incentives were up a bit and that accounted for some of the higher number on SRS ratio. But we continue to be very careful in terms of how we add headcount and we're gaining efficiencies. We are -- for example, McCann, we have craft and were using production facilities with greater efficiency on a worldwide basis. These went to greater margins for us in bringing those dollars. We keep them in-house as oppose to going out and we see a lot of that happening in our other agencies as well.
Alexia Quadrani: And Michael, just a follow-up if I can. You have a lot of insight having gone through the budgeting process or at least large part of it for 2015 recently. I guess, any further color you can provide us in terms of what the client are saying in terms of spending outlook, in terms of maybe allocation of spending for 15, anything incrementally different than 14 and maybe just an overall budget?
Michael Roth: Our budgets from a bottoms up perspective. So we look at existing AOR contracts. As the year progresses and as our clients begin to feel more comfortable thats when we start seeing some incremental spend, which frankly helps us in terms of higher-margin business. The tone is solid. Is their concern? Of course there is. Were in a global business right now and there are affects of currency which affects -- potentially affects our business. That's why we tempered some of our assumptions going into 2015. It's not the translation affect on our P&L that be tempered because were match from a revenue and expense point of view. Its the tone of the affect of these currencies on our clients and theyre spending and how that potentially converts to our business. But the tone of the business is solid. Our clients are working with us in terms of our plans for the year. They're spending money. Some of the money is coming. I know one of the questions is always that how much of it is in TV versus digital. Were seeing a tremendous focus on allocating media dollars and where it should go and our offerings in media brands are toned into doing exactly that in the use of Cadreon and the use of our tools and planning techniques real-time. We continue to invest in those because clients want to know whether it should be digital, whether it should be TV, how it should be allocated and can they change it quickly. So we're working very closely with our clients and of course, programmatic and automation are part of that. So I think, the questions, whether it's digital versus TV, I think, weve seen certainly an impact on TV if you just look at the result of the media owners in 2014 and the challenges they face in 2015. And our job continues to be to help our clients navigate through that. So we have the tools. We have the talent. Our clients are talking to us. They're not pulling back per se. The issue is how much more they going to spend and the pressure is on us to be efficient and for us to be responsive in terms of moving the needle and thats what were here to do. So we feel good about our forecast and I think, it's a realistic assumption for us to use going into 2015.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Janedis from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Michael Roth: Hi, John.
John Janedis: Hi. Thank you. And maybe Michael, a bit of a follow-up to your comments earlier that you talked over the years about the O&G and the SRS line and I know there are a lot of puts and takes here. But is this the year where more of the margin leverage comes from the SRS line or should we start thinking about the expense buckets in the aggregate rather than the 60% SRS target that you have out there?
Michael Roth: Well, one of the reasons we called out the effect on O&G is because of CSAPR, financial organizations in all our units, our focusing on our debt or SRS ratios. Now, the good news is as we develop new business, we ramp up and that causes us to throw those ratios a little bit out of track. And frankly, that's not a bad thing to happen, okay. If were investing with new business, its not atypical for us. When we win a new business to have to ramp up and add 50 to 100 people in terms of staffing and that staffing usually comes ahead of revenue. So there is timing issues in there. But the fundamental basic benefits, if you will, and tax, we saw 50 basis points improvement in 2014 and for 15 we will have to continue to be very careful with that. And yes, the answer is ultimately we have to get those SRS numbers down and thats where our focus is going to be, John.
John Janedis: Okay. Thanks, Michael. Maybe just a follow-up on Europe to Alexias question, to what extent is there an opportunity to further reduce cost or consolidate agencies if the business doesnt pick up?
Michael Roth: We are always looking at that. We always look at double doors. I think, what they say is, the low-hanging fruit in terms of our expenses, we took that big charge and Im pleased to report as Frank indicated. We realized the benefits that we said we are going to have as a result of the restructuring charge that we took. And we monitor that all the time. In terms of consolidations, yeah, there are all possibilities for that. We are looking for efficiencies, but we have three global networks that are very competitive and on top of that our marketing disciplines in our media businesses and so on. And we are well positioned. So there is a recovery in Europe. I think we will participate. Some of our pull back in Europe again was client specific. 11% of our business is in Continental Europe, thats good and bad depending on how you look at it. And so as a result, if one or two clients pull back, it has a bigger impact on our results and we saw that in 2014, which frankly one of the reasons we missed a little bit in terms of our planning process. But we are well positioned, we continue to invest in Continental Europe in terms of talent and thats where we have to and we are looking for a good organic growth as the recovery comes back. But were monitoring it and we will be looking at efficiencies whether itd be combining agency -- not agencies but combining couple of goal situations we are also looking at that.
John Janedis: Thanks a lot.
Michael Roth: Thank you, John.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Bank of RBC Capital. Your line is now open.
David Bank: Okay. Thanks very much. Michael, in your kind of closing comments, you made some reference to the importance that you felt, kind of independence in the programmatic world that you're pursuing programmatic. But on an agency basis as opposed to a principal, how has that resonated with clients? Have you sort of gotten feedback with respect to the way you guys are handling that business as opposed to your peers. And how do you think about the way it impacts you on a relative basis now, from a markets perspective in terms of ad -- in terms of organic growth and end margin, right? How does it fit into where you kind of view yourselves in the landscape there? Thanks very much.
Michael Roth: Thanks David. Obviously, we could spend hours on this.
David Bank: And thats we have.
Michael Roth: Look we continue to believe that our model of agnostic advice, in terms of, where client should be putting their money, its the proper model, okay. I think there is no question that some of our competitors as you move to with take inventory position on your digital assets. And they are using right hand and left hand, and I think as these rolls out our clients are going to see the profits that are being made from inventory owned and we feel that thats inconsistent with our model of being independent, in terms of how we allocate media dollars on behalf of our clients. Now we think the clients tell us that they prefer model obviously, yes. If you look at our performance, we had a great performance in the Mediabrands and that whole model isnt lost on our clients. I mean the reason there are clients among other things is exactly that. That they view us as being their partner in terms of advising where they put their money, Ive said this before and I continue to say if as this rolls out, if in the marketplace, it is not viewed as we view it, then obviously we are going to re-look at how we do this. We do it on the part of Orion and the barter business where its disclosed upfront and were seeing very nice margins on it. But right now, our model is consistent and yes, I think larger multi-national clients, one of the reasons they bring some of this programmatic in-house is because they don't trust our business, not ours per se. Im saying speaking generically in terms of the transparency that goes into this pricing in this black box that theyre dealing with. And I think the fact that there is inventory owned being sold doesnt help. I know they can disclose it and I know they argue that they are buying more efficiently and so on. But in terms of pricing, we dont see that were being -- we dont do it and we are very competitive on the pricing side of the business. So, we believe our role is to be agnostic and we do think our clients choose us. And that's why we stick to this model. And frankly when I was the client, I would look at it the same way. I find it difficult to saying that the role that they calm, they put up and the large margins that some of them claim they are getting on that isnt at the cost of advice that I'm getting on the buying side. So thats my personal view on it. But we continue to look at it. Its a reasonable question. By the way, you are seeing the big ramp -- I might as well do this. Youre seeing a big ramp up in terms of the organic growth and potentially some margin on this. As you cycle through that, that advantage isnt going to be there on reported numbers, right. And I do think the margin on that business is going to shrink because clients are just going to want greater transparency on it and thats where the margin impact will come down so.
David Bank: On sort of average, do you think its a higher margin business when the core, kind of media buying business or is it, like on average, right, is it a higher margin business or not?
Michael Roth: I dont think so. I think some players -- again, its on a buyer by basis, right. But I think, frankly, if you look at one of our competitors who just recently announced, I think they were alluding to not as big margins on it as everyone thinks, whereas one of our other competitors, clearly they're making a lot of money on this, which sort of builds to the issues with the transparency. So, I would say on average, it is certainly margin accretive. But I think over time it becomes less.
David Bank: Thanks very much, guys.
Michael Roth: Thank you, David.
David Bank: Nice end to the year
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thanks.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Wieser from Pivotal Research. Sir, your line is now open.
Brian Wieser: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Can you talk about the  current state of client pricing pressures and more specifically, the degree to which you marketers are trying to get like-for-like services through lower prices and then you make it up by selling additional services? Or alternately, do you feel like there are situations where you have pricing power than free services.
Michael Roth: Its always. Yes, the clients want more for less. Think that as a given.
Brian Wieser: All right. Thats done.
Michael Roth: In 2014, it was true. It is going to be to be true in 2015. Yes, as we pick up clients and as we add more services, typically, the additional services carry with it a greater margin, thats the nature of our business. Which is why as you know Brian, when we pick up new clients, margins are new clients in the early years aren't quite where they are as they mature as we go forward and thats the business model. We bring in another service and we add value. But none of the services that we bring to the table are clients willing to pay extraordinary margins adds. So the burden is on us to show values add. So when we bring in the extra services, it's all with a view towards moving the needle and how we enhance their margin and frankly at the same time it helps us. I think that pressure is there. It will continue to be there. It will be on the media side just evidenced by, as you know in your write-ups that the big client reviews typically are occurring on the media side of the business because they continue to believe this pricing advantage is by putting that stuff up for bids and review. And its incumbent upon us to be able to buy appropriately, give advice, couple it with proper planning and be efficient in how we operate our own businesses and so thats never going way.
Brian Wieser: Thanks for that. And just maybe relatively, I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about -- little more about trends impacting working capital. It was negative for you guys since you are not over the course of the whole year, not pronounced or anything. But it was interesting that two of your other peers had negative working capital for the first time in five years. So, I was just wondering you may have a broader sense of whats been going on because it has been the positive contributor for you guys for last several years that it has been for some of the others. Do you get a sense that payment turns are getting tighter, or is there something else in an industry level thats been happening, just any thoughts on that?
Michael Roth: Ill let Frank add to it. It seems part of it has to do with the mix between media and traditional advertising and that affects our working capital. But Ill let frank talk about it.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yeah. The term question -- probably two years ago, there was more pressure than there is now. I think that kind of settled in because the industry kind of held the line. We are not a bank. And the key driver of working capital is around media primarily and where media billings are flowing. So, you can have flat revenue, but if you are seeing shifts out of certain markets where there is a working capital advantage that could adversely impact your working capital. There is nothing structural in our model thats changing.
Michael Roth: And its difficult that in the fourth quarter we see positive than we see the first quarter as you know, it flows out. So, I think we had a good year, I think it was a typical year for us in how it came in and went out. And as Frank said, it has to do with the mix between media and traditional.
Brian Wieser: Got it. Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Michael Roth: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Huber: Yeah. Hey. Good morning guys. A housekeeping question first, maybe I missed this. The currency -- what are you budgeting the currency impact of total revenues for the first quarter and for the full year thats my first question?
Michael Roth: For the full year, Brian, its 4% and we are not going to close the first quarter.
Craig Huber: 4% across the portfolio. Okay.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yeah. And thats using existing rates. Obviously, as that changes well have to adjust.
Craig Huber: Okay. And then my second question and I havent asked you this question quite a while. You will be well aware of this. In the first quarter every year for the last 10-plus years dating back before you guys were even at the company. You guys always lose money on the operating profit line and obviously on the EPS line, which obviously has a major drag in the full year operating profit margins for the company. And I'm just wondering, it seems like its a really good opportunity for you guys to get this improved this in the first quarter in particular. Im just wondering, is there much more you can do here on the cost front to make it more variable in the first quarter to enhance that margin dramatically and/or shift revenues in there -- or shift more revenues in there?
Frank Mergenthaler: Its not a cost issue, [Brian] [ph]. Its more of a seasonality of our revenue. Our folks are working on clients in the first quarter. Client contracts are being negotiated and resolved. Weve got just a natural deferral of certain revenues in the first quarter, thats our revenue recognition policy that we are not going to change.
Michael Roth: Yeah. And by the way, our staffing needs are not done. Our agencies when they come in with their budgets and their plans, they have a staffing requirement for the year. We tried to calendarize it obviously, but as Frank says, we cant control the revenue side of it in terms of win clients, because we are -- and its crazy for us to do abnormal things to be in line for audit, which is why we gave -- we talked in terms of full year. The quarter -- the quarterly variances in our business are very hard to predict. I can tell you this much. I dont know what quarter itll be, but therell be surprises quarter from quarter because thats the nature of that business, which is why we talk on a full year basis.
Frank Mergenthaler: And its 5000 clients in a 100 countries, Craig, so that to normalize that is very, very difficult.
Craig Huber: Yeah. Im just asking the question, because you always obviously talk of your goal of getting the 30% operating margin with Omnicoms level of margins and they generally run a 150 to 200 basis points lower in the first quarter than the full year operating margin. Obviously, your bet is much larger. So are you saying how you account for the revenue is significant different, thats why you end up having this loss in the first quarter? I am just trying to
Michael Roth: There is nothing structurally different in our business than Omnicoms right. So we are very comfortable that the 13% target is a reasonable target.
Frank Mergenthaler: And just let me restate, I think looking at our business on a quarter-to-quarter basis is a slippery slope, both on the positive side and the negative side. And I think 2014 was a good example for us. Frankly, historically, its always been that way. And the question for us going into 2015 is, what is the tone of our business? And as we say, its solid. Whats our focus? Our focus is on our competitive product, which is talent, creativity, digital, media, all the stuff and focusing on the cost side of the business. And we have our disciplines up and running and we look at it on a full year basis.
Craig Huber: So you are obviously trying to get your profits in the first quarter, the significant profit territory interest, the margin line overtime?
Frank Mergenthaler: Yeah, but obviously, its a good start of the year on a strong quarter. But again, were looking at it on full year basis.
Craig Huber: Right. Okay. Thank you, guys.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Craig.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Barry Lucas of Gabelli & Company. Your line is now open.
Frank Mergenthaler: Hi, Barry
Barry Lucas: Thanks. Good morning. Two quickies. Michael, you alluded to some possible client concerns, maybe holding back a little spend because of currency fluctuations. You have another positive dynamics on fuel prices, which certainly should help consumers in many places. So, is that a bigger tailwind potential and have you heard anything come out of clients with regard to that more favorable trend?
Michael Roth: Yeah. Its all anecdotal. I mean, intuitively, its a same as you would look at it. As gasoline prices fall, the consumer has more money in the pocket, discretionary spending in terms of consumer goods products and things like that. Have I seen a big change in their forecast as a result of that? No. But as everyone kind of used that as a bit of a buffer in terms of expectations on the economy, I would say the answer is, yes. And Barry, the concern we raised is of uncertainties. Its not that I can specifically point to a client and say because of currency, we are cutting our spend by10%. This is the beginning of the year. This business is just like I was talking before with Craig. This business is, it's a journey over the year. And all we can do is take our best shot right now in terms of bottoms-up and what we overlay in terms of potential wins and god forbid losses. But I think the tone is solid and thats the takeaway I think from this call. And some clients are little more concerned than others and that has to do with their geographic locations. So its a legitimate question I think. All of our competitors have raised it. And its more of a sense of making sure we are cautious before we put numbers out there, because we always want to make sure we at least meet or exceed the numbers we put out there.
Barry Lucas: Thanks. One more quickly on a different topic, but youve changed the makeup of the Board, a little bit of constitution of the Board and added a new finance committee. What do you expect to happen and how do you interact with the new board members and maybe provide a little color on that?
Michael Roth: Well, yeah, we -- as a governance matter, weve always looked at the Board. We have the tenure of our boards. And frankly, we had a process going on all along in terms of replacement of some of our Board members and what you see is a reflection of that. I think we've added -- I know we've added three very capable independent Board members. The finance committee, a lot of what the finance committee is doing is what the audit committee was doing. We always look at strategic plans, capital allocation and costs and how we target and so on. So the finance committee is a typical committee factoring in on the number of the Boards that I sit on have separate finance committee. So since our focus is on making sure we achieve our margins. The emphasis are focusing on that for the finance committee is going to be welcome and knowing our Board, because we usually view these things as a full Board. I will suspect the attendance that our finance committee will probably be made of entire Board. So, I think, well, does it show our continued emphasis on getting to those margins that we put out there.
Barry Lucas: Great. Thanks very much for the commentary, Michael.
Michael Roth: Okay. Thank you, Barry.
Operator: And thank you. That was our last question. I would like to turn it back to our host for closing remarks.
Michael Roth: Well, I thank you all, obviously, we are very pleased with 2014, but now we are off to 2015. So I look forward to our next call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This now conclude today's conference. All parties may disconnect at this time. Speakers may hold for post conference.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerry Leshne - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Michael Roth - Chief Executive Officer Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan John Janedis - Jefferies David Bank - RBC Capital Brian Wieser - Pivotal Research Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Bill Bird - FBR Barry Lucas - Gabelli & Company Dan Salmon - BMO Capital James Dix - Wedbush Securities Tim Nollen - Macquarie
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Interpublic Group Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. (Operator Instructions) This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce, Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and well refer to both in the course of this call. This morning we are joined by Michael Roth; and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A and plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to uncertainties and the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation, and further details in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful, supplemental data, that while not a substitute for GAAP measure, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry. And thank you for joining us this morning as we review our results for the third quarter and nine months year-to-date. As usual, Ill start out by covering the highlights of our performance and Frank, will then provide additional detail and Ill conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by a Q&A. We are pleased to report a strong quarter and nine months. Our revenue growth in the third quarter was 8.3%, driven by 6.3% organic growth and 1.7% from acquisitions, with an additional 30 basis points in currency. Operating margin expanded 100 basis points to 9.3% and operating profit increased 21%. Q3 earnings per share were up 24% to $0.21 per share from last year's adjusted EPS. For the year-to-date organic growth was 5.9%, operating margin was expanded by 120 basis points and an operating profit has increased 30%. Our people can take pride in this performance and we thank them for their efforts and dedication. Turning to more color on the third quarter revenue, our growth in U.S. was 8.7%, driven by 7.9% organic increase. This strong performance reflects contributions from all of our major disciplines, including advertising, marketing services and media. We had especially notable growth from our digital services across the portfolio. Among our agencies, McCann, FCB, Mediabrands, Huge and our marketing service specialists in CMG all grew at high levels in the U.S. Top client sectors helping to drive domestic growth were healthcare, food and beverage and auto and transportation. International growth continued to be solid, with 4.2% organic increase in Q3. We grew in all major regions with the exception of Continental Europe. Organic growth was 12.2% in the U.K., 8.2% in LatAm, 2.7% in AsiaPac and 1.7% in our group of other markets. Continental Europe decreased 1.3% organically. International growth was strong at Lowe and Partners within digital services at R/GA and in marketing services at Weber Shandwick and Octagon sports marketing. Another highlight of the quarter was that we continue to build on our new business record for the year. We were pleased to add important assignments from Pizza Hut, Cisco, Ulta, Office Depot and Choice Hotels. As a result, our net new business year-to-date remains positive. Turning to operating expenses and margin in the quarter, underneath revenue growth of 8.3%, total operating expenses increased 7.1%. We had leverage from a year ago on base payroll in on our office and general expenses. Within our salaries and related expenses, a strong performance led to higher accruals for employee incentives and performance bonuses compared to Q3 last year. In Q3, we repurchased 3 million shares for $51 million. Over the trailing 12 months, we utilized $349 million for repurchases and $152 million for shareholder dividends. This means that since initiating our return of capital programs in 2011, we've returned a total of $1.8 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchase. As of September 30, $271 million remains on our current share repurchase authorization. In sum, we are encouraged that performance in the quarter and the nine months is consistent with the competitors of our agencies and the high quality of our offerings. While we are mindful of macro-developments around the world, the overall tone of business remains solid. With the strong nine months, we are confident of our positioning to exceed 4% organic growth for the year and to increase operating margin by at least 100 basis points for the full year. I'll discuss this further in my closing remarks. We continue to focus on the execution of our strategy, which is built on creativity, native digital expertise, emerging markets, integration of services, combined with our discipline on costs. I'll have more to say about our competitive positioning, as well as provide an update on our agencies in my concluding remarks. At this stage, I'll turn things over to Frank for additional detail on our results.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael. Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On slide two, you'll see an overview of results, number of which Michael touched on, but are worth repeating. Organic growth was 6.3% in the third quarter, with total revenue up 8.3%. U.S. organic growth was 7.9% and international growth was 4.2%. Operating profit was $171 million, compared with $142 million a year ago, which is increase of 21%. For the first nine months, operating profit grew 30%. Q3 margin was 9.3%, improvement of 100 basis points from a year ago. Diluted earnings per share were $0.21, compared with $0.17 a year ago. The comparison excludes the charge for early redemption of debt in Q3 2013. Turning to slide three, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. Ill cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Here its worth noting that our Q3 effective tax rate was 41.3%, compared to 36.9% last year, which benefit from a discrete item in the period. We still expect our normalized rate for the full year will be in the range of 39%. Turning to revenue on slide four, revenue was $1.84 billion in the quarter, an increase of 8.3%. Compared to Q3 2013, the impact of a change in exchange rates was a positive 30 basis points, while net acquisitions added 170 basis points. The organic revenue increase was 6.3%. As you can see on the bottom half of this slide, both of our reported segments had very good growth rates in the quarter. At our integrated agency networks, the organic increase was 5.5% led by our three global integrated networks, as well as Mediabrands, R/GA and Huge. At CMG, organic growth was 9.9%, which reflects continued outstanding performance at our PR agencies, Jack Morton events and Octagon sports marketing. Moving on to slide five, revenue by region. In the U.S., Q3 organic growth was 7.9%. Our top client sectors were healthcare, food and beverage and auto and we had strong growth across all our major disciplines. Turning to international markets, we had strong U.K. performance of 12.2% organic growth with contributions from all of our agencies. It's worth noting that total growth in U.K. was 27%, which includes the 12% organic and another 6% from acquisitions in the region, notably, FCB Inferno and Profero and about 9% was attributable to stronger pound sterling. Continental Europe decreased 1.3% organically. Germany and Italy decreased while France was flat and Spain grew solidly. In Asia Pac, our largest international region, Q3 organic growth was 2.7%. Excluding the quarterly volatility of our events business, organic growth was approximately 4%, which is on top of 11.3% growth in Q3 2013. For the nine months, regional organic growth was 5.9%. Of note, we were led by growth this year in China, Australia and Singapore while we saw decreases in Japan and India. In LatAm, organic growth was 8.2%, which on top of 8% year ago. We had growth across most agencies and were led by increases in Brazil and Argentina. In our other markets group, which is made up of Canada, the Middle East and Africa, organic growth was 1.7%, driven by organic increases in the Middle East and Canada. On slide six, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 5.2%. Moving to slide seven, operating expenses. Third quarter operating margin grew 100 basis points to 9.3%. Our ratio of salaries and related expenses to revenue in Q3 was 64.9% this year, compared with 64.3% a year ago with incentive and bonus accruals higher this year, due to performance. Through the nine months, our SRS ratio improved 20 basis points. Our expense for base salaries, benefits and tax as percent of revenue in Q3 improved to 53.8% compared to 54.6% a year ago. The BBT ratios improved by 50 basis points for the year-to-date period. Expense for temporary labor in Q3 was 3.9% of revenue, compared with 3.8% a year ago. Severance expense was 60 basis points of revenue, compared with 120 basis points in Q3 2013. Incentives were 3.5% of revenue in Q3 and other salaries and related expense were 3.1% of revenue with both items reflecting higher performance-based accruals compared to year ago. Total headcount at quarter end was approximately 47,200. Our average headcount in the quarter was up 4% from year ago, which consisted of 2.3% organic increase and 1.7% due to acquisitions. The increases were higher in the growth areas of the portfolio such as digital, media and PR, as well as in growth regions of the world that support new business wins. Turning to office and general expenses on the lower half of the slide. The year-on-year organic increase in O&G expense was only 40 basis points and O&G expenses were 25.8% of Q3 revenue, an improvement of 160 basis points from a year ago. Within our O&G categories, compared to last year, we had 50 basis points of operating leverage and occupancy expense, 20 basis points on telecom, office supplies and travel, and 10 basis points in professional fees. In addition, our category of all other expenses decreased by 80 basis points of revenue as pass-through expenses related to revenue decreased from year ago. These expenses are mainly due -- are mainly in our events business and marketing disciplines. On slide eight, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 9.9% which excludes the restructuring expense in Q4 2013. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on slide nine, we ended the quarter with approximately $902 million in cash in short-term marketable securities, which compares to $1 billion a year ago. We have returned approximately $500 million to shareholders over the last 12 months in share repurchases and common stock dividends. On slide 10, we turned to our third quarter cash flow. Cash provided by operations was $176 million compared with $161 million a year ago. Within that, working capital was a use of $11 million this year compared with a source of $38 million in Q3 13. Investing activities used $42 million in the three months, primarily for CapEx. Financing activities used $86 million mainly in capital return to shareholders. $50 million -- $51 million for share repurchases and our common stock dividend was $40 million. Our net increase in cash and marketable securities for the quarter was $1 million. That compares with use of $614 million year ago, which included $630 million for the redemption of our 10% debt. On slide seven (sic) [11], we showed debt deleveraging from our peak of $2.35 billion in 2007 to $1.76 billion at the most recent quarter end. You will recall that in Q2 this year, we issued $500 million of new 10 year notes at 4.2% and redeemed our 6.25%, 350 million notes. In summary, on slide 12 we are pleased with our revenue growth and profit performance in the quarter. And with a strong 9 months, we are on track relative to our financial objectives of the year. With that, let me turn it back to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. Well, you can see from our results that in the dynamic consumer and media landscape, the value proposition of our agencies remains highly relevant to our clients. The strength of our agency brands and the quality of the work we're doing across all marketing disciplines continue to drive very solid growth. Our performance is a result of the series of long-term strategic decisions, which we back with significant investment over time. As we've shared with you in the past, our focus has primarily been in upgrading and developing talent in senior leadership, strategic and creative roles and building digital capabilities into all of our agency as well as in investing in our largest and fastest-growing markets. These priorities are common denominator in the strong performance were sharing with you today. We're seeing the benefit of successful transitions of senior agency leadership, stronger and more effective creative ideas and our ability to leverage that creativity in an increasingly digital and data driven world. For some time, the emphasis in our approach to digital has been embed talent and expertise within our agency brands in preference to digital silos. This results in campaigns and client solutions that are fully integrated and multichannel from the start whether they're coming out of our PR agencies, our experiential and shopper marketing agencies, the global advertising networks or U.S. independents or from our media specialists. Separately, as a result of sustained and targeted investment, we also have within our portfolio, a number of the top digital brands in the industry. These include R/GA, HUGE, MRM and McCann, cadreon within Mediabrands and Profero at Lowe. Each of these companies has been an important contributor to our growth this year. Weve also continued to invest in high-growth global markets. We have exceptional agencies and strong competitive position in countries such as Brazil, India and the MENA region and we supplemented through M&A. In other markets such as China, we've invested organically into top level talent and successfully exported capabilities such as digital, PR and healthcare marketing. The result is that over the last five years, our revenue has grown approximately 75% in India and China, and over 80% in the LatAm market. An additional focus in our strategic development has been our deployment of an open architecture model that calls upon the best talent through IPG agencies to deliver tailor-made solutions that meet the needs of our clients. This type of approach has been taking on greater importance to global clients. Our customized brand of integration is differentiating us in the marketplace and we prevailed in a number of the industry's most competitive consolidations in recent years, which has made a notable contribution to our growth. Looking more closely at agency performance during the third quarter, it beards noting that McCann Worldgroups saw continued growth with core global clients and additional success on the new business front. Recent wins include significant assignments from Office Depot, which was pitched in collaboration with UM as well as Choice Hotels. Outside of the U.S., McCann was awarded Coke in China and the noted telecom brand EE in the U.K. McCanns increased creative standing was once again recognized earlier this month at the prestigious Drum Awards, where McCann was awarded Agency Network of the Year for the second consecutive year. FCB continues to make progress in this transformation. During the quarter, the agency finalized upgrades in key markets namely, New York, London and Shanghai. We saw important wins out of Chicago and New York with Nestl and the agency overall is showing growth, led by areas of deep expertise such as best-in-class offerings in healthcare and shopper marketing. At Lowe, we are seeing a welcome development as the agencys roster of multinational clients has added both Cadillac and Fiat during the past year. Lowe also won a global assignment from Lenovo and heading into 2015, the agency will build out its New York presence to support Cadillac. The integration of Profero as a native digital capability has been well-received by pitch consultants and in the third quarter has already resulted in new business. Media Brands, we continued to deliver fully competitive traditional media buying to major clients, as well as contemporary services in areas such as automated programmatic ad buying, data and analytics. During the quarter, UM won Office Depots media assignment in the joint pitch with McCann. More recently, UM announced a significant two-year deal with Facebook to provide our clients advantage access to data, insights inside and ad targeting opportunities. Media Brands publishing was named the socially award for Chrysler and we delivered community management across eight Chrysler group brands globally. Orion also continued to be a strong performer within the group. In the third quarter, we saw good growth across our portfolio of digital specialists. MRM//McCann was named the Agency-of-Record for Cisco. R/GA continued to grow internationally. HUGE also continued its strong growth with advances in several client sectors including financial services, auto and technology. We highlighted earlier that our marketing services specialist and CMG grew 10% in the quarter and 8% for nine months, led by public relations, events and sports marketing. Social media and content creation have been major drivers of growth at our public relations agencies. And Weber Shandwick has originally built what could well be the largest social media agency in the U.S. Golin is following soon and we recently acquired Genuine, a strong digital agency that will power Jack Morton's digital development. Continuing to enhance this type of leading-edge offerings across CMG remains a priority, which we believe will be a key driver of growth that is very dynamic unit within our portfolio. Our U.S. independent agencies continued to be an area of strength for Interpublic. And during the third quarter, we saw Deutsch LA win the Pizza Hut account, Mullen win Ulta Beauty. And The Martin Agency, which works closely with FCB around the world as part of our open architecture team from Mondelez was named AOR for Ritz Crackers. Strategically, we remain well positioned to succeed in an increasingly fragmented data-rich consumer driven marketing landscape. We made good investments in talent, growing our digital capability and used targeted M&A to build our presence in high-growth regions. The benefits of our strategic approach to M&A with digital and high-growth markets is key areas of focus, were evident in the 170 basis points of growth that recent acquisitions contributed to growth in the quarter. Our strong U.S. operations are a further source of stability during volatile times. And the levels of industry recognition weve received in recent years in all marketing disciplines are unprecedented in the history of IPG and speak to the quality of our offerings. In some, the tone of business continues to be solid and our agencies are competing effectively around the world. We are pleased with strong performance on both the top and bottom line through the first nine months of 2014, which puts us solidly on track to achieve or exceed our targets for the full year. We remain committed to the capital return programs that seen us put $1.8 billion to work on behalf of our owners. With our largest quarter ahead and increased macro uncertainty, particularly in Europe, we will remain focused on ensuring we meet or exceed our targets for the year and put ourselves into position to build on a positive momentum as we head into 2015. Thereby, allowing us to continue to deliver increased shareholder value. I thank you and now open up the floor to questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani from J.P. Morgan. You may ask your question.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: Hi. Thank you. You guys continued to see very impressive revenue trends all year with particularly good numbers this quarter. I guess, so my question is and there is lots of piece of your businesses that are doing well, which you gave us a great detail on the call. But if you were thinking about what was the biggest delta, I guess what really change, what has changed this topline trend that from previous year? Is it really the new business becoming more of a tailwind versus the headwind or you are also seeing healthier budgets, I guess any color on that would be great?
Michael Roth: Yeah. Well, one of the biggest drivers for us is the U.S. Lets not forget, 57% of our business accounts from U.S. and the strength of the U.S. market is evidenced by our growth in U.S. We've always said that the strength of our offerings in our existing global clients, as well as our existing U.S. clients and domestic clients abroad is the strength of IPG. Weve always mentioned the best thing we can do was sort of closed the backdoor and make sure we focus on our existing client base and weve seen that occurring over the last year or so. And that's a big contributor to our results. It doesnt hurt of course to be winning and being new business positive and that's what we are going to see lead to the growth in the out years. In the current year, we are not seeing a significant amount of the new business wins pick up in our results for this year. But we will see them in the future year, Alexia.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: I guess, to that point if I could have a one follow-up, given your very strong recent new business performance, is there any further color you can give us in terms of what kind of tailwind or lift we should expect in the next couple quarters?
Michael Roth: I was waiting for that, Alexia. Look, right now, its too soon for us to talk about next year for sure. Right now, we are focusing on closing the year very strongly. We do have some client losses that we are going to be rolling through and cycling through in the fourth quarter. We have new business wins that offset that in the fourth quarter and we hope to hit 2015 with those kind of losses impact behind us. So the fourth quarter, we will continue to see some drain from some of those client losses, offset in part by the net new business wins.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Janedis with Jefferies. You may ask your question.
John Janedis - Jefferies: Hi. Thank you. Frank, your bogie on the SRS line has been in the 60% range. Is that level you're still comfortable with as you think about your positioning in investments to remain competitive in the market?
Frank Mergenthaler: It is John. I mean, you look at this quarter, we saw 70 basis points of leverage when you look at just base benefit tax and temporary help, which are folks day-to-day doing the work. We do have an increase in the incentive accrual this quarter, but that's just because of our performance through nine months and how we feel for the year. But to close the gap from kind of where we are to where we want to go to, 60% I think is still reasonable target.
Michael Roth: John, when you at specific agencies, we have a number of agencies that are below that, okay. So it's not a goal that is impossible to achieve. A lot goes into those numbers in terms of onboarding new business wins and so on. But it's certainly the line in the sand that we draw, because lets face it, we have a variable cost model and our significant costs are reflected in that number. So we see enhanced operating margin by getting that in line.
John Janedis - Jefferies: Okay. Thanks. And just separately, obviously programmatic has been a big topic of conversation. Can you remind us how large it is for you and to what extent grossing up. Why does it not contribute to your reported growth?
Michael Roth: Well, thats a great question, kind of relevant whats going on in the world today. We dont like to give out numbers in programmatic versus automation. We think its all part of the technology that's being brought to the way we buy media. If you want to use a number on a global basis, lets use something like 7% in terms of programmatic and its higher in the U.S. So roughly around 10%. But the more important issue is the one you raised and that is how do we deal with that in terms of meeting the needs of our clients? Youve heard us say this before, were agnostic in terms of how we deal with the fragment media that is out there. What that means is we have to be independent in terms of advising our clients where they place their media dollars. We believe that is inconsistent with being agnostic to take an equity position in the offerings that we provide. So what you see in our organic numbers is the pure organic number. We are not fronting if you will media owned and then take it out on the bottom in terms of expenses. So our organic number is not grossed up as some of our competitors have in terms of the media position. Now obviously this is an area of growth that our competitors are showing on the revenue side. We continually look at the marketplace to see whether our model is the best model and how it's being received by our client. We continue to believe that one of the issues of programmatic buying is this whole issue of distrust by the clients, because they don't really understand what's going into this black box if you will, and youre seeing a number of clients take it in-house. Our approach to dealing with our clients is making sure that they understand whats in there and we are consistent with our model of being agnostic. If the clients on a longer-term basis don't think to think that that makes a difference, obviously we will relook at our model. But right now, our programmatic buying is growing. We are making margins on it. Our clients are pleased with what we're delivering in terms of our targeted marketing in dollars, spending dollars to focus on what the client needs are, and we don't believe we have to own equity in the offerings that were giving. Now of course on ORION, which is our barter business, we do take an equity position, but thats understood in terms of when we use ORION in the marketplace. So we're very pleased with the growth in programmatic. And frankly right now, we think it's an advantage because clients will look at us as being really agnostic in terms of the way we approach it. And we will see how the -- this is still a new market where we're learning a lot about it. Our goal is to be as we said 50% automated. That's not just programmatic. Its the entire way we approach buying media. And what we've been doing at Cadreon, at Mediabrands is setting the stage in terms of how this should be done, but this is still relatively new and we will move into marketplace as it develops.
John Janedis - Jefferies: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Bank with RBC Capital. You may ask your question.
David Bank - RBC Capital: Okay. Thanks, guys. As you came out of last year, it looks to me like with almost the ideal operating structure to match the revenue environment, particularly the tweaks you made around Europe and knock what you appear on track to have generated some pretty tremendous economies of scale on the margin side. So if you kind of look to next year and the incremental costs and then I think everybody in the marketing business seems to have around the marketing environment. How do you start thinking about that operating structure heading into next year? Do you think the environment still kind of matches the structure you have? Or when do you think about how youre going to have to start tweaking it if you have to or you still confident that you know this environment matches the operating structure you have? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Thanks, David. Look the wildcard here for us is Continental Europe, all right. Last year we took a $60 million hit in terms of repositioning to match our cost with our revenue. What I am pleased to say is that weve seen the benefit now flow through to with respect to that repositioning. But as you see what were negative 1.3% in Continental Europe in the quarter. What we stated before, for the year our business plans call for either being plus or minus 1% for Continent Europe. It represents 10% of our business. So therefore right now, we think the repositioning that we had taken in 2013 and the flow through that we're seeing is correct, but we have to continue to monitor that. If we see Germany going into a recession, if we see the entire Continent Europe not recovering or showing any signs of recovery, thats an area that we will constantly watch in terms of getting our cost in line with our revenue. But as far as the rest of the world, I think we are very well-positioned in terms of our offerings, and that's why we all have some caution with respect to whats happening. That's going on.
David Bank - RBC Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Wieser with Pivotal Research. You may ask your question.
Brian Wieser - Pivotal Research: Hi, thanks for taking the question. So I agree the gentlemen of marketers and industry level seems to be pretty mistrustful these days. Is the only issue that you see out there, the matter of the opaqueness in digital media trading and rebates and that sort of thing or -- and this is not for you specifically, but I mean at an industry level or do you see other factors? And maybe relatively, I am curious about conversations you might have had with clients who consider moving elements like programmatic trading in-house. What do you hear are motivations when they start looking at it? And since most of them ultimately do stay with agencies, what do you hear goes into decisioning -- decision making we make to keep accounts within one of the agencies?
Michael Roth: Well, the game here is to be more efficient than what youre doing. Yes, there is an element of distrust, because whenever something is new and people and clients dont see exactly where their media dollars -- by the way the reference I made to 7% was with respect to our media spend, not total revenue of Mediabrands, okay. I thought that was clear, but I guess maybe someone had a question on it. But the issue here is clients being comfortable to maximize their efficiencies and how they do this. And theyve kind of view this as a new area and theyre going to experiment to see if this works. This takes a lot of talent. This takes a lot of investment over a period of time. And frankly, we have not seen a huge amount of our media clients rushing to take this in-house. So, I think, were going to have to watch this very carefully. But if were doing our job right in terms of delivering on an efficient basis and delivering the returns and what the clients are looking for to our trading then there shouldnt be any need for client to take it internally. But, again, where -- this is only a small part of what we do. Its an important part, but it ties into everything that we do and we work with our clients as it develops. But this issue of distress starts, I think, with this issue of, are we selling something that we have a proprietary interest in. And I know the argument is made, weve -- I talked to clients on it and some clients believe that as long as there is a role up there and they are getting what theyre paying for in terms of response then they are comfortable with it. Other clients seem that there is something inherently wrong with that. So its evolving and were going to see. This is not new to our industry. We -- there are times when weve seen clients take their entire marketing department in-house, right, because they feel they could be more efficient and more relevant to what theyre doing. And frankly, overtime weve seen that not work very well, because the talent levels and the expertise and the investment in the technology that were making, companies themselves, its not a good investment for them, if they can use our services on an efficient basis. So, I think, some clients are going to do it and its a fact and well deal with it.
Brian Wieser - Pivotal Research: Great. Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Yeah.
Operator: Thanks. Your next question comes from Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities. You may ask your question.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities: Good morning. A couple of for Frank. Getting back to SRS, the incentive lines, the severance lines, temporary help lines can bounce around a bit and we can see deleverage on incentive when things are going well, et cetera? Could you help us think about BBT where that might go? Where that could go? As you guys march toward your longer term target? And then secondly, Frank, any impact from FX on margins at all in the quarter or for the year? Thanks very much.
Frank Mergenthaler: First on the FX, Peter was roughly 10 basis points smaller on margin. With respect to -- Im not going to give a specific number for BBT and temp, but we kind of look at them together and thats our workforce doing the work, right. So for us to get to our objectives, we had to continue see leverage there. In the third quarter, we have 70 basis points leverage with those two components combined, for the nine months 50 basis points. So we focus very closely on seeing leverage and to Michael's point earlier, we have a portfolio of assets. So when we meet with our agencies both in the planning process and the review process each quarter, the key metric we focus on is BBT and temp labor versus growth. And some agencies are very efficient at it, some arent and some of that has do a timing of on-boarding of new clients, growth in the existing clients, but that's the key metric from our perspective. We focus on to continue to make margin progression.
Michael Roth: One a little color on that is, we're seeing a lot of competition in terms of particularly digital talent out there. When were competing with the Facebooks and the Googles, and particularly our digital agencies are challenged in terms of recruiting and retaining a top talent. So we do see some creep if you will in those areas. And but the other side of it, the talent that were bringing in has very special talents that are more efficient than what they're doing and were still going through a transition of our people throughout organization for people who are expert in the current environment, particularly in the digital side. So we are seeing a bit of that. Its not something we don't deal with in terms of our pricing and so on. But some of that comes into that and it takes us a while to level off in terms of matching those expenses with the revenue. But that's the way the marketplace is right now and it's a goal that we think we can achieve and we just have to be diligent and before we on-board talent that we have them associated with revenue. And thats -- if you want to look at one of the biggest changes in our company is being the discipline that weve instilled in our agencies when we add talent to have it revenue facing and ascribe that whenever talent is being added and we have a process to make sure that that happens.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks very much guys.
Michael Roth: Youre welcome, Peter.
Operator: Thanks. Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good morning. I had two for Frank. In the first half of the year you guys talked about net tailwinds of 100 to 200 basis points helping revenue. I know the back half that was suppose to moderate and the comps got tougher and obviously, put up the big number this quarter? I just wanted to check the Q3. Frank, I dont know if you would describe it as immaterial but any sort of sizing for the net impact of those things in the third quarter?
Frank Mergenthaler: Look for Q3, Id say, Ben, it was relatively de minimis, Q4 its actually slight headwinds.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Okay. That makes sense. And then on the cost line, as we think about the fourth quarter and these ties into some of the questions you had this morning on incentive comp and other salary line? I think last year in the fourth quarter when the year ended up solid, maybe more solid than you thought and you ended up accruing a decent amount of comp, both in incentive and in other SRS in the fourth quarter. So is it -- would it be appropriate for us to believe that it's been a smoother amortization this year as the year has been sort of strong since day one and so we don't have that same risk in the fourth quarter versus last year?
Frank Mergenthaler: Yeah. I think that make sense. Remember, last year in the third quarter, our third quarter was relatively soft. The European issues continue to magnify. Were very concerned and I think, it was in our comments in the third quarter. We could do the year but we need a strong fourth quarter and Europes got it flatten out a bit, that didn't happen. So it was choppier. But we had other parts of the business that did well. And the interesting thing is you remember our incentives are both top-down and bottoms-up. So we have number of agencies last year that did very well and some agencies and some markets underperformed. But right now, we've been pretty consistent through three quarters. So I do think it's probably a smoother amortization of incentives through nine months.
Michael Roth: Yeah. And the other part of it, the way we structure our incentive comp is performance based. So thats the variable in terms of our incentive comp. And that is if performance is above budget if you will then we see a catch up where it is. If its below whether itd be by agency or through corporate, we see less of a -- so it all ties together. Its in fact that we are variable cost model and thats the way we manage our business.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thats very helpful. And lastly just on the revenue strength. Michael, you called out a lot of different agencies and disciplines. And I just wanted to check, Omnicom really called out U.S media in particular yesterday driving their business, including obviously, the impact of programmatic. Fair to say that your strength is maybe more diversified across disciplines and agencies or has -- was U.S. media also a big driver of the top line this quarter?
Michael Roth: Well, U.S. media is obviously a big component, both in our revenue as well as in our profit margins. I don't know what goes into Omnicoms number. You do call out the programmatic and they made a point of it in their conference call. Our business is solid across the board and thats comforting. Media obviously, with all the innovations that are going on out there. This is a confusing world and clients need direction and help and particularly on the media side and thats where with the value added by UM, Initiative, and all of Mediabrands, thats what they do. They are supposed to take our clients money and make it work on an efficient and effective way. And so it's appropriate that we see growth in margin in those businesses because theyre adding value. But the rest of our business is particularly with the digital and the marketing services. I think that's one of the strength. When you compare us to our competitors, I think the diversity of our offerings, particularly in the marketing services, the PR and various other marketing services businesses that we have. We are doing a great job and its showing in our top line in their margin expansion.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks, Roth.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Bird with FBR. You may ask your question.
Bill Bird - FBR: Good morning. Could you talk a little bit about some of your lumpier project base business? And how your pipeline looks for those in Q4, and then separately could you touch on your new business pipeline and also any account review that might be out there? Thank you.
Michael Roth:  Yeah. Im always -- I always like to answer that question because I tell you right now we dont have any major clients in review right now. Ill get out of this call and Ill go and get a call on it but the right now the pipeline is solid. Our project based business is being strong throughout the year. Fourth quarter is always something that we sort of hang on and wait and see. But I think there is no reason to think that the business tone wont continue to be solid. But thats what we have. A good part of our business comes in, in the fourth quarter which is why many of youve going to ask why dont you up you guidance in terms of your margin and so on so. And in terms of current pitches out there, I think the ones you are seeing in the trades are the ones that are there. We are participating in most of those.
Bill Bird - FBR: Thank you.
Michael Roth:  Welcome.
Operator:  Thank you. Next question comes from Barry Lucas with Gabelli & Company. You may ask your question.
Barry Lucas - Gabelli & Company: Thanks very much and good morning.
Michael Roth: Hi Barry.
Barry Lucas - Gabelli & Company: Michael, could we come back to the U.S. in this sense. I mean you and Omnicom have put some, very, very strong organic growth numbers in Q3? Well ahead of -- well ahead of GDP and inflation if we used that as kind of the bogie. So -- and it doesnt feel like client budgets are expanding that much. So who is losing out there and it should be a share shift I would think?
Michael Roth:  Well, I would hope so. Look I mean its always been both us and Omnicom have always had a stronger presence in the U.S. And although the U.S. isnt growing a double-digit growth that were seeing in Brazil or in China. Were seeing solid growth in U.S. and thats the kind of environment that we can expand margin and grow our business. So -- and if you look at our forecast, the MAGNA forecast, although the growth in U.S. is -- I wouldnt call it stellar in terms of projection, its solid and its solid enough if we deliver that, that we should continue to grow and grain market share because of our offerings and frankly stronger presence in the U.S. We -- McCann in U.S. as well as worldwide is very strong for us and were seeing it in the business wins at McCann in particular. Those were domestic wins and we saw Mediabrands participating in that pitch with them. So thats whats contributing to this and frankly, the U.S. is a good place to be overexpose to in this world of uncertainty right now and we are seeing the benefit of it.
Barry Lucas - Gabelli & Company: Amen to that. One nit to pick for either of you and that is despite some meaningful share repurchases since the program was instituted the average diluted share count year-over-year is unchanged. So shuffling options out or I mean, when do we see the share count really shrink?
Michael Roth:  Well. I think, we will continue. We still have $271 million authorization. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we are committed to returning that to our shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. And we will continue to pursue that. And I understand your point. We were out of the market a little bit for various reasons. But its still an important part of our overall shareholder value enhancement program.
Barry Lucas - Gabelli & Company: Thank you, Mike.
Michael Roth:  Thank you, Barry.
Operator:  Thank you. The next question comes from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital. You may ask your question.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital:  Great. Thanks. Michael, in your prepared remarks you talked a little bit about the PR agencies and Weber possibly being the largest social agency out area. You also mentioned content creation and I just want to ask a little bit more about that in the broader area of concept marketing. And where you are seeing demand from clients, maybe certain verticals, is it more B2B or it is B2C player a role in here? And then maybe some areas outside of the PR agencies where you are seeing business grow there?
Michael Roth: Well. Its always being interesting, wheres social media belong and if you go back to my remarks a while ago, Ive always said that we have social media expertise across all of our disciplines. But if you really go to the heart of it, PR is a natural sweet spot for social media to sit. Okay. And fortunately, our agencies, particularly Weber and Golin address that issue very early on. And particularly at Weber, I mean, they have a significant part of their practices as managing social media and theyve done well at it. In fact, they have had awards on with respect to that. So, I think that should continue. There is an area where clients take a look and see whether they should be bringing that in-house or not. But even with that exposure, we've seen growth in those markets and we think its a real strength of PR businesses go. Clearly, the whole shift to digital in the PR side has been significant as well as frankly, some of the advertising part of the PR business. One of the things were seeing is bringing together of all the various disciplines. You see it in our digital agencies doing some creative work. Weve see some R/GA in particular for example, had some very notable campaigns out there where they were doing both the creative as well as digital. And then you turn to our normal traditional advertising agencies and their strengths are in the digital and PR as well. So we're seeing across the board, all of our agencies whether, which services they are in, looking at that integrated offering as the way to deal with our clients because frankly clients want to see that. So its been an important part of what weve been doing. And frankly, I think we are seeing the result of that. Our clients are looking to our agencies to provide that kind of support. And the other part of it is that we do well is, if a particular agency doesnt have that expertise, they can look to other IPG agencies to help. So it is not uncommon to reach out to our PR agencies as part of an agency of record to bring in an integrated offering, so its all working.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital: Maybe just a follow-up on the concept marketing idea.
Michael Roth: Im sorry.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital: Yes. Is it just certain verticals, anywhere that you are seeing particular strategy? 
Michael Roth: Well. Look, if you just look at the healthcare, healthcare is one that weve seen. It was in a lull for a while as patents were expiring and everything. So we are seeing new products and we are seeing a good -- in fact, healthcare was our fastest-growing in the quarter. And there in particular, I think content is a very important part of what were doing with respect to the healthcare clients. Auto was another. Weve seen good growth there in that one. Its a combination of content as well as traditional. So its not by accident that the sectors that are growing more rapidly, retail is another one. And thats where we saw our growth in the quarter. We saw healthcare was up 13% on a year-to-date basis. Autos up 11%, retail is up 10%. So these are not by accident that they are growing because, we are giving content as well as traditional type of offerings to those clients.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital: Great. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. The next question comes from James Dix with Wedbush Securities. You may ask your question.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities:  Good morning, gentlemen.
Michael Roth:  Good morning, James.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities: Two questions. There has been talk by some that there have been consolidation pitches in the media business for a while and that may increasingly be a trend that you see in other disciplines, spreading to other disciplines. I was wondering whether you are seeing that, whether you think that would continue if so and do you think that helps you potentially pick up share versus other competitors? And then secondly in terms of industry structure, there is obviously been talk about M&A not just in the agency space, but in other parts of the media value chain and there has been some discussion about how consolidated clients want the agency business to ultimately be? Maybe there was some tacit pushback to further consolidation that might have been an issue with publicists and Omnicom. Do you hear any of that from clients that they kind of like the number of global competitors that are out there now and they might have a problem if that number narrowed too much? Thanks a lot.
Michael Roth: Yes. Interesting question. Look, there is no question that with respect to global clients, they like the healthy tension of having at least two global holding companies in there and frankly it works with lot of our clients. We had long lasting relationships with multi-national clients that weve been sharing with other holding companies. And yeah, it does keep us extra on our toes and clients like to see that. And yeah, there were some risks on the Publicis Omnicom transaction particularly on the conflict side, with respect to that. I dont think that was the reason that transaction ran into problems, but there is always that issue of conflicts and clients liking to see some healthy tension within their agencies of record. So yeah, I think thats part of it. On the media consolidation, yeah, if you look at the big pictures that have occurred in the last year or so, certainly media is an important part of it. Bifurcation of buying and planning is part of that. The media guys hate when I talk about buying being a commodity. Certainly the clients, some clients out there view that. We dont think of it that way. We think there is a value add. And I think just looking at programmatic opportunities, thats one of the reasons why its not just pure commodity, there is a technology and art to doing that. But yeah, I think we are going to continue to see media consolidation, because clients believe that there is money to be had by putting the various holding companies if you will in a competitive pitch on the media side of the business and that one has a tendency to be the first place that multinational clients in particular look to consolidate their agencies frankly. And weve done well in those pitches, thats where this whole issue of scale does come into play and we certainly have a seat at the table at these multinational pitches. Some of our smaller competitors dont have that kind of breadths and depths in terms of the offerings and thats why youre seeing those consolidations come down to various holding company pitches. And we think we add value to that in terms of our expertise. And we do use the integration as part of the reason why it would work more efficiently. But I do think we will continue to see that, because there is pressure on our clients to provide bottomline savings. And the perception out there is that if we can show that for a less money, we can be more effective and place their media dollars in a more efficient way and better reach for less dollars, thats what clients want to see. And by calling a pitch, they get to see that firsthand from all the different competitors. So thats the nature of our business.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities: Great. Thanks very much.
Michael Roth: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Would you like to take another question at this time?
Michael Roth: Sure. One last please.
Operator: And our final question comes from Tim Nollen with Macquarie. You may ask your question.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie:  Hi. Thanks for the information, the rundown of your individual agency performance. Its nice to hear what sounds like a pretty full list of your agency roster doing well, which has been a change over the years. Obviously my question is, do you feel like you really have your businesses where you want them to be now? And if so, what would hold you back from getting up to a peer level margin in a few years time, which you had spoken about not too long ago? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Well, our main objective continues to be to expand our margins to peer level. And as you can see, we are very pleased with the performance so far this year in achieving that goal. And that is our primary focus in terms of ways to enhance shareholder value is to get to those competitive margins. And yeah, the way to do that is to earn it. And we are pleased with the changes weve made at all of our agencies, the leadership changes that we have made working well. Again, I am kind of superstitious, so I dont like to talk about it. But yeah, the nature of our business is that there are changes here and there, but I am very pleased what our people have done, particularly in the changes at McCann, you can see it in the results thats happening over there. FCB, with the new leadership there, we are seeing positive trends from there. And what we have done with Lowe in particular in terms of adding Profero and Campbell Ewald to the Lowe portfolio. Our goal was to have three global networks, and obviously thats part of the improvements that we are seeing in the results. And couple that with our strong marketing services and our media business, weve got everyone contributing to our growth and thats why we are comfortable when we say that we are going to achieve our competitive margins that we have laid out there. And the issue for us right now is how fast do we get there? And that is going to be a subject of macroeconomic environment is. If the macroeconomic environment continues to be solid, particularly in the U.S., then we are comfortable to getting to those objectives under shorter timeframe. And thats -- if you look historically as to why we had some setbacks in terms of achieving that, thats the result of as you pointed out some hits we took in our networks, but more importantly, the macro economic environment. So right now, we got a heads down focusing on what has to be done to deliver that.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie: Good. Thanks.
Michael Roth: Well, thank you all and we appreciate the support and we look forward to our next call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-18 14:24:05) =====
Executives: Michael Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer Jerry Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan John Janedis - Jefferies David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Brian Wieser - Pivotal Research Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Bill Bird - FBR Tracy Young - Evercore James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc. Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group, second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. (Operator Instructions). This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and well refer to both in the course of this call.  This morning we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks, to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. During this call we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to uncertainties and the cautionary statement that are included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further details in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC.  We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful, supplemental data, that while not a substitute for GAAP measures, allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning, as we review our results for the second quarter and first half of 2014. I'll start out by covering highlights of our performance. Frank will then provide the additional details and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies and the tone of the business to be followed by a Q&A. We're pleased to report a quarter of strong revenue and profit growth. Revenue increased 5.4% compared to Q2 a year ago. Net acquisitions had a positive 1.2% impact, while FX was a negative 0.5%. Organic revenue growth in the second quarter was therefore 4.7%, driven by increases in most world regions and across client sectors and disciplines. Operating profit in the quarter grew 12% to $196 million, and our operating margin expanded 60 basis points to 10.6%. Diluted EPS was $0.23, an increase of 28% and includes a non-operating charge of $0.02 per share for the early redemption of our debt. Looking at the first half of the year, organic growth was 5.6% and operating margin increased 130 basis points. Turning to additional color on the second quarter, our growth included increases across a broad range of client sectors; that includes retail, healthcare, financial services, automotive and food and beverage. In the U.S. organic growth was 2.9% in Q2 or 3.5% excluding pass through revenues, led by our digital specialists, Mediabrands, McCann and CMG. International continued to be strong with 7.1% organic growth in Q2. The increases were solid in all major regions with the exception of Continental Europe. Organic growth was 16.4% in the U.K., 7.4% in LatAm, 4.4% in AsiaPac and 18% in our group of other markets. Continental Europe decreased 1.4% organically. International growth was notably strong in digital, media and marketing services. For the first half of the year, the 5.6% organic growth reflected positive contributions from advertising, digital, marketing services and media, as well as all regions of the world. Our margin growth of 130 basis points for the first half of the year was driven by an equal contribution of operating leverage on both our salaries and related and office and general expenses.  As weve said previously, in addition to revenue growth, cost discipline and margin enhancement are a top priority for this year and were executing against that objective. In the second quarter our capital structure and financial strength continue to be a source of value creation. We had a sharp reduction of interest expense compared to a year ago, which was due to our debt refinancing activities. With respect to share repurchase, during Q2 we used $52 million to repurchase 3 million shares, while over the trailing 12 months we have utilized approximately $400 million for share repurchases. We have $321 million remaining on our authorization at the end of the quarter. In sum, we are encouraged that performance in the quarter and the half underscores the competitiveness of our agencies and the quality of our offerings in key growth markets and disciplines. The overall tone of business remains solid and we are effectively managing expenses. We therefore believe that we are well positioned to exceed our organic growth target of 3% to 4% and improve operating margin by at least 100 basis points to 10.3% or better. At this stage Ill turn things over to Frank for addition detail on our results and Ill join you after his remarks for an update on our operating units, to be followed by our Q&A.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael. Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On slide two, you'll see an overview of results, a number of which Michael has touch on. Organic growth was 4.7% in the second quarter, with international up 7.1% and U.S. up 2.9%. Operating profit was $196 million, an increase of 12% in Q2. Operating profit grew 39% in the first half of the year. Q2 margin was 10.6%, an improvement of 60 basis points compared with last years Q2. The combined impact of a stronger dollar where we are more profitable and a weaker dollar in less profitable markets resulted in a translation headwind of 40 basis points to margins.  Diluted EPS of $0.23 includes a charge of $0.02 per share and the early redemption of our $350 million, 6.25 notes, the charge is another expense below operations. Q2 average fully diluted shares decreased 4.5% from last year due to our share repurchase program.  Turning to slide three, youll see our P&L for the quarter. Ill cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Here its worth noting that interest expense decreased to $23 million from $38 million a year ago. Youll recall that in Q2, 2013 we carried a temporarily higher debt balance, having issued new debt ahead of debt redemptions later in 2013. The comparison also reflects a lower run-rate interest expense this year. Turning to revenue on slide four, revenue was $1.85 billion in the quarter, an increase of 5.4%. Compared to Q2 13, the impact of the change in exchange rates was a negative 50 basis points, while net acquisitions added 120 basis points. The resulting organic revenue increase was 4.7%. Excluding pass through organic growth would be 4.9%. As you can see on the bottom half of this slide, we had solid growth in both our reported segments. At our integrated agency networks, the organic increase was 4%, led by our digital specialist and media business, with increases in both the U.S. and international markets. At CMG organic growth was 7.9%, led by continued outstanding performance in our PR agencies and growth and sports marketing. Moving on to slide five, revenue by region, in the U.S. Q2 organic growth was 2.9% and was 3.5% excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenues in our direct marketing and events businesses. Our top client sectors were healthcare and auto. We were led in the U.S. by Mediabrands, digital agencies, Huge, R/GA, McCann and CMG.  Turning to international markets, we had strong U.K. performance with 16.4% organic growth. Growth was approximately 13% excluding the increase of pass-through revenues at our events business. We were led by sector increases in food and beverage, consumer goods and retail. We have significant growth across all agencies with the most significant increases at our marketing services specialists, Mediabrands, McCann and Lowe. Its worth noting that total growth in the U.K. was 33%, which includes about 10% from the stronger sterling. It also includes 7% from our acquisitions in the region, notably from FCB Inferno and Lowe Profero. Continental Europe decreased 1.4% organically. We had solid growth in Germany and Spain, but that was more than offset by decreases in other markets, notably France and Italy. In AsiaPac, our largest international region, Q2 organic growth was 4.4%. Excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenue due to events last year that did not repeat, organic growth was a little over 6%. We were led by double digit growth in China and strength in Mediabrands, R/GA and Lowe.  In LatAm organic growth was 7.4%, which is on top of 16% a year ago. We had growth across all agencies led by Lowe and our marketing services specialist. We have solid growth in Brazil and double digit increase in several other markets.  As you can see on this slide, revenue as reported decreased in the region, which is due to sharply weaker local currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. In our other markets group, which is made up of Canada, the Middle East and Africa, we had 18% organic growth, which was due to strong increases in the Middle East and Canada. On slide six, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 4.4%.  Moving on to slide seven, operating expenses. In the second quarter total operating expenses increased to 4.7% compared with our reported revenue growth of 5.4%. Our Q2 ratio salaries and related expense to revenue was 63.2% this year, compared to 63.8% a year ago, an improvement of 60 basis points. Underneath that our expense for base salaries benefits and tax was 53.6% of revenue, compared to 53.5% a year ago. However, this is where we saw most of the currency headwind to margin compared to a year ago. While FX decreased our revenue by 50 basis points compared to Q2, 2013, it created a small increase in our expense for base payable benefits and tax. The results in reported terms was 30 basis points of margin pressure. Moving on, expense for temporary labor was 3.7% of revenue, compared with 3.6% a year ago. Incentive expense was 2.7% of revenue. Severance expense improved 40 basis points. All other salaries and related expense was 2.3% of revenue compared with 2.6% a year ago. Total headcount at quarter end was approximately 46,500. That is a net increase of approximately 500 from March 31, about 40% of which was due to acquisitions during the quarter. The balance of the increase was in higher growth areas of the portfolio such as digital and PR, as well as in growth regions around the world.  Turning to office and general expenses on the lower half of the slide, O&G expense was 26.2% of Q2 revenue, an improvement of 10 basis points from a year ago. Within our O&G categories, compared to last year we had a 30 basis points of operating leverage and occupancy expense, 20 basis points on telecom, office supplies and travel, and 10 basis points on professional fees. Going the other way, we delevered 50 basis points on other office and general expense. That reflects increased expense in several categories, primarily related to changes in our acquisition earn-outs. On slide eight, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point was 9.7%, which excludes the restructuring expense in Q4 13. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on slide nine, we ended the second quarter with $901 million in cash and short-term marketable securities. The comparison to December 31 reflects that our cash level is seasonal and tends to peak at year-end. June 30 last year includes $630 million of cash that we had raised and subsequently used for debt redemption in Q3, 2013.  On slide 10 we turn to our second quarter cash flow. Cash provided by operations was $169 million, compared with $184 million a year ago. Working capital was within the normal range for Q2, a use of $24 million this year compared with a positive $17 million in Q2, 2013.  Investing activities used $52 million for acquisitions and CapEx. Financing activities generated $2 million, which reflects the issuance of new debt, offset by debt redemption, share repurchases and dividends, as well as lower bank borrowings. Our net increase in cash and marketable securities for the quarter was $125 million, compared with a $32 million decrease a year ago. On slide 11, we show debt deleveraging from a peak of $2.35 billion in 2007 to $1.76 billion at the most recent quarter end. Note that in Q2 we issued 500 million of new 10 year notes at 4.2% and redeemed our 6.25%, $350 million notes. In summary, on slide 12, the quarter and the first half represents solid results and good progress towards our financial objectives for the full year. We are seeing solid growth in areas where we have focused our investment in both, people and acquisitions, that is to say high growth regions, as well as the digital marketing service disciplines. Our operators are focused on the appropriate cost disciplines and margin expansion and our balance sheet is an important area that well continue to deploy for value going forward. With that said, let me turn it back to Michael.
Michael Roth : Thank you, Frank. Well, we are pleased that the second quarter featured solid performance, with competitive organic revenue growth and continued focus on cost discipline to drive margin enhancement. The tone of the business is good and conversations with clients point to a continued commitment on their part to invest behind their brands, with a particular focus on efficiencies and effectiveness. Overall our new business pipeline is sound. We are seeing quite a bit of activity in digital, marketing services and when it comes to clients looking for integrated solutions that combine the offerings of multiple agencies. This is increasingly important in order to reach and motivate consumers in a very complex media and marketing landscape. Obviously our win on Microsoft is a strong proof point that when we tap into the right talent from across the group we can be successful in addressing the needs of even the most sophisticated global clients. Turning now to an update on our companies, we continue to see very strong performance at CMG, driven by Weber Shandwick, Golin and DeVries in public relations, as well as Octagon in sports marketing.  While our digital offerings in the marketing services space have already leading edge, we are pleased to have completed two significant acquisitions during the quarter. Time is a highly created digital agency that will further enhance Weber Shandwicks social practice throughout Europe.  Genuine Interactive will be a key drive in elevating the digital agenda across Jack Mortons global network. McCann once again posted good results. The agency prevailed in the highly competitive CIGNA pitch and added business from a leading multinational client in (Inaudible), as well as winning major local assignments in Europe and Asia. The industry and the market place have taken notice that McCann is viewed as the strong competitive force. We are therefore seeing a great deal of interest from senior talent in joining a power house that is building strong, positive momentum in the market place.  Performance at Mediabrands remain strong in the quarter. As you know we introduced the new media model some years ago that has taken our offering upstream into more strategic engagements and significantly more activity in the digital content creation and programmatic arena.  The tech side of media is evolving rapidly. Weve demonstrated the ability to stay ahead of those developments in recent years and continue to believe we will thrive in this new environment. Our unique cluster approach to regional management has also lead to significantly enhanced collaboration and better work.  UM and Initiative remain strong global network players and we will be looking to them to build on recent wins such as Heinz Global Inc and Warner Bros in Latin American.  SCB continues to makes progress in its transformation. The agency just posted its best ever performance in Canada, which is important in light of its stated goal of building a creative idea culture. This included a grand prix in the mobile category for the [buyer stores] (ph), the agencys largest global client. The recent BMW win in London is significant and demonstrates that the Inferno acquisition has helped SCB raise its game in the U.K.  Performance in Brazil and India were the agency is among the market leaders remained strong. Top talent has also been successfully recruited in strategic planning roles at the global level in New York and Shanghai. Management is still accessing capabilities in some European markets, but overall we are seeing encouraging sign for the network.  At Lowe emerging markets remain an area of strength, as does the high standard of the agencys creative product. As you know we are enthusiastic about the potential that Profero brings to Lowes high value idea platforms into a new range of media channels. Lowe and Lowe CE have been very active with the pitch consultants and are being included in a number of regional opportunities. The agencys Lenovo win has the potential to grow into another important global client, along with Cadillac and of course Unilever.  Our digital specialist agencies, all posted very strong performance in the quarter. RGA keeps getting stronger as a global agency and has developed a broad range of marketing and consulting capabilities. Huge is on the same growth plan, with multiple U.S. agencies and a London presence, as well as an outstanding performance year-to-date, and MRM is already among the leading global digital networks in our industry, and has been a key contributor to a number of our major IPG, open architecture wins in the past year.  The number of our strong U.S. independent agencies such as Hill Holliday, Martin, Mullen and Deutsche are also increasingly participating in integrated cross agency efforts. Given the strength of the strategic creative and digital talent within those agencies, this could be another driver in meeting our overall IPG growth objectives.  At the midpoint of the year we are pleased with our results and progress. Our portfolio of agencies is strong. We are winning share in digital and marketing services, successfully innovating with our media offerings and our global ad networks continue to trend positively. Our long standing strategy of embedding digital expertise within all of our agencies, while also investing organically behind our digital specialist is delivering excellent results.  Our financial strength has been and will continue to be a source of significant value creation. We've been very successful in deleveraging, while returning approximately $1.8 billion to our shareholders over the past three years. We expect solid growth in the second half, though somewhat tempered relative to the first six month. We believe that we are well positioned to exceed our organic growth target of 3% to 4% for the year, and improve operating margin by at least 100 bases point to 10.3% or better. To do so, we must stay closely focused on execution and weve been consistently clear that for us 2014 is all about execution. This means driving further competitive growth and staying focused on cost, so as to significantly improve margins. This will allow us to continue to build on recent performance and further enhance shareholder value.  At this point, Id like to thank you for your continued support and open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMC. You may ask your question.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan : Thank you. You guys have done a great job in new business wins lately. Could you give us an update, I guess inclusive of some activity youve seen in the most recent quarter of how we should expect the rest of the year to play out in terms of when the tailwinds and sort of headwinds may hit us.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia. Well, what we said in the last call that we were sort of overweighed in terms the tailwind in the first half of the year and we expected that to level out in the second half of the year, and frankly, thats the way its planning out. We just did our bottoms-up REs for the full year and frankly and thats why we are comfortable with our comment, which I know youve already picked up, that we expect to exceed the 3% to 4% organic growth on the revenue side for the full year.  But for the second half of the year I think it levels off, because we are starting to cycle through some of the client losses that we did suffer and offset that against the client wins in the second half of the year.  But the important point here is that the tone of the business is very solid. I think the results that youre seeing, if you put aside the noise between the FX and the pass-throughs, we have a solid performance across our region, as well as our agencies. As far as new business, there is one big global pitch out there and in that we have our media agencies, particularly BPN which is leveraging all the tools and resources within Mediabrands as well in that pitch. So, we are very comfortable with our offerings across the board, and I think our results that were reporting today are indicative of a solid performance.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: And then when you look at Continental Europe, which remains volatile, I think industry wide, I guess do you think the underlying trends are just the right kind of volatility, its trending in the right direction. I mean, do think is there any sign of improvement in France. I guess what will it take to get France kind of back in kind of a flattish or positive territory.
Michael Roth: Were not counting of France to pull us out of a global economy rebound if you will.  But what we said at the beginning of the year, we werent expecting a great expansion in Continental Europe. The fact that we were positive in the first quarter, frankly the timing issue with respective to some of our existing clients and some client wins, the fact that we were negative in the second quarter.  For the first half we are still slightly positive and what we said with respect to going into the year, we expect Continental Europe to be flat to slightly up and frankly thats what were seeing. And I think with that kind of background, I think thats how we can be comfortable or poised to deliver on our promises and margin expansion. But we are ways off before theres a recovery in Continental Europe.  Obviously Germany has been strong for us and frankly Italy had some good performance, but France continues to weigh on us and we are looking at the things in France to help bolster our offering, but again, its not going to solve everybodys problems in terms of global economic recovery.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: All right, thank you very much,
Michael Roth: Thank you Alexia
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Janedis with Jefferies. You may ask your question. 
John Janedis  Jefferies:   Thanks, good morning. Frank its good to see the continuation of the operating leverage in the SRS line. I know you spoke to the FX impact on base and benefits, but in the context of this years margin target, can you talk about maybe the income rental headwinds from currency today relative to your initial target?
Frank Mergenthaler: Right now we think John that theres probably about 15 bips of margin pressure related to FX and thats not significantly off of what we anticipated coming into the years. So assuming rates stay the same, FX crosses stay the same, it shouldnt be an issue with respects to meeting our targets.
Michael Roth: Yes and let me add there, these FX headwind if you will, these are translational issues. They are not actually exposure in terms of currency, so its all translational, which obviously we dont have much to do in terms of fixing.
John Janedis  Jefferies: Got it. Okay, and thanks Michael, and just over the last year weve seen a lot of industries attempt to build scale or consolidate and I guess on a practical level, can you talk about any potential impact on your business from the proposed deal in the media space.
Michael Roth: What deal is that John? Look consolidation and scale has always been an issue in our industry in terms of media owners and obviously in terms of our own industry. We always say, we are positioned from a scale point of view to be competitive.  Obviously with the fact that NBC Universal is such a power house in the media space, having one more big power house, frankly I think sort of balances out the strength of NBC Universal and I think in the long run from our perspective, it gives us additional leverage, which is what I think it does. But I think its interesting to see. Content is important and obviously the players that are involved here have significant content that will drive future dollars with respect to the work that we do, to move the needed for our clients, so thats what we do. So whatever it turns out to be, we will be responsive to what our clients needs are and well respond to the market place, but I think its totally consistent with what weve been saying about the trends in our industry. Content is important, media owners are consolidating their offerings for their clients, which gives them leverage against frankly the buyers of that space, and our job is to navigate through it. So I think in the long run it will be probably positive for us. I dont think its going to be negative and its a question of how we negotiate on behalf of our clients, and it may be a little more difficult to negotiate, which frankly adds to our value, because thats what we do.
John Janedis  Jefferies: Thanks a lot. 
Michael Roth: Thanks John. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets. You may ask your question.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Hey, thanks guys. Well, it looks like MAGNA has done some real kind of industry leadership here with the experiment what ACB on the programmatic side for these dot com properties. Can you talk about what this augers, sort of similar partnerships for other online extensions for the TV side of it. Do you feel like youre getting closer to the goal of moving linear TV on to the programmatic side as a product you guys offer or a tool. What you think is going on there?
Michael Roth: Well, when this all started we always commented that the last to be included in this was going to be premium content, because its going to be hard for the media owners to throw that into the mix if you will, so thats what gives them all of their leverage.  This experiment with ABC is an experiment. Its not large. I dont think we should be putting it out of proportion in terms of the amount of contents thats being put in that space, but it will be interesting to see and like all experiments if it proves to be successful, then well be seeing more of it. But I think the last to come into the fold is going to be premium content. And frankly, if I was a media owner, I would understand that, because once they let go of that and you lose some a significant amount of your leverage and frankly, thats what its all about.  But I do think ultimately this whole automation is moving forward and frankly weve been leaders in that and the consortiums that we put together is indicative of the fact that collaboration in this space is really the way to do it, and I think were showing that we have the ability to cross the different media owners and put together an offering for our clients that is competitive and realistic in the market place and in their best interest.  So, I think its certainly an area that were going to continue to investment in, and I think its going to be an area thats going to change dramatically as we go forward. And frankly, again, thats what we do. Were supposed to be part of a changing landscape and providing advice for our clients. So I think this will be interesting to unfold. Eventually its going to be part of it, but were not sure what form it will take.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Wieser with Pivotal Research. You may ask your questions.
Brian Wieser - Pivotal Research: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. I was wondering, you noted that media was a source of growth. I was wondering if you could talk about the products and services beyond conventional planning and buying inside of media brands that are doing relatively better than others and whether its like that Ensembles or ID Medias or some other aspect of the product.  I had a separate question, but then Ill just throw it now. I saw news from Australia about R/GA getting an assignment, creating optimizing ads that are programmatically  I think it was Telstra. Im just wondering if you can characterize it, if you think of any opportunities or how big the opportunity is for the non-media agencies around programmatic trading.
Michael Roth: Well, everybody is trying to do their own program and trading as you know. One of our clients are doing their own, media owners are doing their own and obviously an agency like R/GA. I think were having a little bit of  Brian, Im not sure whether its your connection, but I wont talk to you about that personally.  Right look, what were trying to do from a Mediabrands perspective is bring all the different disciplines within Mediabrand. Thats why Mediabrand exists and that is basically to put together all the resources. So what youre seeing is ID Media, Ensemble.  I think what we are doing in terms of Mediabrand publishing and content generation, these are all things that clients are looking for in order to reach the consumer in a modern way, and thats what we are excited about and thats where were investing our dollars, and I do think if you just translate that into the big transactions that I just talked about, everyone is chasing content and how its going to be able be a part of the story telling, thats what we do.  So Mediabrands with its various disciplines in bringing them all together in that integrated offerings, we hope provides a competitive advantage, and thats exactly what the integrated offering is all about Brain. We are supposed to reach across all of IPG and bring in the best we have to meet the needs of our clients and the stuff you are seeing at MAGNA and Mediabrands publishing and Ensembles and Mobile. Obviously Mobile is a big part of this going forward and Search, all are coming together. So its a pretty exciting time for us in this environment. 
Brian Wieser - Pivotal Research: Thank you very much. 
Michael Roth: Thank you Brian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Nollen with Macquarie. You may ask your question.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Hi, thanks. Hearing you positive commentary about the tone of the business and about client commitments is great. I just wanted to check on the Q2 organic revenues. Am I thinking too much about it seeing declines in most regions and I clearly understand Europe isnt fully back on its feet and France we know is weak, but were there any one-time items, timing issues, were there any timing of account wins or losses. Anything like that, that just might have brought those numbers down a bit and is that really nothing to worry about. 
Michael Roth: No. Look, our business, we cant time our clients on a quarterly basis to fit models and we are cycling through with it. We have client tailwinds in the first half of the year and as you cycle through them and you become part of the year-to-year comparison, then the organic growth is affected by that. The fact is we have the business. Its just a question of sequential growth following upon a strong quarter, which is what youve seen.  I did say, we did have some client losses. I did indicate there was a flow though in the second half of the year, offset by client wins, which is why I said the second half of the year will temper off in terms of the overall organic growth. But there is nothing dramatic happening in those numbers other than the timing of new business wins coming on-stream, the effect of some client losses and just comparisons from the year-to-year basis.  And on the international side, when you have 16% growth in Latin America its hard to kind of keep repeating that type of growth. So when you come back with a 7% growth on top of that, its pretty strong performance. 
Frank Mergenthaler: Tim, six month growth is 5% plus. We are pretty please with that.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Yes, and I dont think anyone should complain about 4.7% organic in Q2 either. So I just want to make sure about the items in Q2. 
Michael Roth: Its squeezing and comparisons.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Fine, thanks very much.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Tim.
Frank Mergenthaler: Youre welcome
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Bird with FBR. You may ask your question.
Bill Bird - FBR: Good Morning. I just have two questions. First, are there any puts and takes on margins that we should take into account in the second half. And then Frank, what are your thoughts on use of the balance sheet and adding leverage. Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: Im not sure Bill of puts or takes. One thing that does create volatility for us is around the continued liabilities earn outs. We cant control that. Its kind of an intellectually kind of weird accounting when youre acquisition is doing better and it hurts your current P&L, but thats a good thing. So thats a volatility that we cant really control.  With respect to the balance sheet, we have $300 million plus left on our share buyback program and will continue to execute against that program. 
Michael Roth: All you had to do is look at the news this morning and global macroeconomic issues that are out there. I dont think this is the time for us to borrow money to buy back shares, which is implicit in the question, you just asked. We have a strong buy back program thats been in place. I think youve seen us execute against that in an orderly fashion. I think it does well for our shareholders to have that kind of flow in the marketplace and it to be consistent as opposed to trying to be opportunistic in levering up our balance sheet.  One of the things we spent a lot of time on the last, frankly eight years, nine years, is making sure our balance sheet is strong, so that the fluctuations in macro economics can be well absorbed if it was such an impact again. We learn by experience and I think between our dividends, between our share buyback programs and frankly, we still have one more rating agency to get us to investment grade, that were very comfortable with the leverage right now.  If you look at our maturing schedule, we dont have any maturities coming due in the next couple of years, which is a good place to be, in a world that is facing the challenges that were seeing. So I think the financial position of IPG is the best its been in for years; were proud of it and were investing in our businesses and were returning a fair return to our shareholders and thats what were supposed to be doing. 
Bill Bird - FBR: Thank you and just to follow-up on margins, based on where currency rates are right now, what do you expect the impact to be of currency on margins in the coming quarter or two.
Frank Mergenthaler: We said for the year, 15 basis points of currencies remain as is negative to margin.
Bill Bird - FBR: Okay, thank you.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tracy Young with Evercore. You may ask your question.
Tracy Young - Evercore:   Yes, I have two questions if I could. One is related to the Microsoft one, the global creative business win. Is there anything that we should think of in terms of onboarding employees or any changes that we should think they are both on a revenue or the expense side.  And then in terms of the World Cup, did that have any impact in the U.K. or what would you suggest is the reason for that great performance there?
Michael Roth: No, World Cup was not effective in the U.K. Actually in the U.K. it was across the board. All our agencies, everything was doing pretty well in the U.K., so it wasnt just one particular one-off, so were quite pleased. Remember, we did invest in some acquisitions in the U.K. with Profero and Inferno, as well as all of our McCann, Lowe, CMG performance there. So U.K. was pretty much across the board. As far as onboarding Microsoft, all of that is taken into consideration on the revenue side and the margin side that Frank was talking about. We did have some upfront costs. We continue to hire against it and well see the revenue coming on stream in the second half of the year, which is why we said that the impact of cycling through in the second half of the year should sort of net out against the two and that includes onboarding staff for the Microsoft bit.
Tracy Young - Evercore: Okay, thank you.
Michael Roth: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you, and this question comes from James Dix with Wedbush. You may ask your question.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Good morning guys.
Michael Roth: Good morning James.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Two things; I guess one, first on gross. You said in the past youre comfortable over indexing I think versus the industry in terms of your business mix to the U.S. Could you give a little color on why you think thats a positive going forward and I guess a specific reason in light of two things; first, the organic growth was a little slower in the first half in the U.S. than internationally, which was very strong. And then second, I presume most of your clients are global brands with a global P&L and presumably not particularly tied to the results of the U.S. on its own.  And then secondly, youve been pretty vocal as a company about the importance of the shift to programmatic buying for your business and the industry overall. Do you think the shift of programmatic buying leads to higher ad spending by clients or is it leading to more of a shift in spending among the various sources of inventory. And then how does the shift to programmatic so far been impacting the growth and margins of your businesses if at all. Thanks.
Michael Roth: All of that you want me to answer? Okay.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: All of that, and I even wrote them down, so I can repeat them if you want.
Michael Roth: I got them, dont worry about it. First of all, yes, Im still very comfortable with our mix. If you look at the world base, North America was 59% of our business, U.S. is 56%, and given the uncertainty in the global footprint, Im pretty comfortable with the United States as being a place to put money and businesses to invest in and so. I mean ultimately our goal was to get to 50/50 and get there by growth in the International markets, particularly in the emerging markets. We are very comfortable with our offerings in the emerging markets. India we saw double digit growth, in China, Latin America. All our networks have strong presence in Latin America, including our media businesses. So, I think our footprint is very strong. Im very comfortable with the weight of the U.S. because frankly its still is the global power house in terms of the economic strength if you will. Obviously double digit growth in China is important, but everyone is looking to the United States to have sustained growth, and even without double digit growth in the United States we can convert and expand our margins, which is what we should be doing. On program buying, its kind of interesting, if you think about it, this is the first time digital has exceeded network spend, and weve forecasted to overtake all broadcasting in the next couple of years, and obviously program buying has something to do with that. The up-fronts were kind of weak this year. That doesnt mean to say that we wont see the back half of the year strength on the scatter side, and I still think thats a very important place for us to be.  And the efficiencies of automation and program buying is here to stay and everyone is seeing how its going to go in terms of whether its private exchanges, whether its public exchanges, whether its customized exchanges and its all about data and being responsive to reaching the consumers in a more efficient way, and we have to be able to invest in that, and thats what we have done. So yes, I think its going to be an important part of the future of how we do buying, particularly on the digital side, and as far as the mix goes, we are agnostic. Our business is agnostic. We are advisors. We provide advice to our clients in terms of where they should spend their dollars.  Now, do we think that if we take a look at a cradle to grave perspective of their total dollars to spend, do we think if we can talk a look at that, we can save them expenditures in terms of reach and effectiveness? Yes, but it takes that integrated offering for us to do that and program buying is part of our ability to deliver on those promises.   So thats why I say, it took me a whole call to get that confusion is good, but confusion is good, especially when you have the expertise that we have, that we can bring to the table.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Great. Just one thing, so is the shift to program helping your growth in margins do you think for your business or
Michael Roth: Its not a big margin. It helps our growth in margin, because were servicing our clients, and when we service our clients, were in there talking to them or working with them in terms of their reach in what their content is, what they should be buying, where should they be spending their money, that helps our margin, okay.  We dont take inventory and thats a big issue in our industry, in terms of what inventory we are selling, and other than our barter business, which frankly there is some inventory there, but thats part of the business model, we dont take the positions and therefore were agnostic in terms of what inventory we sell. So were not making profits if you will on the inventory that were holding to sell to clients.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Okay, so the impact is more. Just its taking you up the value chain in place of the advice you are giving clients. 
Michael Roth: Yes, right.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Okay, great thanks very much
Michael Roth: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. You may ask your question.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets :  Hey, good morning everyone. Michael, just thinking on the marketing services side of your business, maybe agencies like MRM, how much are you seeing any change in how clients are thinking about first party data, CRM platforms, that sort of classic database build? Some of the other competitors like EPSILON have mentioned some new vertical to start to look at those strategies a little bit more in detail where maybe they wouldnt have previously their more brand advertisers, also may be some more mid market clients looking at it. Something that might have been too expensive for them previously. Is that a trend you guys are participating in as well?
Michael Roth: Yes. I mean, in that space our MRM business is very strong on a global basis and these are big, big projects okay and data management is critical to that and thats where the tools and resources really come in to play, and weve got big global clients that we are working with and it works. I mean, thats where a lot of the action is taking place, because theres accountability.  This business ultimately, if youre a CEO of a company, and thats why I made the comment about efficiencies and effectiveness. Clients will spend money when we can prove that its effective and the businesses like MRM and the CRM businesses, historically its accountable and we can prove it and it works. So I think its a good part of growth story and as result MRM is doing quite well and frankly as I indicated, that type of disciple is part of that integrated offering that we bring to the clients and its becoming more prominent as we go forward.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets : And so do you see that type of work in the integrated agency networks line primarily, because its within there or is there some of that type of work in CMG as well.
Michael Roth: Well, if youre referring to the data part of it, the answer is yes, its across the board. But the mechanics of that business is  the fact that its labor intensive is one thing. Everyone thinks its all mechanical, its not, its labor intensive and there are only a few companies that have the resources to be able to do that on a global basis and frankly, thats one of the reasons MRM is so successful at it. I mean they have the horse power; they have the technology and the resources to make that happen. But that is why we use MRM as part of the integrated offering, even outside McCann, and again, thats part of the open architecture that IPG can bring to the table.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets : And just a last one of that, just on that open architecture; are you seeing an agency like MRM start to work more with Mediabrands on applying those sort of CRM systems to programmatic strategies?
Michael Roth: Why, I dont know specifically on program and strategy, but its all data and the answer is yes. I mean thats what the open architecture is all about and that is you have media, you have CRM, you have creative, you have social media, you have TR, I mean thats really what we do best. And the industry has gone through cycles of where you pick out specific expertise and you try to put them all together or you go to one source where you have an agency of record and they have all the resource.  I mean frankly the World Group has all these resources, but everyone on the World Group we reach out to other agencies to help in terms of expertise, so thats where this industry should be and thats where its going right now. Clients want to make sure they are getting all the resources we have and its up to us to deliver it, and they all have to work together and thats not easy to do and we are seeing much more success as we did years ago and thats why we are winning businesses.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets : Great. Thank You.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities. You may ask your questions.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities : Good morning. I wanted to ask you about talent and specifically as the industry moves more towards digital capabilities, your competitive set for talent and this is something that weve all talked about a bit, its certainly widening.  Historically you and your peers have not been significant users of non-cash compensation. Wondering if the hiring climate, in particular the digital hiring climate and the competitors are leading you to change your view on that. Could we expect, lets say a year from now, different types of comp packages out there for this type of employees.  And then I guess just a quick follow up on that. Frank, Im wondering if you could comment a little bit on how we should think about this, the sources of leverage for second half. Any changes to the patterns weve been seeing or is it just kind of a flow through there. Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Okay, thanks Peter. Well look, yes, I mean digital talent, its not just digital talent. Creative talent, account management, our business is talent, so therefore its very competitive. We are very pleased  I mean if you look at the people weve been able to recruit recently in terms of high level people, McCann for example recruiting Rob Reilly on the creative side. Hes had a great impact at McCann and hes been to recruit talent behind him in terms of what they are doing.  And yes, I mean our compensation packages are including more equity based compensation to have them part of the performance. I think its pay-for-performance and we try to move most of our high level executives to a pay-for-performance structure.  On a digital side, even if you take a look at some of our digital acquisitions, we put into earn outs that are based on performance when we buy them and we also put in  one of the things thats going on is obviously IP, okay, and the question is who owns the IP. So we have pools in some of our digital agencies and in our media business, where we encourage our people, the entrepreneurs that are within those businesses to think out of the box and well invest some money behind them and theyll participate, so thats one of the vehicles we use to retain and keep those type of individuals in the market place.  But we constantly look at our overall compensation structure to make sure that were (a) competitive, and (b) that our people participate on the upside, on the senior levels, and its also based on our performance of their various networks.  So we have a very sophisticated compensation plan based on networks, based on IPG performance and depending on what level youre being brought in on and use of equity compensation.  So yes, the answer is we have to do all of it and we have to use it in the right place. You just dont throw out the equity ownership across the whole company, because it doesnt have that kind of impact, but on senior talent and individuals who are coming and bringing with them unique expertise, we certainly do use it.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Peter on the leverage question, its all about conversion. Three, six months our growth conversion of profit was about 27% on constant currency basis. We said 30% is what our objective was, so were in the ballpark. So when we look at the back half of the year, its critical for us to convert and when we look at conversion, its all about how we manage SRS, because I think our other cost components are very well managed. Its all about how we manage SRS and thats going to be the focus for the next two quarters.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities : Thanks very much. Great first half.
Michael Roth: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question.
Michael Roth: Good morning Ben.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. I wanted to ask two Michael, one, you talked a little bit about draft in your opening remarks. I think its been almost a year, maybe a little less since Carter came on. How is that group doing in terms of growth? I think its probably not growing as fast as the overall business, and you guys have been putting up decent top line despite that, so any sort of line of sight on when that business starts to pick up? Any accounts we should be focused on and does he have his whole team in place?  And then since its the last question, Ill throw my second one in. In admittedly yesterdays news, but with Publicis, Omnicom unwinding itself since the last earnings call, Id love to just get any takeaways that you guys have from that whole process. Anything you learned either from the employee side or from the client side or just any thoughts on what happened and if it has any implications for the broader industry would be interesting. Thanks.
Michael Roth: Sure. I thought I was going to get through a call without having to answer that question. First of all, its no longer draft, its FCB. It sound like thats a small task. It is I think what Carter and his team in terms of transforming that organization, the role out of the FCB brand if you will has really taken hold. Carter and the people he brought in have really gelled in terms of the DNA of FCB.  They came out of the gate, they won some high profile clients. In terms of wins as you know, they won Levis, they won Trulia and they won Ghirardelli, and so yes, its great and they were competing against top notch agencies. So they really have some great talent and Carter has done an amazing job in bringing in high level people in terms of markets that they needed to build up their expertise, particularly Nigel Jones being brought in over in Europe and Lee Garfunkel in New York. In their healthcare business where Dana is doing very well, so Im very happy where FCB is and the team and were really excited about what the future holds with respect to that transformation.  Its not easy to move a battleship like that. The results frankly for the year at FCB are consistent with what we were planning for them for the year; that takes time. You dont expect it automatically to be a huge contributor in terms of our overall, but its an important global network for us and they are contributing and we are very exciting about it. And all you have to do is see Carter and his team in terms of how they pitch new business and the excitement that they have, its really great to see. As far as the Publicis, Omnicom transaction, I was kind of hoping it would continue to delay forever and not take place, because I think the distraction of having two very competitive companies like Omnicom and Publicis, being focused on their transactions as what we are doing out there was kind of fun and they are back. I mean we are competing against them, but we didnt expect it to stay forever. We didnt go home and worry about the transaction.  Even if it got completed, we felt we have the resources and the scale to compete and we used it as an advantage in recruiting some very high talented, high profile individuals and some client pick-ups if you will, but not we are back to competing as usual. So its going to take them some time to work though some of their issues in terms of talent and so on, but we just put our heads down and focus on our clients and our business. 
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Does the failure to get that done suggest as to sort of highlight how hard it is to do these kind of deals, given the complexity and its a people business or you think its specific to what was going on there.
Michael Roth: Ill let them answer those questions. I think a $35 billion transaction by definition is difficult to complete, and if you add on top of it, its a service business and its multinational and its different cultures. I think it was pretty clear from the beginning it was going to be difficult to complete.  That doesnt mean to say you cant do transactions, but its difficult. 
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.  
Michael Roth: Well, thank you very much for your support. We look forward to the next earnings call and enjoy the rest of the summer. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude toadys conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time you may disconnect your line.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerome J. Leshne  SVP of IR Michael Isor Roth  Chairman, CEO and Chairman of Executive Committee Frank Mergenthaler  CFO and EVP
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani  JP Morgan Tim Nollen  Macquarie Research Peter Stabler  Wells Fargo Brian Wieser  Pivotal Research James Dix  Wedbush Securities Inc. Tracy Young  Evercore Richard Tullo  Albert Fried Company 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. (Operator Instructions). This conference call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I'd now like to introduce Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com and will refer to both in the course of this call. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks, to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to uncertainties and the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful, supplemental data that while not a substitute for GAAP measures allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning as we review our results for the first quarter. As been our practice I'll start out by recovering highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide additional details and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by a Q&A. We're pleased to report our strongest growth quarter in two years despite the year. Organic revenue growth in the first quarter was 6.6% driven by implement. Our seasonal Q1 operating loss includes significantly the 12 million from 42 million a year ago, reflecting effective operating leverage on our principal expense categories. As a result, diluted EPS was a loss of $0.05 per share compared with the loss of $0.14 share a year ago. Our growth reflects both increases with existing clients as well as new business wins. We will led by double-digit increases in the auto, healthcare and financial service sectors. In the U.S., organic growth was 4.8% comprised the growth across most of our businesses notably McCann, Mediabrands, our digital specialist agencies, many of our U.S. integrated agencies and public relations. It's worth noting that U.S. organic growth would have been 6.5% excluding the decline in past through revenue during the quarter. This was primarily from our event business. International organic growth was strong at 9.1%, we had double-digit increases in LatAm, Asia-Pac and the U.K. as well as a welcome return to growth in Continental Europe, which was up organically by 3.8%. International performance was strong across the portfolio. All of our global networks contributed as did our digital agencies and our marketing service specialist at CMG. Turning to expenses and margins, total operating expenses increased 4% compared with our 6.1% reported revenue growth. Operating leverage on our salaries and related expenses improved by 80 basis points. While leverage on our office and general expenses improved by 130 basis points. As a result, Q1 operating margin improved by 200 basis points and our operating loss in Q1, which is seasonally our smallest revenue quarter improved by $31 million. As we indicated on our last call, cost discipline and margin enhancement are our top priority for this year and we were able to execute against that objective during the quarter. Our capital structure and financial strength continue to be a source of value creation in Q1. As previously announced in February, our Board approved the 27% increased to our quarterly dividend and authorized an additional 300 million share repurchase program. During Q1, we repurchased 3 million shares using $45 million. Over the trailing 12 months, repurchases were 28 million shares using approximately $450 million. We have approximately 375 million remaining in our authorization. But there is noting that this is the first quarter and also our smallest revenue quarter, so the results we are sharing today need to be kept in the profit perspective. However, we are encouraged by the fact that performance in the quarter speaks to the competitiveness of our agencies and the quality of our global assets in key growth markets. We therefore remain well positioned to deliver or exceed our financial targets for the full year. At this stage, I'll turn things over the Frank to some additional detail on our results and I'll join you after these remarks for an update on the tone of our business and an update on our agencies to be followed by the Q&A. Frank?
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael. Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On slide 2, you'll see an overview of results, a number of which Michael's touch upon. Organic growth was 6.6% in the first quarter. We typically have a loss in our seasonally small first quarter which was 12 million this year a significant improvement from a year ago. Operating margin was negative 0.7% compared with negative 2.7% in Q1 2013. We drilled operating leverage on both of our principal operating expense lines compared to last year. Turning to slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Here, it's worth noting that interest expense was dramatically lower from a year ago. You will recall that in Q1 13, we carried temporary higher debt balance having issued new data ahead of debt redemptions later in the year. In addition, the comparison also reflects the lower underlying run rate of our interest expense this year. Also worth noting here is a very low tax benefit in Q1 compared to last year. The Q1 rate this year was only 7%, which is result of our mix of profitability in the quarter by tax jurisdiction around the world. We continue to expect that our reported tax rate will be in the range around 39% this year, while our cash tax rate should be 20% to 22% of pre-tax income. Turning to revenue on slide 4, revenue was 1.64 billion in the quarter, an increase of 6.1%. Compared to Q1 2013, the impact of the change and exchange rates was negative of 140 basis points while net acquisitions added 90 basis points. Resulting organic revenue increase is 6.6%. As you can see on the bottom half of this slide, we had very solid growth in both segments. At our integrated agency network segment organic growth was 6.8% with strong increases in both the U.S. international markets. At CMG, organic growth was 5.7% led by continued and outstanding performance in our PR agencies and growth and sports marketing. Moving on to slide 5, revenue by region, in the U.S. Q1 organic revenue was 4.8%. Leading client sectors were auto and healthcare pass-through revenues as well as related direct expenses will lower than a year ago which was a drag on U.S. growth with most of the decrease occurring in our events business. Turning to international markets, the U.K. grew 10.7% organically. We had growth in nearly all client sectors paced by auto and telecom. Among our agencies, we are notable increase in our marketing and service specialist including our event specialist Jack Morton and that McCann. Unlike the U.S., we have higher pass-through revenue expense in the U.K. due to growth of our events business. This increased our growth rate in the region which would have otherwise been organic of 3.7%. Its worth noting that our total growth was 21% including acquisitions in the region notably FCB Inferno and Lowe Profero. Continental Europe increased 3.8% organically, marking our first quarter of growth in the content over two years. We were led by low Mediabrands and CMG. We had growth in several of our largest national markets on the content including Germany, France and Spain. In Asia-Pac, our largest international region Q1 organic growth was 11.9% led by double-digit growth in China and Australia and solid growth in many other national markets. Our media business is very strong across the region as were McCann, CMG and RGA. In LatAm organic growth was terrific at 18.3% on top of 16% a year ago. We had strong growth across all agencies led by McCann, Lowe, FCB and our marketing service specialist. We had double-digit growth in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia and Argentina. Our other markets group made up of Canada, the Middle East and Africa increased 1.4% organically in Q1. On slide 6, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 3.8%. Moving on to slide 7, operating expenses. In the first quarter, total operating expense increased to 4% from a year ago which is relative to our reported revenue increase of 6.1%. Our Q1 ratio of salaries and related expenses to revenue was 72.6% this year compared with 73.4% a year ago, an improvement of 80 basis points. Our base salaries benefits in tax was 60.3% of revenue in Q1 an improvement of 100 basis points leveraging our growth and benefiting for restructuring actions. Temporary labor was 3.9% in revenue compared with 3.8% a year ago. Incentive expense improved 10 basis points and severance expense improved 50 basis points as a percentage of revenue. All other related salaries and related expenses was 3.3% of revenue compared with 2.6 a year ago. Total headcount at quarter end was approximately 46,000, headcount increased during the quarter by 1.2% nearly half of which was due to acquisitions. A little more than 50% of our new hires were in expanding areas of the portfolio such as digital, media and higher growth regions in the world. Turning to office and general expenses on the lower half of the slide, O&G was 28.1% of Q1 revenue an improvement of 130 basis points from a year ago. Underneath that improvement, we had 110 basis points of operating leverage and other office and general expenses mainly due to lower pass-through expenses. On slide 8, we share our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 9.6% which excludes our Q4 restructuring expense. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on slide 9, we ended the first quarter with $777 million in cash and short-term marketable securities. Our cash level seasonal intends to peak at year-end. We will recall that on March 31st a year ago, we are carrying approximately $800 million of cash that we raised to prefund debt redemptions in 2013. In the bottom half of this slide on the current liabilities, the current portion of our long-term debt reflects our $350 million, 6.25% notes. On slide 10, we turn to cash flow. Cash use in operations in Q1 was $726 million compared with $775 million a year ago. The comparison includes $723 million used in working capital this year, which is a similar to last year's level. As a reminder, our operating cash flow is seasonal. Our business tends to generate significant cash and working capital in the fourth quarter and uses cash and working capital in the first quarter. Investing activities in Q1 used $49 million for acquisitions and capital expenditures. Financing activities used $91 million mainly for share repurchase in our common stock dividends. Typically the pace of our share the first is geared to our fourth quarter when our cash flow strongest. Our net decrease in cash and marketable securities for the quarter was $866 million compared with $940 million a year ago. On slide 11, we show debt deleveraging from a peak of 2.35 billion in 2007 to 1.66 billion at the end of the most recent quarter end. Note that subsequent to the end of the quarter, in early April, we should 500 million of new 10 year debt at 4.2%. We'll apply a portion of the proceeds towards the early redemption of our 350 million 6.25% notes in May. In summary, on slide 12, the quarter represents a good start in terms of achieving our financial objectives for the full year. Growth was strong in those areas of the business where we have focused our investment in both people and acquisitions that is to say high growth regions the digital and marketing service disciplines as well as the U.S. market. We are also seeing the appropriate return on the investments made at the end of last year to one expenses. Our operations are focused on margin expansion and our balance sheet is an important area that will continue to deploy going forward. With that, let me turn it back to Michael.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Frank. Well, as you can see our quarter featured fully competitive organic revenue growth and we converted at the levels that we want to see. Our strong financial position will allow us to continue to invest in talent and targeted acquisitions as well as capital return program that drive further value creation for our shareholders. In terms of the tone of the business, we're hearing from our operators and marketers are committed to investing behind their brands. While there are certain areas of macro uncertainty such as China, Russia and perhaps India pending results of its election, the overall environment is one that should create sufficient opportunities for us to achieve or exceed our stated growth objectives for the full year. Our new business pipeline is solid with activity across the full range of our portfolio. As you would expect, media, digital and marketing services are dynamic areas but we are also seeing a number of RFPs in the area of integrated services both at the agency network and at the holding company level. We had a very strong performance in these types of competitions last year and are working to replicate that result in 2014. As you know our positive 2013 net revenue business means that we entered this year with some tailwinds. These will be more favorable in the first half of the year than the full year. As previously indicated the second half will also reflect some client losses in the U.S. during the lateral part of last year. Turning to an update on our companies, McCann had a strong quarter as it make further moves to enhance its position as a global powerhouse that delivers integrated marketing solutions to multinational and local clients. The group is winning business and has a very active new business pipeline. McCann has also continued to add senior new talent that will help take the agencies creative product which took dramatic steps forward in 2013 to an even higher level. We continue to see strong performance of CMG, where our PR agencies are expanding geographically and in terms of capabilities. Weber and GolinHarris recently collaborated to win a significant consolidation with a top 10 multi-national client. GolinHarris and DeVries are building out the global presence and Weber Shandwick industry leading social media practice within media co is leading the way and taping a broad range of daily streams to effectively engage with consumers and these new channels. Octagon posted solid performance to start the year and Jack Morton is moving to significantly enhance its digital offerings. Mediabrands also build on its positive momentum. UM and initiative a winning new assignment in key international markets and the groups developed market cluster is posting strong performance. The Mediabrands digital companies including Cadreon, Reprise and Ansible continue to be growth drivers. The recently announced partnership with AOL to beta test the industry first cross screen programmatic advertising platform is another step along this journey. And our recent investment in ADstruc will allow Orion to incorporate the benefits of digital buying into our outdoor media offerings. During the quarter, Foote, Cone & Belding announced that it was rebranding to reclaim the equity in one of our industrys most storied names as well as clearly signal it's intend to take the high ground in terms of creativity and brand stewardship. These moves compliment the agencys proven ability to deliver highly accountable marketing solutions and its single P&L model. Domestic new business performance with win from Levis, Tulia and Jia deli chocolate is an early positive sign that the leadership and cultural shift to the agency is taking hold. At Lowe, the focus is fully on the integration of Profero that new partnership has already won a number of projects in the U.S. and Asia. The networks leadership also continues to refine, combine (indiscernible) offerings which has recently been introduced to agency search consultants. The team lunched the new campaign for the national Milk board out of New York and recently recruited senior and creative and strategic talent into the Detroit office. And the agency is making progress in operationalizing its significant (indiscernible) which will be run at the new office in Barcelona. R/GA, Huge and MRM all had very strong performances in the quarter. We continue to support these agencies as they build out new capabilities from consulting to analytics and digital retail operations. MRM's global footprint places it among the industrys leading digital networks and R/GA is now active in over 15 markets including San Paulo, London, Sydney and Singapore with China and India currently in the planning stage. The expansion of Huge started to reach eight U.S. cities last year. We're also seeing increased collaboration on major clients and new business initiatives from digital specialist agencies. An additional element of our portfolio that sets us apart for many of our peers is the group of fully integrated U.S. independents such as Mullen, Hill Holiday, Martin, Deutsch and Carmichael Lynch. These agencies have fully modern offerings including strong digital analytics and channel planning capabilities and as a whole they performed well in the quarter. Significant highlights with the promotion of Karen Kaplan, Chairman of Hill Holiday and Kristen Cavallo, the President of Mullen's flagship Boston office. Key wins during the quarter included HTC at Deutsch LA and GNC at Carmichael Lynch. Mullen's worlds become a break out viral hit (ph) also there special mention. Overall, we are pleased with progress thus far in 2014. Our portfolio with agency is strong. Our strategy embedding digital expertise across the group while also investing organically behind our digital specialist is yielding positive results. In our ability to deliver open architecture, best the IPG Solutions is increasingly becoming a differentiator for us in the marketplace. We will always offer combinations of siloed agencies will create single client entities that disregard the value of their agency brands; our approach is wholly client specific and post together the right talent for each breeds in a highly collaborative team approach. During the quarter, we saw a good performance from our top 20 clients, an important source of organic growth for us. We're also seeing meaningful opportunities in terms of new business. The U.S. market which is our largest remains solid. Latin America, Asia and the BRIC market posted double-digit growth. Our focus on margin expansion with evidence in the Q1 results and this will remain a top priority for us going forward. Our financial strength has been and will continue to be a source of significant value creation. We've very effecting in deleveraging while returning about 1.7 billion to shareholders over the past three years. We believe that we remain well positioned to meet or exceed our organic growth target of 3% to 4% and achieve an operating margin level of 10.3% or better. Plus or less, 2014 is about execution, continuing to drive competitive growth while focusing on cost discipline, so as to significantly improve margins. This intern will allow us to deliver our ultimate commitment, which is the further enhance shareholder value. With that, I'd like to thank you for your time and continue to support and open the call for questions.
Operator: Okay. Our first question Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani  JP Morgan: Thanks for the color you gave on the impressive improvement in organic revenue growth. Is there any more detail you can give us in terms of how much of that came from the tailwind of new business you won historically versus how much might be overall improvement in the marketplace?
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you and thanks for joining us this morning Alexia. Well, we said we were going to have tailwinds in the first half, and I would say in the first half they were 1.5% to 2%. And going into the second half, we're not likely to see that kind of lift from those tailwinds because of the losses that we experienced at the end of the year that you know but overall our tone is very solid Alexia which is why we're being as supportive as we are to the commitments we've made to achieve our target or exceed.
Alexia Quadrani  JP Morgan: And just to follow-up but you still see probably net positive in terms of a challenge versus headwinds when you look at the first half versus the second half?
Michael Isor Roth: Yes. Right now we're net new business positive. Yes.
Alexia Quadrani  JP Morgan: And then just on the improvement in euro market, I guess, I don't know if you can answer this question but how much sort of you really on a firmer ground now and things are bit better or how much of it is things look better but we should still expect some volatility quarter-to-quarter because it's early days?
Michael Isor Roth: One quarter, we're painfully aware of our performance in the last quarter in terms of Continental Europe. What we saw in the first quarter is our new business wins particularly Lowe CR and Zurich starting to come on board and that accounts was at the 3.8% organic growth in the first quarter. We still have a ways to go to raise any flags in Continental Europe. As we said, for the budget, for the full year, we're budgeting slightly 1% to 2% growth in Continental Europe, it's nice to see us ahead of that in the first quarter but we still have three more quarters to go.
Alexia Quadrani  JP Morgan: Alright. Thank you very much.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: Our next question is Tim Nollen, Macquarie. Your line is open.
Tim Nollen  Macquarie Research: Hi, thanks. Couple of things, one is just ask about the growth and emerging markets versus U.S. and Europe, it seem some of your competitors have lower emerging market growth figures and kind of indicated that some multinationals are shifting budgets from emerging markets back to the U.S. and Europe which are a bit more stable at least in Europe case that it has been in the past few years. One of you could just comment on general budgets and clients spending in emerging market versus the U.S. and Europe?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, I think our results indicate that it's both. We see strong growth in our emerging market, obviously China and Latin America double-digit growth, Australia we saw a double-digit growth, India was slightly off. We had some shifting of some client business add up India and that accounted for the lack of -- the kind of growth that we were seeing in India. And as I indicated, in India a lot of dependent upon the outcome of the election that are coming up. We still believe India will be a strong growth opportunity for us and I might add we did bring our Board of Directors to India at our last Board meeting which is a positive statement to our support of our agencies in India. And the growth in the United States continues to be solid. I think when you look through the pass-throughs that we add a negative impact on in the U.S., we'll organically up 6.5%, which indicates that obviously the tone of our business in the U.S. continues to be solid. But I don't see any dramatic pullbacks if you will. But you can't continue to have double-digit growth on top of double-digit growth forever. So I do believe, we'll see that settle down, but it will still settle down into a higher growth pattern, which we're very comfortable with. But for example in Latin America, the huge growth we saw in Latin America was on top of 16% last year. So that's very encouraging but at some point it has the level off. But client is still looking at those as markets where they can either gain market share or enhance their brand.
Tim Nollen  Macquarie Research: Okay, thanks. Can I ask another question, you call out some of your independence during particularly well right now and it strikes me that this is somewhat different between you and some of your peers that you have the separate independence, is there anything you can say about profitability or future path, you've done something in the past with putting independence in the larger groups Campbell Ewald all being a recent example, does that makes sense longer term to maintain in those independence?
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, in fact our independence continue to be among our higher margin contributing agency. I think the trend that -- in the case of putting Campbell Ewald with Lowe that was on the heels of frankly a pitch than involved Campbell Ewald and Lowe and Hill Holiday I might add in terms of the Cadillac business and we were looking to both Lowe guidance for the U.S. So we thought this was a great opportunity to do that. But the way we look at our U.S. independence they're fully integrated. They have media, they have planning, they have PR businesses, they have events, they have consulting. So if they (indiscernible) don't fix it and what we do is when our independence have global opportunities don't happen to a Lowe, McCann or FCB, the partner as well as partnering with Mediabrands offerings on a global basis. So we're quite pleased with our current structure. We don't see any immediate need to merge any of our independence because we do have this collaboration D&A at IPG. And we've been very successful in taping into these types of arrangement. So there is no need to merge them but in Lowe and Campbell Ewald it was specific and it really met a need of both the organization. So we're pleased with our Independence, they do a great job and particularly you saw Mullen and you saw the wins the Deutsch and Carmichael Lynch and Hill Holiday continues to be an outstanding performer for us.
Tim Nollen  Macquarie Research: Okay. So If I can just threw you a last softball on that topic still.
Michael Isor Roth: Okay.
Tim Nollen  Macquarie Research: The relative low margins versus your peers over the years is perhaps more due to struggles that you've had with the various large networks but you had good things to say about them McCann and now FCB, is it safe to assume that famous words but these are on the right track now and the whole group margin can rise, it's not a matter of splitting out between the traditional Agency Network and the independence but everyone is doing better now.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes and I think both Frank and my comments, we indicated that our performance improvement was of course with the Board of our global network. So that's encouraging, it's always been our position that-- our drive is to be competitive margins or better and that's what we're focused on and we do believe there is still opportunity obviously for us to expand margin. But the repositioning of Lowe in the past few years, the addition of Profero to Lowe is obviously a big help and their recent client wins particularly with CR is an indication of that competitiveness. FCB back on the right track. They have a great new management team and they perform well in the first quarter and obviously the McCann is doing well this first quarter and we expect great things from that organization. So we're very pleased and yes we're on track to achieve our goal of competitive margins and that's what we're focused on.
Tim Nollen  Macquarie Research: Alright that makes perfect sense. Thanks very much.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Tim.
Operator: Our next question is Peter Stabler, Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Peter Stabler  Wells Fargo: Thank you. Good morning.
Michael Isor Roth: Good morning.
Peter Stabler  Wells Fargo: I have a couple of question on the media side. So once again, you guys called out strength and contribution from Mediabrands there seems to be a trend across the peer group. So couple of questions here, one: as you look out over the year do you think that this is kind of secular trend that can continue for multiple years and if so why and then secondly would love your updated thoughts on the idea of scale, this is a topic that we debate frequently with investors with regard to the media business, how important the scale but love your update thoughts on that. Thanks very much.
Michael Isor Roth: Sure. Let me start with scale, because obviously that question is relevant and continues to be relevant in light of some potential transactions that are out there. I've said this before peer; we compete against WPP before the announcement of Publicis and Omnicom. And if you look at the presence of WPP versus Omincom which is, they're relatively had the same side depending on markets they are in and we've been able to compete very effectively against those organizations giving our scale. So the important of scale is yes, it's important. However, we have the relative scale, we've been able to deliver and we frankly view our size is being the right size because we have the scale to buy efficiently and have presence in the marketplace and people have to pay attention to us. We place $35 billion - $37 billion of media in total, that's not insignificant. So it gives us to see that the table but we're also more flexible, we're able to create personalize, specific and customized offerings in the planning and buying area that clients like to see and we've been very successful at it. So I think media will continue to be a growth vehicle going forward for us. But what I like about the media and which is what I think is what's happening in our industry is the integrated offering is really coming to life here and that is the whole notion of what this model is going to look like in the future and that's from the cradle to grave. And we have this going on with a number of our clients where we look at the total pot of what the client is using to spend and take all of their dollars whether it's allocated to media buying, whether it's allocated to creative, whether it's allocated to digital, we have to look at this as a total picture and certainly media and planning is a critical component of it but so as digital, so as PR and so as experience and marketing. And that's what clients are looking for. And that's why when we get these RFP into the holding company, what we do as we approach it and a total integrated way focused on what client needs are and we don't pay attention for the sialos that are associated with it. And last year, we were very successful in that offering and so far we have a number of those going on this year which I hope to be successful in. So I think there is a trend which is where I think it belongs and that is looking at media and our agencies that are creative, digital and PR all together and bring to the table truly the integrated offering focused on the customized need of our clients and I think that's what you're seeing.
Peter Stabler  Wells Fargo: One quick follow-up for Frank, thank you Michael.
Michael Isor Roth: Sure.
Peter Stabler  Wells Fargo: With regard to growth, however in the U.S., it was a negative offset. So could you just try to size those two things us? Was this a wash?
Frank Mergenthaler: For the U.S., it had an impact of about 170 basis points. So our actual growth was 6.5% and in the U.K. it was adversely effected growth they're sort of organically goes from 10 to 3.7. So on net and net it's a bit of a headwind on our overall because the U.S. is such a large marker for us and overall adverse impact of our organic growth by about 70 BPs.
Peter Stabler  Wells Fargo: Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: You're welcome.
Operator: Next question is Brian Wieser, Pivotal Research. Your line is open.
Brian Wieser  Pivotal Research: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I was wondering you know then given the the lingering delays in the Publicis Omnicom merger, do you think that's helping with the account activity at the present time?
Michael Isor Roth: Brian, I get that question a lot. I can't point to any specific clients that are in play if you will as a result as the potential merger. But there is always that kind of uncertainty that's out there. But I can't say specifically and anything we hearing anecdotally it is just that its anecdotal. Our view is we're competing against the same players we completely against before. And frankly until that transaction is closed both Omnicom and Publicis are going in the market on as separate companies anyhow. So it's kind of businesses usual in the RFP world. But I think there is a lingering issue over that, certainly the conflict issue is there and but we haven't seen huge transformation if you will because of the conflict frankly one of the issue is -- when is these things going to happen and if its going to happen at all and I think the point-- the key questions is client awaiting to see the same things that everybody else is waiting to see.
Brian Wieser  Pivotal Research: Obviously no status quo for now.
Michael Isor Roth: I think that's the reality of it. We have always seen recruiting opportunity, yes. Have we been able to add some very talented people to our company as a result of this I'd say somewhat yes. But really the true impact of this is yet to be see and we're all -- the client as well as all of are in the business are waiting to see what happens.
Brian Wieser  Pivotal Research: Okay. And the second I just wondering we know that Huge and RGA are obviously doing very well but is the profit profile of those agencies and may be its not them specifically but digital and agencies of that nature generally better than, comparably well run conventional agencies?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, one of the things about digital, they are more pitching in activity than some of the others because some of their businesses is project based. So therefore the new business pitches expenses. We saw that frankly at our RGA last year and we call that out in our yearend results and frankly we saw the results of that in the first quarter that RGA had a particularly good first quarter on the new business front. So I think what you see is more new business pitch activity and expenses but overall there margins have been very solid and they've been among our better performing agency. So we'll take that type of pitch expense anytime given the conversion rates that we're seeing in our digital agencies.
Brian Wieser  Pivotal Research: Got it. Thank you very much.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Brian. Next question please?
Operator: James Dix, Wedbush. Your line is open.
James Dix  Wedbush Securities Inc.: Hey, good morning guys. Just a two things, in terms of the new business activity Michael, you indicated it was fairly active. Is there any key accounts where you defending at least in part maybe in some of these integrated pitches, I'm just curious what the puts and takes might be there on some of those, some of that bigger activity. And then I guess just secondly I know you have historically said you're quite comfortable being a little overweight and your U.S. business mix and it look like you had another strong quarter if you exclude the pass-through in the first quarter. But is it possible given your strength in the international growth that international might actually outpace your overall growth this year, I am just curious about how you seeing the geography shape up. Thanks.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, what's interesting is Asia-Pac became our second largest market. So there 12% the next big is the Europe I guess, its 10%. Now we got there both by the growth in the Asia-Pac and the decline we had in Continental Europe, so that's part of it. But yes, there is no question that we're seeing an increase in Latin America as well and eventually we'll like to see that. Right now we're 57% in the U.S., 60% North America. We would like to see that a little bit less than 60% and more in the markets but it's going to take it some time to get there and the rest of the world increased. And the next question was on pitches. The most notable pitch page that public, and I had this page with public is of course the Microsoft page which we are in the final stages and we're retaining the international media part of the business of Microsoft that's we're pitching as well as hopefully increasing our business opportunity both in the media and creative and collaboration and deployment part of the business. Its a pitch, it's probably the biggest pitch out there right now and we've got a great offering there and we're quite pleased with what we put forth and frankly how some of the other holding companies as well, so we're continuing to push that. But we do have a couple of government mandatory reviews out there but other than those of the only big pitches that are out there.
James Dix  Wedbush Securities Inc.: Just one follow-up on that. So the international media is already been carved out or set aside that you're going to keep out or is that just part of the overall pitch? Got it, got it.
Michael Isor Roth: Yeah, so this the way pitches structure that I don't like to go to details, but everything on the table other than a couple of parts of the visit they're step out. But for long intends and purposes the media is up for review, we do the international part of the media and we're (inaudible) the international part and hopefully adding to that.
James Dix  Wedbush Securities Inc.: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Next question Tracy Young Evercore. Your line is open.
Tracy Young  Evercore: Yes, hi. Thanks so much for the color on the U.K. and the pass-throughs. Can you give us any guidance towards second quarter, how we should be thinking about the same issue. And then also could you give us some sense of the (indiscernible) in business for first quarter how that built throughout the quarter? Thanks.
Michael Isor Roth: Monthly basis?
Tracy Young  Evercore: Yeah, just generally.
Michael Isor Roth: We don't give monthly numbers if you will. The trend if you will is continues to be positive and so that's was just of your question is the answer is yes.
Tracy Young  Evercore: Yeah, thanks.
Michael Isor Roth: Okay. 
Frank Mergenthaler: And on the past those Tracy.
Michael Isor Roth: Yeah, our visibility is (indiscernible) is a project based if the material up in any quarter we'll call out, so you folks out line of side.
Tracy Young  Evercore: Okay. Thank you.
Michael Isor Roth: You're welcome.
Operator: Final question is Richard Tullo, Albert Fried Company. Your line is open.
Richard Tullo  Albert Fried Company: Hey guys, thank you for taking my questions just two quick one. Well, first of all congratulations on great execution on the cost side the equation.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you.
Richard Tullo  Albert Fried Company: Healthcare.
Michael Isor Roth: That on the revenue side either.
Richard Tullo  Albert Fried Company: No. Would you guys I think the, I never loosely over the revenue side the equation is just the cost side of the equation is seems to be the focused. Healthcare, how much of the growth was due to new drugs or the rollout of Obama Care, because that seems to be moved a little bit there?
Michael Isor Roth: Yeah, that's healthcare was a double-digit growth that before us. There is no question, we do have some big engagements on healthcare particularly in California on the side of the business and that helped in terms of our growth in healthcare, we want break out how much, but it was clearly effective for us in that growth. But healthcare, I don't have the breakdown in terms of new drug versus old, but if you recall one of the reasons last year that healthcare didn't perform as well as we would like was a lot of drugs will coming (inaudible) and I do think as part of the a activity in healthcare right now, we are a number of new drugs that are out there, that are contributing to the growth in that segment.
Richard Tullo  Albert Fried Company: Okay. And a little bit treat about this AOL deal. Can you please provide a little color on what the (inaudible) from other thing is that go on and (inaudible) or?
Michael Isor Roth: Its all part of it in. here basically what we're trying to do in terms of the program part of our business is to get as much course platform inventory in one place. And the partnership with AOL is continues, because we have a number of partnerships with AOL, they're like wind in terms of seen the growth of a digital platforms all coordinating in one place and therefore since we are committed to having at least 50% of our media placed in the digital program although space over the next couple of years. The partnership with AOL. Frankly we have partnerships also with clear channel if you will (inaudible) this is all part of our course platform mobile as well as TV buying if you would and the AOL is kick start to that, it's a data test and we'll pretty excited about what we're seeing there.
Richard Tullo  Albert Fried Company: As we get into mobile, what point you think in terms of focus does that over shadow TV. And is there -- and you going to 1% and you think that will reflect on CPM rates and any of the (inaudible) in the equation?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, I don't think there is any question at the growth and mobile will continue to be additional. But it's not the only platform out there. It certainly the one is getting most retention certainly in roller areas where they are any other bandwidth if you will and mobile continues to be strong growth vehicle. We're still learning how to deal with mobile in terms of the impact of mobile and what type of content was unable and mobile versus traditional media. But it will continue to be a strong component of our growth and all of our offerings right now contain a portion of mobile planning and execution and that will continue to grow. I don't think it will replace all other outlets if you will, but certain this growth is indicative with being continued to important factor and what we do.
Richard Tullo  Albert Fried Company: Thank you very much. And congratulations on a terrific quarter.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you very much. Yes, we're very pleased with our quarter. When I saw that (inaudible) we have ended a call earlier and if any call would end earlier would be this one, so that's not to be (inaudible). So I thank you all, we're very pleased with the quarter, we look forward to next call with you and hopefully we'll have similar type results. Thank you very much.
Operator: This does conclude the conference for today. All participants may disconnect at this time. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-14 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerome J. Leshne - SVP of IR Michael Isor Roth - Chairman, CEO and Chairman of Executive Committee Frank Mergenthaler - CFO and EVP
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co. John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Hersh Khadilkar - Morgan Stanley Brian Wieser - Pivotal Research James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Interpublic Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. (Operator Instructions). This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome J. Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com and will refer to both in the course of this call. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks, to be followed by a Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. We believe that these measures provide useful, supplemental data that while not a substitute for GAAP measures allow for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning as we review our results for the fourth quarter and full year. I'll start out by covering highlights of our performance as well as our outlook for 2014 and Frank will then provide additional details. I'll then conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by a Q&A. Beginning with revenue, we're pleased to report a quarter of solid growth in most key world markets led by our outstanding U.S. performance. Fourth quarter organic growth was 3.7%, which is our strongest quarter in two years. For the full year organic growth was 2.8%. This was at the high end of the 2% to 3% range we had targeted entering 2013. In the quarter, standout client categories were auto, retail, healthcare and food and beverage. Regionally, U.S. organic growth in the fourth quarter was 6.9% which reflects the revenue momentum of new business wins and notable strength in digital, media and marketing services. U.S. organic growth for the full year was 3.7%. In Asia-Pac our largest international region, Q4 organic growth was 5.3%, which is on top of a double-digit increase a year ago. We saw a very strong increase in China in both the quarter and full year. For the year, our revenue in Asia-Pac was up 6.4% organically and grew 8.9% including revenue from acquisitions mainly in India. Organic growth in LatAm was 4.5% during Q4. Brazil continues to be strong and we had a double-digit growth in Argentina and Colombia. For the full year, LatAm grew 10.2% organically, reflecting our very competitive position across the region. In the UK fourth quarter organic growth was 4.3% led by increase in digital, marketing services and media. For the full year, organic growth was 0.8% but that includes a very challenging Olympics comparison in the third quarter. For the full year, our underlying growth in the UK was approximately 4%. Continental Europe continued to be the exception in terms of top line performance. Our organic decrease was a negative 4.3% in the quarter which brought the full year to negative 5.9% with decreases in most national markets. Business conditions remained challenging and we have taken important steps to strengthen our offerings in the margin, including new senior hires and recent agency acquisitions such as Profero, a leading UK based global digital agency and Inferno, a respected integrated agency in London. Turning to expenses and margin, as you have seen in our announcement earlier today, our fourth quarter included restructuring expense of $61 million, the majority of which is our investment to align costs with revenue in Europe following the year of significantly lower than anticipated revenue. You will recall then on a previous conference call in October, we indicated that we were considering Q4 actions to address this region. We anticipate savings from these actions of approximately $40 million in calendar year 2014. In combination with strong revenue growth and ongoing expense discipline, these actions strengthen of positioning to deliver growth in operating margin expansion this year and beyond. Excluding the restructuring charge, operating margin in the fourth quarter was 18.1% bringing margin for the full year to 9.3%. Except for currency, total operating profit in 2013 was relatively flat year-on-year. However, we did not attain our margin targets for the year, mainly due to the extent of our revenue decrease in Continental Europe and a significant impact it had on our salary leverage. Two other discrete factors weighed on our margin results. First, a few of our businesses that saw revenue decrease did not cut cost fast enough or the investment in talent for future growth. Second, the investment expense of new business; margin expansion remains a primary area of focus for us which I will detail in discussing our full year 2014 outlook. Our capital structure and financial strength continued to be a source of significant value creation in Q4. We repurchased 12 million common shares in the quarter using $201 million. That brought full year repurchases to 32 million shares using $482 million. At year-end, our total share count including restricted shares and options was 428 million shares which is a decrease over 20% in the past three years. That's the result of a shareholder capital return program that has put $1.6 billion to work over that timeframe. Another financial highlight was significantly stronger cash flow generation for the full year 2013. In addition, our run rate interest expense exiting the year means 2014 interest expense should be $30 million to $35 million lower than fiscal year 2013. Turning to our outlook for 2014, we begin with solid revenue momentum. The strength of our agency brands and our competitiveness on the new business front means we look forward to top line growth that is in line with our industry peers. Compared to this time a year ago, our businesses are also seeing improved climate for marketing investment in many key consumer market. Our agency leaders are generally positive in their outlooks and client projects spending is an important barometer of market sentiment has been healthy. The U.S., our big engine from a regional standpoint, is seeing momentum as we begin the new year. Our assets in important developing markets such as India and Brazil are very strong across the portfolio and the tone in the emerging markets is solid though tempered by some macro uncertainty. The upcoming World Cup should be a positive. We remain cautious in Europe considering all these factors, we believe growth in 2014 should exceed last year's and our organic growth target is a range of 3% to 4%, which is consistent with the forecast from MAGNA for improved growth in the broader media sector. With respect to profitability, we expect the return on our fourth quarter cost actions will contribute 40 to 50 basis points of margin expansion in calendar year '14. Combined with the appropriate level of conversion on 3% to 4% organic growth, our target is therefore to expand operating margin in total by at least 100 basis points in 2014 on top of this year's underlying base of 9.3%. The actions we announced earlier today on the dividend and share buybacks are indicative of our Board's confidence in our outlook. We've increased our dividend 27% to $0.095 per share quarterly or $0.38 per year. In addition, our Board authorized a new 300 million share repurchase plan. This new authorization brings our total outstanding program to 419 million pro forma for the beginning of this year. At this stage, I'll turn things over to Frank for some additional detail on our results and I'll join you after his remarks for an update on tone of business and our agencies to be followed by our Q&A.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael. Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, you'll see an overview of results many of which Michael touched on. Organic growth was 3.7% in the fourth quarter. The U.S. growth was a terrific 6.9%, our fifth consecutive quarter of stronger year-on-year domestic growth. Our international performance was mixed with growth in Asia-Pac, LatAm and the UK but decreases in Continental Europe and other markets. Q4 operating profit was 324 million including 61 million expensed for strategic cost actions, mainly in Continental Europe. Operating margin was 15.3% in the fourth quarter as reported. Before restructuring, Q4 margin was 18.1% and full year operating margin was 9.3%. The payback on our Q4 actions should result in 40 or 50 basis points of margin expansion in '14. For the quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.44 per share and $0.56 per share excluding the restructuring charge. For the full year, diluted EPS was $0.61 per share and would have been $0.78 per share excluding both the $0.11 per share impact of the Q4 restructuring charge and the $0.06 per share impact on our charge in the third quarter with the early redemption of our 10% notes. We provide a reconciliation of reported to an adjusted EPS in the Appendix to our presentation on Page 23. Michael mentioned our Board's actions today to increase our dividend and authorize a new share repurchase plan. These actions underscore the strength of our financial condition and competitiveness of our offerings. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Here it's worth noting that our tax rate in the quarter was 32.9% and an adjusted 30.1% excluding restructuring charge. For the full year, our tax rate 38.7% as reported and 36.2% adjusting for both the Q4 charge and the Q3 charge for debt redemption. This compares to an adjusted tax rate of 2012 of 30.4%, excluding the gain on the sale of our Facebook shares in 2012, which was included in other income. Turning to revenue on Slide 4, revenue was 2.12 billion in the quarter, an increase of 2.9%. Compared to Q4 2012, the impact of the change in exchange rate was a negative 130 basis points while net acquisition added 50 basis points. Resulting organic revenue increase was 3.7%. For the full year, revenue growth was 2.4% consistent with 2.8% organic growth and 70 basis points from net acquisitions while currency was a negative 1.1%. As you can see on the bottom half of this slide, fourth quarter organic growth at our integrated agency network segment was 2.2% with U.S. growth outpacing international growth. At our CMG segment, our organic growth was 11.7%. Growth in the U.S. was very strong across PR, events and sports marketing. Moving to Slide 5, revenue by region. In the U.S. Q4 organic growth was 6.9%. We had outstanding performance by our media business, our digital agencies and our marketing service specialists in CMG, notably events in PR. We also had strong growth in certain of our U.S. integrated independents. Leading client sectors were auto and healthcare. It is worth noting that our revenue with federal government clients increased modestly in Q4 after having decreased during the third quarter.  Turning to international markets. The UK increased 4.3% organically in Q4 led by growth in digital, marketing services and media. For the full year, UK organic growth was 0.8% which reflects a challenging London Olympics comparison from 2012. Underlying growth was approximately 4% led by McCann, media and digital. Continental Europe decreased 4.3% organically in the quarter. We had decreases in Germany, Italy and Spain while France was flat. For the year, revenue decreased 5.9% on an organic basis. And our cost actions in Q4 addressed a similar percentage of our headcount in Europe as well as some office consolidation. In Asia-Pac organic revenue growth was 5.3% in Q4. We had double-digit increase in China which was driven by McCann, media and the marketing services companies within CMG. For the full year, Asia-Pac was 6.4% organically against double-digit growth the year before led by double-digit growth in Australia and China and mid single digit growth in India. Growth was 8.9% for the year including acquisition revenue notably in India. In LatAm we increased 4.5% organically in the quarter due to growth across many of our agencies including media, McCann, CMG and digital. Full year growth was terrific at 10.2% which was fueled by a very broad cross-section of our assets in the region. Our other markets group which was made up of Canada, the Middle East and Africa decreased 6.3% in the quarter on an organic basis, primarily the result of lower pass-through revenues and expenses. On Slide 6, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 2.8% corresponding to calendar year 2013 increasing as the year progressed. Moving on to Slide 7, our operating expenses. In the fourth quarter, total operating expenses increased 5.1% from a year ago before the restructuring charge. Full year operating expenses increased 2.9% compared to 2.4% revenue growth. Our performance in Continental Europe has significant impact on our salaries leverage. As Michael mentioned, our revenue decreased deeper than we had anticipated. We need to align our cost base in this region to the revenue reality. Second, in some of our businesses where revenue decreased, we did not see a corresponding and timely reduction to our payroll or a decision was made to further invest in talent or capabilities to drive growth. Third, the volume of new business one in 2013 was positive, but investment was required to win the business and servicing the business also meant hiring ahead of revenue. That timing was detrimental to margins in 2013. Needless to say, margin will be a critical area of focus for us in 2014. There is no structural reason why we should not continue our progress to a competitive level of margin profitability, and nothing has changed in our outlook that we can drive high levels of incremental margin on our growth. Total headcount at year end was 45,400 which was an increase of 0.4% in Q4 of Q3. That includes some reductions from our restructuring with the majority of restructuring headcount we'll schedule to exit in Q1. From a year-over-year standpoint, total headcount increased 4.9% of which 3.4% was organic and 1.5% was due to acquisitions. Our additions where we are growing in LatAm, Asia Pac and in the U.S. for new business as well as our high growth digital, marketing services and media disciplines.  In Q4 our ratio of base payroll benefits the tax expense to revenue was 44.9% compared with 44.3% a year ago. For the full year that ratio was 52.9% compared with 52.2% in the prior year. Q4 expense for temporary labor was 3.4% of revenue which is 20 basis points higher than last year and somewhat higher than we'd like to see. For the full year, our temp ratio of 3.6% was equal to the level over a year ago. Incentive expense was 3% of Q4 revenue and also 3% of revenue for the full year which was the same level as full year 2012. Our other salaries and related category was 4.6% of fourth quarter revenue and was 3.2% of revenue for the full year, which is an increase of 20 basis points for the year. Our increase for the full year is due to higher performance-based bonuses at the local and regional operating levels. Turning to office and general expenses on the lower half of the slide. O&G expense was 25.3% of Q4 revenue and 26.9% for the full year which is an improvement of 20 basis points for the full year. As you can see in the Appendix we held steady on both professional fees and our travel, supplies and telecom as a percentage of revenue. Our expense for occupancy grew a little faster than revenue resulting in 10 basis points of deleveraging. We leveraged the O&G category by 30 basis points for the year. On Slide 8, we share our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 8.4% which includes our Q4 restructuring expense of about 61 million and 9.3% before that expense. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 9, we ended the year with 1.64 billion of cash and short-term marketable securities. You'll remember that our cash balance a year ago included 800 million that had been raised in November 2012 debt issuance to prefund debt redemption in 2013. Under the short-term liabilities section, the current portion of long-term debt reflects in November 2014 maturity of our six and a quarter notes. On Slide 10, we turn to cash flow. Cash from operations in Q4 was 1.02 billion compared with 802 million a year ago. The comparison includes 657 million of working capital in this year's fourth quarter which is a very strong result compared with 408 million a year ago. This continues to be an area of focus. For the full year, cash from operations was 593 million compared with 357 million in 2012. As a reminder, our operating cash flow is seasonal. Our business tends to generate significant cash working capital in the fourth quarter and a use of cash working capital in the first quarter. Investing activities in Q4 used 97 million, mainly for capital expenditures. For the full year, CapEx was 173 million while net cash used in acquisitions was 62 million. Our M&A pipeline continues to be very strong. While timing can shift between periods, we continue to target 150 million to 200 million annually. We remain focused primarily on high growth disciplines and markets expanding our digital capabilities and opportunistically strengthening our presence in world markets. Moving on, our financial activities used 256 million in Q4, mainly 201 million for the repurchase of our common stock and 32 million in common stock dividends. Order included the payment of our final quarterly preferred stock dividend which was 3 million. For the full year, our financing activities used 1.2 billion which chiefly reflects 602 million in retirement of our 10% notes, 482 million repurchase common stock and 126 million for dividends of our common shares. As I mentioned, we had pre-financed some of this activity with our November 2012 debt issuance which was 800 million. In 2013, our net decrease in cash and marketable securities for the full year was 949 million. Cash taxes for the year were 112 million which is 19.5% of our adjusted pretax income. We continue to benefit from our operating loss carryforwards and a cash tax rate lower than our effective book rate. In 2014 we estimate our cash tax rate will be in the range of approximately 20% to 22%. On Slide 11 we show our debt deleveraging are nearly 700 million from 2007 to 2013 which includes the temporary increase at year end 2012. Our debt level at year-end 2013 was 1.66 billion. Slide 12 shows the total of our average basic plus diluted shares over the last few years. On the far right shows the total as of year-end 2013. This has been a dynamic and positive area of focus for us. Average total shares have decreased approximately 21% between 2010 and 2013. Our starting position for 2014 is 428 million on the right which is 3.4% lower than 2013 average. As we have pointed out with our Board's actions announced this morning, our repurchase authorization currently totals 419 million. Turning to Slide 13, in summary, stronger U.S. growth was an encouraging note to conclude the year and look ahead to 2014. We began the new year in a stronger competitive position compared to a year ago and having taken necessary actions in Europe, our focus for 2014 will be to drive margin expansion. Our financial strength continues to be a source of value creation. As a result, we enter the year having significantly reduced our share count and lowered our cost of debt and with a higher dividend. With that, let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Frank. While we make significant progress on a number of important fronts in 2013, we enhanced the senior talent across the organization with particular focus on strategic, creative and digital leadership. We've retained major clients which was a key area of focus going into the year. We also built on those existing relationships and we showed well in the new business arena. This was particularly the case on holding company level consolidations where we won four of the five major reviews in which we participated. Our year-end organic revenue growth returned to competitive levels and we finished the year strongly in the United States. During 2013 we took additional steps to bolster the company's already strong financial position, which has allowed us to invest behind the high growth sectors within our portfolio, while we're also returning considerable capital to our shareholders. Overall, our offering is strong. We're meeting the needs of our clients, our effectively engaging with consumers in a fragmented, dynamic and fast-moving marketing landscape. This means putting strategic insights, digital capabilities and integrated ideas at the center of all our agencies. It's about being highly creative, fast and flexible and using data and analytics to promote accountability. Media brands and CMG both continue to lead the way, performing at very high levels and building outstanding digital capabilities notably in the areas of social media and content creation. We've taken a leadership position and (indiscernible) media buying and established the MAGNA Consortium, partnering with a number of major media owners. MAGNA also just released high definition buying, the industry's most comprehensive, scalable data stack to optimize audience targeting across all devices and media channels. Media brands also want significant reviews against top competitors, such as the global Hershey's assignment and nationwide. This led to media brands being made the Holding Company of the Year by MediaPost. CMG follows suit on the industry-leading PR capabilities at Weber Shandwick, Golin Harris and Devries contributed to IPG winning the first designation as Holding Company of the Year from The Holmes Report. As a result, we're seeing our CMG company particularly the PR agencies gain further market share. McCann showed very strongly major award shows around the world. The agency's Dumb Ways to Die work has become the most awarded creative campaign in the history of our industry, and the agency has become an attractive destination for top talents. Their competitive offering includes global consumer advertising, CRM digital and experiential capabilities. This is reflected in new client assignments from both existing partners like GM and new ones like the US Postal Service, Lockheed Martin and Zurich Insurance who have played a key role on our cross IPG team. Lowe continued to do great work with its largest client, particularly in high growth and BRIC markets. The agency was also essential to a number of new business wins, notably Cadillac which led to a merger with Campbell Ewald that is making good progress and will further be accelerated with the addition of Profero on the digital front. R/GA, HUGE and MRM are among the industry's most innovative agencies with best-in-class capabilities across the digital spectrum, including mobile, social, UX [ph] and tech development. All three of these agencies continue to grow and expand their geographic footprints. Our integrated U.S. independent includes some of the most dynamic agencies in the business such as Hill Holiday, Martin and Deutsch. Mullen in particular had a breakout year in 2013. Draftfcb has also shown the positive impact of talent upgrades across the network in offices such Shanghai and New York as well as capabilities by strategic planning and a new agency CMO. Carter and his team are working well together as evidenced by the recent win on Levi's, an uptick in new business activity and the soon to be announced win of Trulia. At the holding company level, we outperformed all of our competitors by winning 30% of the Grand Prix awarded at Cannes, the industry's most important creative competition and we recently outpaced our peers with three agencies on the preceded AdAge A list; Mullen, Weber Shandwick and R/GA as well as another three on the list of agencies to watch. This reflects the quality of our talent and the range of resources that we can bring to bear on behalf on our clients. We are equally strong in many of the world's high growth regions, which we see as a source of further growth for us. We have strong offerings in all of our global networks in Brazil and India where we've been active in M&A on behalf of media brands at CMG. We will continue to build in China largely through organic investment and the results there in 2013 validate that approach. We have a strong and effective partnership in Russia and we will remain active on the M&A front with targeted deals notably in digital, marketing services and media as well as tactically to address geographic areas of need, we'll capitalize on specific client opportunities. Our balance sheet has been and will continue to be a source of significant value creation. We've been very effective in deleveraging while returning 1.6 billion to shareholders since initiating the current dividend and share repurchase program in 2011. Our Board's actions announced today build on that success, which demonstrate their confidence in the strength of our financial position and our agencies as well as their belief in the opportunities that lie ahead of us. By achieving our 2014 growth target of 3% to 4% and given the cost actions we have taken in Q4, we are confident that we can convert at a high level and resume our long-term trajectory of margin expansion. This will result in at least 100 basis points improvement. Our margin goal is therefore 10.3% or better. This will position us to further enhance shareholder value in the years to come. We are looking forward to a strong 2014 and we thank you for your time and your continued support. At this time, I'll open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). The first question today is from Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co.: Thank you. I just wanted to follow-up on the relatively weak margins in the quarter. I know Europe was a huge challenge in the quarter, but it looked like you had such good growth elsewhere? And I guess given the relatively small size of Europe, I'm surprised  I guess the positive offering that you probably had given the strong growth else, I'm surprised to see you didn't see much more of an offset?
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, that's a fair question and obviously Alexia, that's a key question that we try to address in our opening remarks. In particular since its yearend, we are a little more detailed in our presentation, so forgive us for that. But I look at it in a simple way. There are three buckets that we look at when we compare our targets and our actual results. The first obviously is weakness in Continental Europe which you point out. If you look at its percentages versus our goal, that's an excess of 60% of the mix, if you will, versus our target. If you add on top of that, so obviously the bulk of it is from Europe notwithstanding its size, okay. The second pieces as we talked about is the ramp up  the failure to reduce our salaries ahead of some revenue weakness as we had in some of our agencies. Part of that was that we were investing in the future in terms of talent. Remember, 2013 is a year where we had some changes in our structural agencies in terms of leadership and as a result, we had some replacements and obviously new leadership and new talent across strategic, creative and frankly management leading those agencies. So that's the second bucket. And obviously we didn't cut fast enough against some of the revenue shortages which is reflected in those ratios. The third bucket has to do with new business. Particularly, we saw a lot of new business expenses on the digital side from our agency and it's reflected in our new business wins which were positive in 2013, which is why we're comfortable when we talk about how all of this is going to convert into 2014. If you just look at the expense that we took in terms of the restructure, because we look at 40 million to 50 million return in 2014 which is a pretty good base return. The question is why aren't we seeing a 100% of it? And obviously when you take out people in Europe, it has caused us a little more than in the United States. The second part of it has to do with structurally in our refinancing, we have $30 million to $40 million of savings on our interest expense. So when you put all that together, we're disappointed in not achieving our margin in 2013 but I think what's clear is we took some significant actions to position ourselves for 2014 which is why we're comfortable with a 100 basis point expansion in our margin given the 3% to 4% organic revenue growth in 2014. So I hope that clarify  those three buckets are critical in terms of why we missed against our target. And let me just reiterate. The reason I talked about our target was as I said given  you pull out currency from an operating income point of view, we were relatively flat. So, the tone of our business wasn't as difficult as it was reflected in some of the deceases in margin that you saw.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co.: Yes, Michael, that's very helpful. But I guess on the two other buckets besides Europe spend and since you reiterated them, just two questions on that. One, when does the new business ramp become a positive contributor to margin, more of a tailwind than a headwind? And then on the two businesses that sort of dragged outside of Europe that you highlighted, did the restructuring also sort of address those, will we see better performance out of those two other businesses as well?
Michael Isor Roth: Clearly we keep that in mind when we look at performance in 2014. So the answer to that is yes. I'm sorry, what was the first part of the question?
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co.: The new business ramp which has been very impressive now for a while, I guess when does that become a tailwind versus a headwind?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, it's a tailwind going into the first half of the year. So notwithstanding, we had a few client losses in the last part of 2013. But even that for the first half of the year '14, we should be positive and have tailwinds, which is part of the growth that we anticipate in 2014.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co.: Okay, thank you very much.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Michael, sticking to Europe I think you went into last year thinking it would maybe be flattish to down slightly. So when you look out to this year, is the base case that organic grows? I need to clarify. Is that $40 million of savings all in Europe and can margins grow in a declining revenue environment there?
Michael Isor Roth: 40 million is not in all Europe, all right. Obviously, the majority of it is. And yes, while we were disappointed in terms of how we managed in 2013 and the negative performance in Europe, which is what gave rise to the restructuring and how we starting looking at that. Our plans for 2014 did not call for a major recovery in Continental Europe but it does call for a leveling loss, if you will. So that's build into our forecast for 2014.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And then maybe on a similar related note, you made some senior changes at your agencies, as you know. At this point, is it fair to say the leadership team and the associated cost are in place? I'm just trying to understand if there is risk to margin from future investment and talent?
Michael Isor Roth: You're right on. That's what I was alluding to rather than just focusing on revenue declines. When I said we made investments in growth, we saw major additions at McCann, at Draftfcb and Lowe and frankly some of our independent agencies which frankly is one of the reasons we saw improvement and our new business wins and how we're pretty excited about the pipeline that we have going into 2014. So 2013 the way I look at it was we finished very strong on the revenue side and we right-sized as best we can our European operations. Let's not forget we also did two acquisitions to help us. Inferno is a good addition for Draftfcb and we expect to see some improvement in Continental Europe as a result of that and Profero which a great addition for the Lowe network. So, yes, we made investments in talent. And, of course, McCann we saw additions of individuals like Rob Reilly in particular on the creative side and McCann reflecting in its new business win and it's a win in terms of recognition for its creative side. We're feeling very good about the prospects for McCann on a global basis going into 2014. So, yes, we continued to invest in our talent and I'm very comfortable with the leadership we now have across all of our networks. We made changes in some of our independents. Karen Kaplan was made Chairman and CEO of Hill Holliday. We have Alex in Mullen taking over there and we merged Campbell Ewald with Lowe. So, I think we are very well positioned from a competitive point of view going into 2014.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Thanks, Michael. Let me do one last quickly to Frank, I'm sorry, but Frank on the 100 basis points as a base case for the margin, is it fair to say maybe 80 of that is SRS and 20 is O&G?
Frank Mergenthaler: The majority, John, without putting a specific number is definitely coming out of SRS. We continue to make progress but we're ahead of the target that we had set with respect to percentage of revenue and we'll still chip away, but it's got to come out of SRS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Thanks, Frank.
Frank Mergenthaler: You're welcome.
Michael Isor Roth: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks, guys. Switching back to the revenue side, I guess  from the outside, my general assumption would have been the bulk of the new business was sort of global as you've been winning it fairly evenly split and I'm trying to understand the massive SKU like, I sort of get the domestic for the European-related weakness on international, but just enormous growth domestically and then kind of overly anemic growth internationally, is there a SKU of new business wins? How much of it is about the market versus share gains? And how do we extrapolate a runway, like is that  does the next year look kind of really disproportionately big domestic growth and far more muted international or do you think that we see some convergence over the next couple of quarters?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, let's not forget the fact that 50% of our revenue comes from the United States, 56%. So obviously that's a very strong driver. And frankly that's been the exciting part of the growth in the United States because so much of our business comes from that place. If you look at our marketing services businesses as well, a fair chunk of that is coming here in the United States. If you look at the global part of it, we saw great growth in Brazil, China and India. There was slight pullback in Q4 for 2013 but on a year-to-date basis, we saw double-digit growth in most of those markets which pulled back a little in the fourth quarter. So we're expecting to see continued strong results in LatAm as well as in Asia Pac, but a lot of it SKU between 56% of business comes from the United States which frankly is a good thing from our perspective. But if you look at where we've made investments in acquisitions, we strengthened our disciplines in India with acquisitions, we did a few acquisitions in LatAm which helped us and obviously in Europe I already covered some of the acquisitions. Our pipeline for the future acquisitions is frankly more global than U.S. So our goal here is obviously to increase our exposure in the growth markets and participate that way. But I think we saw some pullback in the international markets that I just referred to in the fourth quarter and that led to the SKU-ing, if you will, of a greater portion in the U.S.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: I guess just a follow-up, maybe ask one more question which would be, could you talk about of that domestic growth, how would you split it between sort of new business won versus  over the past trailing couple of quarters like new business won versus existing client spend? Can we look at it that way?
Michael Isor Roth: One thing I forget is our independent agencies. Obviously, we have very strong independent agencies which are frankly more domestic and there were very successful. We looked at Mullen with its win at Acura and a couple of our other independent agencies Deutsch, the Martin agency, we have new business wins there. Look, new business wins are great. It takes a while for them to really flow though in terms of our margin. We've always said our strength in our existing clients and if you look at our top clients, we saw 6% growth on a worldwide basis in our top 20 clients and that has been and will continue to be the source of strength and growth for our company. Obviously when we get up to bat in terms of new business wins as I indicated, we're doing fairly well and with the addition of all the new talents and just look this morning; Draftfcb, the announcement on  I gather. I said soon to be announced but here it was announced. They picked up Trulia. So, we added new talent obviously under Carter's leadership and we're seeing results already coming into place. So, new business is great. We're going to hopefully win more than we lose if there are any. But the key source of our strength is our existing global clients and existing clients and the growth from those.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you very much.
Michael Isor Roth: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Isor Roth: We almost moved you there, Ben.
Hersh Khadilkar - Morgan Stanley: Hi. This is Hersh Khadilkar actually on for Ben. Two question, actually. First, was there any impact from pass-through revenues in 4Q '13? And then second, I know you've taken a lot of questions on this already, but given the new business momentum that you had in '13, I mean relative to the industry, is it fair to assume you can outperform in '14 or are there other kind of headwinds we should thinking about? Thanks.
Michael Isor Roth: I'll let Frank answer the pass-through but we think given the talent, we should outperform our industry every year, okay. And by investing in our new talent across McCann, Draftfcb, Lowe and our independent from our perspective we think the answer to that should be yes. And frankly that's why we invested in the talent that we have. What I'm really pleased about is the result of these awards and where we stand. I know that doesn't put money in the bank per se, but the reputation overall for all of our networks on the creative side, on a competitive basis has really come through in 2013 and that should give rise to  an advantage to our kind of new business wins. No one wants to bring in the 10th rated creative agency when they're calling on consultants to bring in agencies. So that's in McCann, for example, Harris has been focusing on strengthening the creative bench there because you add that on top of the distribution and the strength and the offerings that they have on a global basis, it's just very competitive for us and the same with all our other agencies. So yes, we like to think we're going to outperform in the marketplace and frankly, I know the question is 3% to 4% guidance for 2014 may seem like  what I said was we should be competitive with our peers. So if the industry is above 4%, I certainly would expect us to be competitive. But going into the year it's kind of difficult for us. This industry is hard enough to predict where we're going to come out on a quarterly basis and we proved that. But on a full year basis we'd like to start the year out more on a macro basis which is why frankly MAGNA puts out a release and so does our competitors and our forecast for the year is consistent with that. Our goals of course are to do better.
Frank Mergenthaler: Hersh, on the pass-through question, on a consolidated basis it was very small.
Hersh Khadilkar - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Michael Isor Roth: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Brian Wieser with Pivotal Research.
Michael Isor Roth: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Wieser - Pivotal Research: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. First of all, there have to be some good signs in Europe. I mean last quarter alone I think with some key account wins. So the question is what aspect in particular is going badly? And maybe the reason I ask is if you were us and you were to try to look at what to look for, for signs of improvement in the country level, is it agency specific? Any color you can offer on that would be useful. And then a second question. Yesterday you saw the news obviously with Mediabrands and Comscore and Rentrak, but it's not  it occurred to me it's not as if you're replacing Nielsen for anything. I'm curious, when you think about spending money on research or when your agencies think about spending money on research, do they tend to think about it more as an investment in new client wins or when those incremental costs come up, is it more  there's a specific client who is willing to pay for it, I'm just wondering how to read through to that and getting in terms of the invest in the future versus an actual revenue generating opportunity?
Michael Isor Roth: Let me talk about the research. Research is obviously very important and everything we're trying to do at Mediabrands is to target those dollars and be most effective in where we put it. The more data we can access, of course all the different outlets whether it mobile, whether it Internet or TV, the better we are in allocating our client dollars to be more effective on a real-time basis. The stuff that we announced today in terms of high definition, we've already put the work on some clients, so the answer is obviously you work with your existing clients but when you're in competitive pitches, it's nice to show that you have a competitive advantage or an exclusive arrangement with these top providers of research that puts you ahead of the competition. So it's a combination of existing clients where we've continued to maximize the effectiveness of the dollars that we're managing on behalf of our clients and frankly to put us in a competitive advantage in the marketplace. And I think on the program side with respect to Mediabrands, the team  Matt and the team have been a great proponent of new ways of looking at spending those dollars that we effectively did. So, you can spend less dollars and be more effective and this is how you keep existing clients happy and you win new business. So we're very excited about what's happening over there. As far as Europe, we did have -- Lowe won (indiscernible), so we did have new business wins in Europe and frankly McCann in the UK is showing good signs of recovery and we had good performance both across our marketing services in McCann and UK. And now we're looking to expand our footprint in Continental Europe. We're not running away from it. But the fact is it is 11% of our  Continental Europe was 11% of our revenue. And if there's one client that pulls back, it has a more material impact on our results. The other side of that is if we win something big, we'll have a better performance in Continental Europe. So 11% is not insignificant and I don't want anyone to think we're not investing in Continental Europe. I think we have some good offerings and strong offerings and we will continue to focus on that market. It's an important market for us. But given the fact that it's 11%, sometimes we see volatility in those results that are client specific or frankly region specific. And so that's how we look at it.
Brian Wieser - Pivotal Research: Okay. But is there any  based on what you're expecting for the year, even in a world that's flat, is it a particular discipline that  because it does seem like the CMG seems to be clearly doing well all around but is it more of a  on the media agency side, creative agency side, anything if you had to guess?
Michael Isor Roth: No, I think it's across the board. Obviously some of our agencies we had to make some senior management changes and we're looking at some strategic bolt-on transactions that will help us on the talent side. So, it's across the board and yes, McCann as I said is doing strong in the UK. CMG is performing well and we expect those kinds of investments to continue and to perform well in that market. And the right-sizing of our agencies is something we've been spending time with and that's why we said in October that we're going to take a hard look at matching our expenses and our revenue and frankly, if we overshot the runway on the expense side, we can always go to our talent base. And so, I think we really repositioned ourselves to take all of that into consideration for 2014.
Brian Wieser - Pivotal Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from James Dix with Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Michael Isor Roth: Good morning.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Two questions. First, just Michael, you talked a little bit about the lift of the net new business heading into 2014. Any quantification you have on that because I know going into prior years, net new business has been more of a drag. So I just wanted to see whether there was anything we could focus on in contrasting your outlook for 2014? And then secondly, just following up on something you said, Frank, although, Michael, you've addressed it as well, in terms of there's really no structural reason why you can't get the competitive margins. Just wondering what you consider a structural reason versus a non-structural one? For example, a year ago, someone might have argued, well, your position in Europe, given its scale, could have been argued to be a structural impediment. It seems as though you've taken some actions with the restructuring and other things you're doing on the M&A side and other areas to address that. So, I just want to see if you could give a little more color on what you mean by that and how you feel like your structural position has improved over the past year, if you think it has? Thanks.
Michael Isor Roth: Structural by definition we have  most of our models at variable cost model. So as long as we have leverage we can pull when revenue isn't there, therefore we don't think that's a structural. Whether it be salaries or incentives is another variable cost that we had to pull. Structural is that if we can't weather the fixed cost, whether it be rent, whether it be markets where we can't take out the expenses and even our revenue, whether we have agencies in markets that don't perform and we can't exit those markets, those are all structural impediments that frankly in the past it took us years to overcome. We exited  in the early days we exited 50 different markets which frankly were impediments to our growth and we made tough decisions on that. So I think we  by going to certain global centers, if you will, we've minimized the effects of structural impacts and we're much more on a variable course at the structure right now. Did you want to add anything to that, Frank?
Frank Mergenthaler: No. James I think Michael hit it. If there is a line of sight for us to get to a competitive margin and to get there we have to take actions or pull levers; that's where we are today. And if we don't think we can get there that's structural and we believe we've made the structural changes in our portfolio, so it comes down to execution. I think the challenge though is the decision every management team makes about cost reduction when there's pressure on revenue versus investment, because if you just live for short-term margins, eventually you're going to erode the value of your enterprise. So there's the debate that we saw in the fourth quarter where we saw some businesses where revenue pulled back and we made some tough decisions around headcount reductions primary Europe. We also made some decisions around the need to invest in positions for '14.
Michael Isor Roth: On your question of new business, you're right. We used to call out 3% headwind going into the year and we took the liberty of adding that to our results to show that we had competitive offerings. Going into '14 as I indicated in the first half of the year, I'd say we have tailwinds in the 1% range. Of course at the end of the year we did have some client losses that are taken into effect. But I'd use that as  but yes, that's about the right number. And obviously we helped to increase that. We had a number of pitches up in the review and hopefully we'll be successful on those.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Great. Thanks very much for the color.
Michael Isor Roth: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. We are nearing the bottom of the hour, so I'll turn the call back over to speakers for any closing thoughts.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, as we've said, you can tell obviously 2013 was an interesting year for us. What we are excited about is going into 2014. We made some hard decisions in 2014 and we finished the year very strong. I had indicated we were looking for a strong close into '13 and we did it on the revenue side and we're repositioning our businesses for '14. So, we're looking forward to our next call and thank you all for your support.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. Thank you very much for joining. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Michael Isor Roth - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome J. Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com and will refer to both in the course of this call. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks, to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning as we review our results for the quarter and 9 months year to date. As usual, I'll start out by covering the key highlights of our performance. Frank will then provide additional detail. I'll conclude with an update on our agencies, to be followed by Q&A. Beginning with revenue, we're pleased to report a quarter of solid growth in most key world markets and across our top 20 clients. Our organic growth was 2.8% in Q3. In the U.S., our growth was 3.7%, accelerating from the first half of the year, reflecting growth by McCann, Mediabrands and our PR agencies, as well as our digital capabilities across the portfolio. The leading client sectors helping to drive growth in the U.S. were auto and transportation, health care, consumer goods, food and beverage and financial services. It bears noting that given our strong portfolio of domestic public sector clients, U.S. organic growth was adversely affected by 100 basis points in the third quarter as a result of the government cutbacks. In the Asia Pac region, organic growth was 11.3%, reflecting strength in most national markets including double-digit growth in Australia, India and China across a broad range of our agencies. Asia Pac, now our largest international region, grew to nearly 13% of our revenue base for the third quarter. In the LatAm region as well, our agencies continued their strong performance with revenue up 8% organically in Q3. We've grown the market by approximately 50% organically over the past 3 years. In the U.K., we decreased 9.3% organically, but last year's 25% Olympics-related growth was a particularly steep comparison. Underlying revenue growth remains solid. Excluding events, the U.K. grew 5.7%. It's worth noting that the Olympics revenue in Q3 '12 contributed over 1% to our total growth last year, making this year's overall Q3 comparison more challenging by that amount. Against the context of growth in most major regions, Continental Europe remained the exception. As we have seen in the first half, our results continue to reflect the region's challenging economic conditions with revenue decreasing 5.9% in Q3. During the third quarter, we continue to build on a strong new business record for the year. We added notable headline media assignments with Hershey's and Nationwide Financial. Our Lowe London office successfully defended its Morrisons assignment, and Draftfcb similarly retained the Kmart creative work in U.S. Both were important votes of confidence from valued clients, as was McCann's win of Pillsbury. Along with significant wins earlier in the year, this makes new business for the first 9 months of 2013 a highlight of our performance. Turning to operating expenses and margin in the quarter. We were pleased to again record another quarter of disciplined expense management. Q3 operating margin grew by 40 basis points to 8.3% from 7.9% a year ago. The comparison includes the impact of Continental Europe, which weighed on our margin results for the quarter. Operating profit increased 7.7% to $142 million compared with $131 million in Q3 '12. During Q3, we took another important step in our successful transformation to a simpler and lower cost capital structure. We redeemed our $600 million, 10% notes, which we had refinanced at a blended rate of 3.2%. And as you can see in our report this morning, we've already begun to realize significant interest savings from this transaction. We also remain committed to our share repurchase program, buying in an additional 6.2 million shares using $100 million. Since initiating our return of capital programs in 2011, we've returned a total of $1.3 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends and the repurchase of 94 million shares. And we've retired an additional 33 million diluted share equivalents through the redemption of convertible debt. We currently have $320 million remaining on our authorization. Following the quarter earlier this month, we reinforced the conversion of our remaining $222 million of convertible preferred stock to 17 million common shares. The transaction eliminates the 12 million annual preferred dividends, and as the preferreds were already dilutive, there's no increase to our fully diluted share count. In Q3, diluted earnings were $0.11 per share as reported and $0.17 per share excluding a charge for the early debt redemption. The latter result compared favorably to EPS of $0.15 a share a year ago. For the 9 months, we are tracking against our targeted organic revenue range of 2% to 3% for the year. In terms of margins, both the macroeconomic conditions and our performance in Continental Europe have been more challenging than expected. In addition, expenses for new business activity have also been significant, while revenue related to our wins is not fully reflected in 2013. We will continue to drive to our target of 50 basis points of margin expansion for the year. However, delivering such a result will depend on a very strong performance in the fourth quarter. Furthermore, we are considering targeted year-end actions required to appropriately position the business for further operating margin expansion in 2014 and beyond. I will talk more about that in the Q&A. At this stage, I'll turn things over to Frank for some additional color and join you after his remarks for an update on our agencies, the tone of the business and our outlook on the remainder of this year.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael. Good morning. As a reminder, I'll be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, you'll see an overview of results. Organic growth was 2.8%, which includes 3.7% in the U.S. and 1.6% internationally. In the U.S., it's our fourth consecutive quarter of stronger growth. Our growth in Asia Pac and LatAm was terrific. Our revenue decreased 9.3% organically in the U.K., which was expected against last year's Olympic revenue in our events business. Excluding that business, organic growth in the market was approximately 5.7%. Continental Europe continued to be weighed down by the difficult regional economy. Q3 operating profit was $142 million, and margin was 8.3%, an increase of 40 basis points from a year ago. We had $1 billion of cash and marketable securities on the balance sheet at quarter end. As Michael mentioned earlier, we completed a very accretive call at 105 of our 10% notes. Our Q3 charge for the transaction was $0.06 per share net of tax. Diluted EPS was $0.11 as reported and $0.17 excluding the debt redemption charge compared with $0.15 last year. Turning to Slide 3. You'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Here, it's worth noting the debt redemption charge of $45 million appears in our other income expense line below operations. It reflects the $30 million cash premium to redeem the 10%, $600 million notes and another $15 million of unamortized costs and discounts. Turning to operations on Slide 4. Revenue was $1.7 billion in the quarter, an increase of 1.8%. Compared to Q3 2012, the impact of change in exchange rates was a negative 140 basis points, while net acquisitions and dispositions added 40 basis points. Resulting organic revenue increase was 2.8%. As you can see on the bottom half of the slide, the organic increase at our Integrated Agency Network segment was 4%, reflecting balanced growth between the U.S. and international markets. At our CMG segment, our organic decrease of 2% was due to last year's Olympics revenue spike in Q3. The very strong performance of our public relation agencies continued in the quarter, and our organic revenue growth at CMG was 6.4% for the 9 months. Moving on to Slide 5, revenue by region. In the U.S., organic growth was 3.7%. This reflects growth in all our global networks, our media business, nearly all of our U.S. independents and the CMG group of marketing service specialists. Continental Europe decreased 5.9% organically. By country, Germany increased in the quarter, while France, Italy, Spain and most other national markets decreased. The continent was 10% of our Q3 revenue. While we have done extensive work over the last few years to lower our expense base in Europe, this is an area we'll be evaluating in the coming months so as to ensure that we manage expenses with current revenue reality, thereby positioning ourselves for operating leverage when growth returns. In Asia Pac, organic revenue growth was 11.3% in Q3. By market, our growth was led by strong increases in Australia, India and China. There are [ph] notable increase in our media business, as well as increases at McCann and our marketing service specialists. In LatAm, Q3 organic revenue growth was 8% with contributions from many of our agencies including Lowe, Mediabrands and CMG across most of large national markets. Our Other Markets group increased 3.1% organically. Moving on to Slide 6. We chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 1.8%, which is updated to include Q3 '13 and the roll-off of Q3 2012. Moving on to Slide 7, our operating expenses. The sequential development of expenses from Q2 to Q3 remained well controlled. Total salaries and related expenses were $1.09 billion, a decrease of $27 million from the preceding quarter. Underneath that comparison, expenses for base salaries, employee benefits and payroll tax decreased $11 million from Q2. Severance expense for the quarter is 1.2% of revenues. Total headcount at quarter end was 45,300, which is an increase of 1% from June 30. We added new talent to support our growth in LatAm, Asia Pac and in the U.S. for new business, as well as our higher-growth digital, marketing services and media disciplines. Our expense for temporary labor was 3.8% of revenues. This is a bit higher than we would have liked due to the high level of pitch activity in the quarter. Incentive expense was 2.2% of Q3 revenue, while other salaries and related category was 2.5% of revenue. It's worth noting that our ratio of total salaries and related expenses to revenue in Q3 was 64.3%, which is higher than last year due almost entirely to the higher level of pass-through revenue in our Olympics work a year ago. The effect on our operating leverage, however, is offset in our O&G expense ratio. We had very strong leverage in the quarter as lower pass-through revenue expenses had the opposite effect. Turning to office and general expenses on the lower half of the slide. O&G expense was $465 million or 27.4% of Q3 revenue. Professional fees decreased sequentially, as did expenses for T&E, office supplies and telecom. Our occupancy expense was approximately flat with Q2 level. Our other O&G category increased from Q2 due to higher pass-through expenses but decreased from the third quarter of 2012. On Slide 8, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 9.7%. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 9. We ended the quarter at $1 billion of cash and short-term marketable securities, which compares to $1.2 billion a year ago. The comparison reflects that we have returned over $540 million to shareholders over the last 12 months through share purchases and common stock dividends. On Slide 10, we turn to cash flow for the quarter. Cash provided by operations was $161 million compared with the use of $104 million a year ago. Working capital was a source of $38 million compared with the use of $240 million in Q3 2012. Our investing activities used $45 million for CapEx. Our financing activities used $730 million, primarily $600 million for the redemption of our 10% notes and $100 million for the repurchase of 6.2 million common shares at an average price of $16.11 per share. Our common stock dividend used $31 million. Slide 11 charts our debt reduction over the past few years, beginning in 2007 with $2.3 billion. We had a short period of double carry following our debt raise last November to refinance 2 debt issues in 2013. That's reflected here on 12/31/2012. Following the redemption of our $600 million, 10% senior notes, however, our debt level was down to $1.7 billion as of September 30. In summary, on Slide 12, we are pleased with our growth in most key world markets in Q3. We built on our 2013 new business record. Our expenses remain well controlled as a result of the investments we have made in analytics, tools and talent in this area. We continue to see developments in our capital structure that are value creating for shareholders. We eliminated a sizable piece of expensive debt, the call of the 10% notes. And the conversion of our convertible preferred frees up $11.6 million in annual dividends that were flowing to the preferred stockholders. Our balance sheet has never been in better shape. We are focused on continuing our top line momentum, managing through the challenges in Continental Europe and expanding margins. Now let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Frank. The underlying strength of our agency brands is driving organic revenue growth. This reflects new assignments from existing clients, as well as net new business, which has been quite strong for us this year. We are new business positive for the year to date and trailing 12 months. Across the organization, the pipeline of opportunities continues to be solid, with the greatest need being for integrated and accountable solutions. During the quarter, we saw contributions from McCann, Mediabrands, Lowe and across the CMG portfolio, particularly at Weber Shandwick and GolinHarris, which continue to win market share domestically and internationally. In fact, earlier this week, the Holmes Report named Interpublic as its first PR Holding Company of the Year. At CMG, Jack Morton, Octagon and FutureBrand also remained on positive trajectories. McCann Worldgroup is showing consistent success on the new business front, both in the U.S. and in a number of international markets. As important, its clients are consistently seeing the strengths of its best-in-class global integrated marketing services. Results from creative competitions also continue to show good progress with recent major wins at regional competitions in Asia and Central Europe. At Draftfcb, we're already seeing new energy since Carter Murray came on board last month. Feedback from across the agency, including clients and staff, has been very positive. We started to see senior talent joining the organization, and we'll soon be reviewing the positioning of agency with the new team with an eye to developing a plan that sets the network up for a resurgence in 2014. Lowe continues to build on its leadership position with its largest client, Unilever. The new alignment with Campbell Ewald in the U.S. is going well, and the joint agency leadership is already in the market, introducing the offering to search consultants. The SEAT win with Huge was an encouraging development that demonstrates the value of Lowe as a top creative network focused on key emerging markets, supplemented by a leading-edge digital partner. Mediabrands continues to win business at both of its global networks while building its leadership in dynamic media landscape with offerings such as ORION Trading and Cadreon digital buying platform, which we have taken global in the past few years. Most recently, the MAGNA Consortium is a clear statement that we will be a leader in the fast-growth automated buying space. Clients value these innovations in today's increasingly complex media environment. In emerging markets, our position remains strong. All 3 of our global networks have high-quality agencies in both India and Brazil. Mediabrands and CMG are also well represented, and we have recently bolstered their offerings through acquisitions. We have one of the top multidiscipline groups in the Middle East and North Africa region, as well as a solid partner in Russia. In China, we continue to invest in talent and organically grow the business. In both the quarter and year to date, we've seen strong results in these key markets off of tough comps from the prior year. With organic revenue growth of 2.4% through 9 months, we are tracking within our targeted revenue growth range of 2% to 3% for the year. In terms of margins, as you've heard this morning, the combination of performance in Continental Europe, which has been lower than expected due to the regional operating environment and increased investment to support new business wins, has made the first 9 months of the year more challenging than anticipated. We will continue to drive to target our 50 basis points of margin expansion in 2013. However, delivering such a result will depend on a very strong performance in the fourth quarter. Performance against both our growth and profitability goals is essential to continuing to drive shareholder value. Accordingly, it is how we are measured and it has direct impact on our incentives. Accountability for delivering on our full year targets is therefore very much in place. We're seeing the teams across the organization are clear on that linkage of pay and performance. Looking forward, it's good to know that this year's business performance is on solid footing. Growth in emerging regions has been strong. Relative to our peers, we are very competitively represented in these high-growth economies. So we should continue to enjoy the benefits of that element of our revenue mix. We're seeing significant progress and success across the portfolio of our digital services. This is an area that's contributed very good growth year to date. We will stay focused on adding to our capabilities organically through hiring and training, as well as incubating and growing newer capabilities such as the multichannel automated media buying. We'll also continue to support the growth of our digital specialist, R/GA, MRM and Huge, on top of tactical digital M&A activity at our major global networks. The transformation of our balance sheet to one that is both simpler and more economical has put us in a strong financial position. Only a few years ago, our total debt was $2.3 billion. Today, that's down to $1.7 billion. Previously, our debt included $800 million of convertible debt. Today, we have no converts. Our average cost of debt was 7% in 2009. Today, it's 4%. A few years ago, we also had a $525 million of convertible preferred stock senior to our common. Today, all of that is gone. And our total eligible diluted share count, which not long ago was $560 million, is down to $441 million, a decrease of over 20%. All of this represents another powerful source of continued value creation for our shareholders. Above all, the ability to help clients manage in an increasingly complex consumer and media landscape represents our most significant opportunity. At a time of change and uncertainty in our industry, what we need to do is keep being committed to servicing our clients and the quality of our work. We've proven that we have sufficient scale and expertise to compete effectively in the media and digital arenas. But bigger doesn't mean better when it comes to creativity, consumer insight, client service or the integration of marketing disciplines. Those are all areas where our agencies excel and in which we have a full range of capabilities that position us well to create further shareholder value in the years to come. Thank you. And I'll now open up the floor to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani of JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First on the U.S. organic growth that you saw in the quarter. Could give us a bit more color in terms of maybe what verticals really saw pickup versus the previous quarters? And on the new business front impacting U.S. organic growth, I guess how much of a ramp of business you saw last year are you seeing now flow into it? And should that ramp further in the fourth quarter?
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Alexia. Well clearly, what you -- given the strength in auto and transportation, it's not a surprise to see how strong we were in the quarter on auto and transportation. Health care also was strong in the quarter. We were up actually 15.5%, as well as consumer goods, food and beverage. We had a slight dip in tech and telecom, but for the year, that's still positive. And financial services was slightly off in the quarter, but again, on a year-to-date basis, we were positive. The one area that we continue to have a bit of a drag is in retail. But across all sectors, we have very strong offerings, and obviously, we're quite pleased with the performance within the U.S. I made reference to the fact that we have a large business of government business, if you will. And we actually -- a lot has been written about impact of the shutdown. And so it was important for us to call that out. And we actually did have an impact in the quarter on our organic as a result of this shutdown. So I know we don't get to back that out, but if you look at the 100 basis points, then you see what our true performance and our strength in the U.S. is reflected. On the question of new business, we haven't seen the full impact of our business wins in 2013, which obviously bodes well for us in 2014. So we start seeing some of it in the third quarter. We'll see more of it in the fourth quarter. But the true impact of our new business wins is in 2014, and as Frank pointed out, we're seeing an impact of ramping up on the cost in our new business pitch expenses through the year.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then in the fourth quarter, should you see a bit of an impact then also in the government shutdown and in the Q4 numbers if you saw it in Q3? And I guess is there any sort of number you guys have internally where you need to get on organic revenue growth estimate in the U.S. to hit that margin target for the year?
Michael Isor Roth: Yes. Thanks, Alexia. Well obviously, when we -- I know it's difficult to understand when we say we expect -- we need a strong fourth quarter. I mean, the result of that is really -- gets to the core issue here, and that is what effect the Continental Europe is having on our results. To put it in context, Continental Europe is 10%, okay, which is not a large number. But the other side of it is it's still important enough. And given the scale that we have, frankly, the lack of scale we have in Continental Europe, changes in Continental Europe for us have an impact on our margin. If you would look to a year-to-date basis, if we were to have performed on the organic side similar to what we performed last year, so let's assume a 2% to 3% drop in organic instead of the rate that we see now, we would have had approximately a 50-basis-point improvement in margin. So Continental Europe is having an effect on our margin. So therefore, when you look at the fourth quarter, unless we see a turnaround in that in the fourth quarter, it's going to be hard for us to achieve those numbers. And that's why we put it in that context. But again, we are seeing positive things happening in the U.K. McCann is performing well, obviously, in the U.K. and in Europe. Gustavo and his team and all of them in the McCann are having good success with existing clients in Europe. So we're doing things to bolster that performance in Europe. And candidly, if you look at the way we've approached Europe in the past, our first line of defense is to right-size our expenses with our revenue, and that's the reference of the comment that we're going to take a look at year-end actions here. Clearly, we need to take a look at that in a very hard light in terms of what our expected revenue is. The other is talent and adding to our portfolio. You've seen us take action in Europe. For example, with Lowe, when we needed to bolster our performance of Lowe in the U.K., we've added an acquisition of Delaney Lund, and that's performing well for us. And therefore, Lowe has been better positioned in the U.K. So we're also looking at talent. And Draftfcb, for example, recruited Nigel Jones from Publicis to head up global strategy. So we're strengthening our offerings in Continental Europe, and we're really positioning ourselves both from the cost side and from the talent side and our offerings to better position ourselves in that marketplace, and that'll include some tactical acquisitions as well. So it is 10%, but we are doing the best we can in terms of rightsizing it, and hopefully, we'll see some turnaround in that market, and we should benefit from that.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Just my question about the government shutdown, that should be, again, a headwind in Q4 as well or do you see...
Michael Isor Roth: Again, we don't know -- you tell me what the government's going to do in the fourth quarter. But fourth quarter involves a lot of project business, and some of that business is project-based. So it's going to be hard for us to project that. But potentially, there's an impact of that in the fourth quarter as well.
Operator: Your next question is from John Janedis of UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Michael, can you dig a little bit deeper into Europe? Your organic growth has been lagging a little bit here. What do you attribute that to? Have you had any leadership changes in those markets? And do you potentially have more exposure to slower-growing disciplines in the region?
Michael Isor Roth: Again, it goes to my point that I answered before, and that is our scale, since it only reflects 10%, changes in our client spend has more material effect on us than, frankly, some of our competitors. And that's a function of our clients. Some clients are spending more than others, and small cutbacks have a more material impact with us. I don't think -- in fact, recently, if you look at how McCann is doing in Europe and the strength, particularly in auto, I think it bodes well for us in terms of our performance. So on the vertical side, I don't believe we have any weaknesses in terms of our competition. I think it really comes down to that our size of our business there is more subject to variations due to fluctuations in local markets and some global spend [ph].
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow-up to Alexia, how big is the government for you? I don't recall it being a huge number. And when exactly did you start to see it? Was that like a late Q2 event? Or what was the timing of that?
Michael Isor Roth: Yes. In the U.S., our global business, on a global basis, like a little bit over 3%. But in the U.S., it's about 3% as well. And we started seeing some cutback in the second quarter, but clearly in the third quarter, we saw that directly. And I think you have to look at not so much the shutdown, but I think sequestration had an impact on that. Government spending was cut across the board, as we all know, as a result of sequestration, and that had a direct impact on our businesses there. And I think we are probably a little bit overweighted on the government side of the business, which is a good thing, but during this period, it adversely affected us.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And maybe, Frank, one quick one for you. You touched on the pressure -- or some of the pressure on the SRS line. You've historically said that you need revenue to see leverage, as we know. Given all you've done, would it be fair to say you need maybe a somewhat more globally consistent number in key markets? And would that number be like a 3% number or greater to see the leverage?
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, John, you're right. We do need revenue, and we need revenue growth. And the impact on our SRS, again, we can keep pointing to Europe, but with such decline in the top line, it distorts all of your key SRS ratios, which we're seeing in the consolidated numbers. So it's not just 3% growth. We need to see stabilization in some of these markets that have been kind of killing us.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just on the expense side then, you've kept them modest. Will there be any catch-up when the revenue accelerates in any market outside of Europe or you're good there?
Frank Mergenthaler: I think we're fine. And we're scrutinizing it. But again, I think we're positioned well once growth comes into markets to leverage it, with the exception of Europe. It's a down roughly 6%, through the 9 months. Our headcount's only down 2% or 3%. So we haven't been able to keep up with the decline. And Michael pointed out, we came into the year thinking a year similar to last year down 2% to 3%. Down 6.5% through 9 months is something we've got to address. When you look at kind of sequentially in the quarter, the first 2 months of the quarter were in line with expectations. September, which is 40% of our revenue in that market, was down 6%, 7%. So that gave us cause to say, "Okay, let's look at the fourth quarter and see what actions we need to take," and gave rise to the comment that Michael made in his opening comments.
Operator: Our next question is from David Bank of RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So I think we're all struggling a little bit to extrapolate beyond what we're seeing right now because there are so many moving parts. And I guess I'll ask a hard question that I'm hoping will make things a little bit easier, which is, one of 2 things has to happen in Europe, right? Things will get better or you will make these targeted expense costs -- address targeted expense initiatives. So given that you will do something or something will happen and given the limited visibility and what we could see right now for the fourth quarter, and frankly, for the year, how do you help us think about what the potential is for margin expansion the following year when one of those 2 things will happen, right? There has to be kind of a target in your mind at this point because you're not going to do nothing. So what can we expect in the current macro for margin expansion next year?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, I think the most significant impact in the margin expansion opportunity for us is when we get the current business wins cycling through for a full year in 2014. And given the fact that we should be able to convert that revenue at a 30% conversion, then that will significantly add to our margin expansion, okay? Obviously, we will do our best by year end to position ourselves going into 2014 to right-size our course profile against Europe. So if you think that Europe will continue to be a drag, then whatever actions we take in the fourth quarter should be able to position us in 2014 to put us back on a margin expansion environment out there in terms of Continental Europe. So I think the way to look at it is the fourth quarter will be telling on our impact of Continental Europe, not only for the rest of this year but for 2014, and how we take actions, whether it be talent, whether it be acquisitions, whether it be cost reductions and repositioning, so that 2014, we go into with a clean basis from a cost versus revenue basis so that the impact of the wins, not only from our new business wins. One of the interesting facts is that if you look at our top 20 clients, we've had good growth for them both through the quarter and through -- year to date. So our existing client base continues to be a source of revenue growth for us, and we hope that to continue in 2014 as well. So one way of looking at it is absent the back door, which has always been a concern of mine, opening up, we're very well positioned for 2014. In the fourth quarter, we will -- hopefully, we'll continue to manage our business to achieve our targets, but we will also keep whatever actions that are necessary in 2013 in mind to make sure 2014 is a solid year for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Chesler of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So Europe's gotten a lot of air time this morning, but I wanted to just shift a little bit, maybe relieve you a little bit to talk about 2 other important markets for you. One would be India, which, if I heard correctly, you've said actually had decent growth in the quarter, maybe even double-digit growth. I wanted to hear a little bit about that outlook, as well as Brazil. Your LatAm number was up nicely. Maybe not up as high as I sort of thought it would have been given kind of the noise around some of the funky comp issues you've had in the third quarter in recent years. So with 2 large global events coming up, kind of what -- you had some instability in that marketplace. What's your expectations for Latin America as well?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, we actually saw double-digit growth in Brazil, India and China, which all bode well. And remember, we had very strong comps in all of those regions. So we're very pleased with results, and we're very pleased with our offerings. In particular in India, we have very strong offerings in all 3 of our global networks and our media business and our PR business. We just did 2 transactions in India, one on the media side of the business, interactive on the digital side and on the PR side of the business with respect to Weber Shandwick. So India, it will continue to be a very strong market for us. We're showing very positive results. We know there are some issues in terms of the government and the economic environment, but the results for the quarter showed a very positive impact. Of course, Brazil, given what's happening in terms of the Olympics and the World Cup, we already have some assignments on the World Cup in tow that will be addressed and we have already started to work on. So we're excited about what's happening in Brazil. And there, too, our offerings at all of our global networks are strong, as well as our media businesses. So I think those 2 markets will continue to be a strong driver of growth and profitability for us. What I'm really pleased about was our results in China. We have double-digit growth in China, and that's one area that if you look at our relative size, we have work to go. We're committed to growing organically our business in China, and we're encouraged to see positive results in the media side of the business, as well as our global network. So I think all of those markets bode well for our performance into the future, and we're quite proud of our people in all of those regions.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just from the standpoint then of trying to model a realistic forecast into next year. I just want to make sure I understand the message you're trying to send about kind of overall growth for next year. One is U.S. starts to ramp, new business coming through. Not quite sure what happens with Europe. It remains pretty tough, but you think you're positioned for better growth. Are there any of these other markets or any other deceleration in the business that you think you would want to highlight or just kind of waiting for the new business to come through in Europe to recover while the others chug along?
Michael Isor Roth: Sure. Well, if you just look at Lowe, just won the SEAT business, that one will ramp up. It was a very nice piece of business for Lowe, and it showed its global and integrated offering. So that's encouraging. I think the expansion that we're seeing at McCann, as I've called out, in terms of both our existing client base there as well as new wins, that's going to happen or happened in McCann. And we're kicking off Draftfcb with a new management team that has some strong clients in Europe. So we're going to really position Draftfcb as well in those markets. So I think our offerings will be up to speed to be competitive in Continental Europe. And as far as the emerging markets, I've already said, I think that's encouraging. One market that's been very strong for us is Australia, and we've seen a great growth in that market. We have very solid media offerings, as well as global offerings, and we're pleased with what we're seeing there. Turkey will be a growth market for us. We have strong offerings there. And Africa will be -- we have very strong offerings there. So those markets, we're positioned. We're going to continue to invest in those other markets other than the BRIC markets. But overall -- and of course the U.S. Let's not forget the fact that 57% of our business is here in the United States. And our independent agencies are performing well, as well as our global network. So I think from a cross-section of the world, we're very well positioned. Russia is a market that we're looking closely at. We have a partner in Russia. We've always talked about taking some sort of equity position in Russia, and we continue to pursue that. I'm cautiously optimistic that we'll be able to do something in that front. So I'm very pleased with where we are in terms of positioning all our offerings. And frankly, I think absent changes in the macro environment, we're very -- we're well positioned to move into 2014 and get on the margin expansion track that we've committed ourselves to.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Frank, maybe on the cost side, which we haven't talked a lot about this morning, incentives and temp labor for 4Q, I'm wondering if you could help us if Q3 is a good run rate for those 2 and whether you have any expectations for above-average severance? It sounds like you might.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes. On the temp labor, Ben, we've always said 3.5% of revenue was a good number. We've been tracking above that. I think most of that is attributable to a very active new business in 2013, but it's an area that -- especially in the project concentration businesses for the fourth quarter we have to try and manage. And on severance, yes, I think you're going to expect -- you're going to see an increase in severance, especially around actions we're taking in Europe.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And incentive in that low 2s that you saw in Q3 makes sense or...
Frank Mergenthaler: Well, we've been between 3% and 4% of revenue for the past years. That's where we target people, but it's all predicated on our results for the year. As we perform versus our targets, to the extent we fall short of our targets, that's going to impact incentives.
Michael Isor Roth: One of the impacts of our incentives was we have a long-term incentive plan. And one of the important things is that we are, as Frank said, a pay-for-performance model in terms of our incentive. So since 2012, we had a slight miss in 2012 that impacted our long-term incentive, which accounted for some of the decrease in our incentives that you've seen year to date.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I see. And Michael, I know we've all been kind of dancing around this 2014 story. I think everyone feels so bullish about you guys. I mean, at the risk of wildly oversimplifying your business, which is certainly what we do for a living, unfortunately, I mean, when you look at the client win rosters and the fact that generally people think GDP is going to accelerate next year, I just -- I think I struggle or we all struggle with how next year is an acceleration of the top line margin expansion and the buybacks continue. Anything that throws you off that sort of very basic logic that we're not seeing?
Michael Isor Roth: No. I mean, the only thing that throws us off on that one will be the back door, which is why we're spending so much time with our existing clients. And I'm very pleased with how we've been performing. I don't want to give myself a jinx here. But no, I think you're spot on. I mean, the logic is there, and that, frankly, is our game plan. And that is to convert the new revenue, focus on our cost, continue to grow from our existing clients, which are top rate on a world-class basis, and keep our heads down and service our clients. And unless, of course, something happens in Washington, there's no reason why we shouldn't be able to do that.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then lastly, just anything on talent opportunities as it relates to the Publicis, Omnicom merger, which actually hasn't come up on this call yet, amazingly? I'm just curious.
Michael Isor Roth: I couldn't believe I wasn't going to get through a call without commenting on that. Let me just say, you know what, we've had -- added a number of talent additions in our company, and they coincidentally happen to come from those particular companies. I don't -- I wouldn't say it's exactly related to the transaction. Frankly, some of them, we were talking to before the transaction. But whenever you have a transaction like that, there's going to be some disruption and uncertainty, and people are looking to see where they're going to end up in that repositioning of the assets there. So it's logical to assume that there'll be talented people in the marketplace that are looking for an environment where opportunities are there. And certainly, we have a reputation that's positive and in line of talented people joining us on a long-term basis. So I think we are going to see opportunities. We have seen a number of candidates that are already looking. And I think you just continue to look at the senior team that we're putting together, whether it be at Draftfcb or additions on our media side of business, and we view this as an opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Dix of Wedbush Securities.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Just a couple things. You've called out the pitch expense, which have led to a lot of new business, obviously, this year. Any way you can give us a little more quantification? I mean, Frank, you mentioned the impact on the temp line. But just any more color on how much incremental expense that's added this year versus last year just so we can understand that?
Frank Mergenthaler: James, for the 9 months it's about 20 basis points.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: 20 basis points on revenue for the 9 months, okay, great. And then secondly, now that Publicis and Omnicom has been opened up for discussion, any implications you think that has on your appetite for acquisitions? And I'm thinking in particular just beyond your kind of repeated strategy to look selectively in emerging markets and new media. But acquisitions outside of that, any potential for those acquisitions to make a material contribution to your margin expansion?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, whatever transaction we do, we have it as a precursor to us doing the transaction as margin expansion, okay. So we don't make a habit of doing transactions that are dilutive, although once in a while we do that only because it's a talent transaction more than an acquisition. But yes, we will continue as we did in 2012 and '13, look at digital transactions. Obviously -- and I don't think this is as a result of the merger. This is as a result of where the marketplace is demanding our expertise to be in. And although we have -- we're very comfortable with our standalone digital agencies, as well as our embedded digital capabilities of all our agencies, if there's a digital agency out there that can add talent, as well as capabilities to us, we're very much interested in talking. And we, in fact, have a couple in our pipeline that hopefully will come to fruition, as well as the emerging markets. We've been very successful in adding to our capabilities. I already discussed India, and we did the same in Latin America, on all our disciplines, whether it be PR, media, as well as, for example, the McCann in terms of the Washington transaction. So we will continue to be in the marketplace, looking for acquisitions. Do I think there's a silver bullet out there where we -- that would all of a sudden put us in the same position as the merged companies are going to be? Highly unlikely, but you never know if it's out there. But our game plan continues to be use the same amount of money, whether it be $150 million, $200 million in acquisitions. And that's what we budget for. That's what we keep in mind as a target. If something unusual comes up, we will consider it. We always look at enhancing shareholder value. But in the meantime, organic growth, coupled with strategic and tactical transactions, the way we've done it in the past couple of years, continues to be our focus.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Great. Just one last thing. Then I'll let you move on. Just regionally, I mean, do you think your performance in Europe is making it maybe more important strategically to add some scale there through an acquisition or acquisitions than perhaps you thought going into the year?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, what we want to take a look at is our competitive positioning. And I think Lowe has done a good job in terms of looking at opportunities, as I said, on Delaney Lund, for example, is one. And McCann, obviously, is doing well. We've tactically added to McCann in terms of acquisitions, and we continue to look at ways to bolt on some talent in some of the markets. And Draftfcb, I have to say, there's is a wildcard out there, and that is how are we going to bolster Carter and his team to compete on a worldwide basis. And therefore, we're going to look at opportunities along those fronts. So I think those are the areas that we'll be focusing on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Wieser of Pivotal Research.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Just going back to Europe, I wanted to ask -- I don't know if you can dimensionalize this, but is there a way to characterize what margin improvement would have been year-over-year if you excluded Europe? Any color, obviously, would be helpful on that. And maybe it's related, maybe not. I thought it was interesting that BPN, the third network inside of Mediabrands, is expanding, brought -- that they have established an affiliate in the U.K. with the7stars, which is very well-regarded independent media agency. I was curious what the economics of that kind of relationship are and how that contributes to and improves margins when you establish those kinds of affiliate relationships.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, first of all, I think I already addressed the issue of margin. If you just looked at Continental Europe, if we looked at last year's 2% to 3% decline versus this year's, we'll figure about a 50-basis-point improvement in margin, okay? We're not going to give our total margin for Europe. I'm just giving you the delta. So that will give you a range and magnitude of the impact of Europe for us. In terms of strategic alliances versus acquisitions, we still look for it to be accretive. And frankly, it's either accretive or it's providing an asset that we don't have on our own and it's a cost-effective way for us to do it. We always like to grow things organically, but if it's quicker for us to either buy it or rent it, that's how we go about doing it. And that's what you're seeing with BPN. We're very pleased with the -- it just celebrated its 1-year anniversary, and it's performed well in the marketplace. It's expanded globally, and we're excited about the opportunities. And the transaction you referenced is just one more example of how they're looking to grow their own market share. And it gives us a very competitive third global network on the media side, which I think is important for us as we compete in the marketplace.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Would you characterize those -- if the BPN wins a global account, do you think that, that contributes to -- is it really high-margin revenue then that if they cede [ph] an account to the7stars in this case, let's say -- or maybe even just speak generally how -- what's the margin profile of the win?
Michael Isor Roth: Whenever you share a client, you're not about getting the same amount of margin as you would if you didn't. But it still has to be economic for us to do it. We're not in the business of providing margin to other people other than ourselves. So you can assume if we do those kind of transactions, it's beneficial for us. It may not be quite as positive on the margin side, but our goal would be for it to get to the margin levels that we will require.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Salmon of BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: It's not a new theme that you guys have been more active in the M&A market the past few years, but Michael, it sounds like maybe there was a little bit more vigor in perhaps repeating the performance of Delaney to address some scale issues in Europe. You mentioned the challenges in retail. That seems like an area that there are some interesting opportunities out there. And then just balanced against share buyback, I guess my question is on what sort of areas might you look at and then what that balance is looking into 2014?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, when we talk about share buybacks, we always build into the needs of our business internally, as well as excess cash and returning capital to our shareholders. And I think we've done a pretty good job of balancing that. So when we do our plans, if we talk about $150 million, $200 million of acquisitions, that builds into it, obviously keeping in mind our dividend and our share buyback program. I think shopper marketing, as you pointed out, is an important market for us. We've done a lot of work in that, particularly on the Mediabrands side of the business and our global networks. So those are markets that we see expansion and enhancing our capabilities. And in some markets, it may just a creative agency, like I said, that adds to our talent. And it wouldn't be a big transaction, but it's basically recognizing a leadership requirement in a market, and maybe it brings clients with them or maybe it doesn't. But we've done well with that in the past. So when we look at transactions like that, we look at retention of talent, as well as servicing our existing clients in the marketplace. And sometimes it's easier for us to do that transaction rather than go out and hire a whole bunch of people to do it. So I think what you're going to see from us is the same kind of acquisition environment that we've had in the past. And nothing is causing us to go out and do some unnatural act in terms of a transaction where we bet the ranch on in terms of getting a much bigger scale. As I indicated, we're very comfortable with our scale across all of our markets. And frankly, we're not lacking any particular discipline. So tactical and strategic transactions within our capital structure will be the norm for us.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Would you consider another -- you mentioned -- just to follow up on the Europe question specifically, you mentioned that's an area where you'd like to have a little bit more scale. Is that an area where, like you said, not going out of your wheelhouse, so to speak, but an area that you might focus on to address that as that market starts to recover?
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, I mean, absolutely. That's what's I was referring to. Again, I think there are opportunities there, but they have to fit within our parameters. And they have to be able to provide the economic returns that we're looking for. There's no sense of us doing another transaction in Europe that's going to be a drag on our margin. So those transactions are harder to come by than small little creative shops that are looking for a buyout. So it's a fine line we have to manage, but that's the lens we look at these things through.
Operator: At this time, there are no other questions.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, thank you very much for participating in the call. Obviously, it's interesting times for us. But rest assured, we know what we have to do in terms of enhancing shareholder value, and we will continue to do our best in achieving that. Thank you very much.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your phones at this time.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Michael Isor Roth - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC Craig Huber Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome J. Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks, to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company, which are subject to uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our second quarter and first half results. As usual, I'll start out by covering the key highlights of our performance. Frank will then provide additional details on the quarter, and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies, the tone of the business, to be followed by the Q&A. We're pleased to report a quarter that saw solid growth in many key world markets. In the U.S., which is our largest market, growth accelerated during Q2 from recent levels. In LatAm, we again had an outstanding performance. And in Asia Pac, we posted solid growth on the top of challenging year ago comparisons. Overall, our second quarter organic growth was 2.2%. Underneath that number, U.S. growth improved to 3.3% with contributions from a wide range of our agencies. And let's not forget we were cycling through the last of our headwinds in the market of approximately 2%. We were led by our marketing service specialists at CMG, Mediabrands, McCann, Huge, Deutsch and several of our integrated agencies. Leading domestic client sectors were auto and transportation, consumer goods, food and beverage and health care. In the Latin American region, organic growth was 16.1%, which was on top of 27% a year ago, very strong performance. In Asia Pac, our growth was 4.5%, which also was on top of double-digit growth in Q2 2012. Our results also reflect the continued challenging business conditions across Continental Europe, where our Q2 organic revenue change was a decrease of 8%, due largely to decreased spend across the region by multinational and local clients, particularly in June, which had weaker-than-expected performance. Revenue from acquisitions added over 1% to our consolidated organic growth. This is a result of further investments in high-growth marketing disciplines, such as digital, shopper marketing and certain areas of health care, as well as acquisitions in high-growth and strategic international markets. Another highlight of our second quarter was the continued momentum we saw on the new business front. To our already strong record of account wins for the year, which in Q1 included Chevrolet in the U.S., Acura and SABIC, we added headline wins with Cadillac, Amazon Media and Zurich Financial. These developments speak to the high quality of our offerings. Increasingly, they also reflect our ability to deliver open architecture solutions that pull together the best customized teams to meet client need and solve for specific marketing or business problems. Our first half has been very strong in terms of new business. However, only a limited portion of the revenue from these new wins was a factor in our second quarter. This reflects the unusual lag in our industry between the announcement of a new assignment and the point at which revenue kicks in. Turning to operating expenses and profitability in the quarter. Operating margin was 10% and operating profit $175 million compared to 10.3% and $176 million in Q2 last year. The comparisons reflect the investment required this year to secure, as well as to service our strong new business pipeline. This means we incurred some expenses in Q2 ahead of related revenue on some of our recent wins. But these are significant new assignments, accretive to our results, and that investment will pay off going forward. The other key factor that weighed on profitability in the quarter was the impact of challenging business conditions in Continental Europe. We will be very focused on converting revenue growth to profit at high rates in the second half of 2013 as we have done in recent years. We'll also be vigilant in managing the impact of declining revenue in Europe. These will be the critical factors in delivering on our margin objective for the full year. Earnings per share for the second quarter was $0.18 compared to $0.22 a year ago, which benefit from a lower effective tax rate. Other items of note in Q2 involve additional progress in our programs to return capital to shareholders and further strengthen the balance sheet. During the quarter, we bought another 7.5 million shares using $105 million. Since initiating our return of capital program in 2011, we have returned a total of $1.2 billion to our owners through a combination of dividends and the repurchase of 88 million shares, and we've retired an additional 33 million dilutive share equivalents through the redemption of convertible debt. In addition, earlier this week, we completed the redemption of our $600 million 10% notes, which we had refinanced at some of the lowest rates in our company's history. We will begin to see significant interest savings from this transaction beginning in this year's third quarter. Year-to-date, our performance in the new business arena has been noteworthy, and our results at major industry award competitions have been very strong this year. This is a reflection of our strong talent base across all our marketing disciplines, particularly in terms of creativity and our digital expertise. We also continue to see the benefits of our successful deleveraging and the financial strength of our company. A combination of competitive top line growth and expense discipline will allow us to deliver on our full year objective of 2% to 3% organic revenue growth and 50 basis point improvement in operating margin. I'll now turn things over to Frank for some additional details, and will rejoin you after his remarks.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael. Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, you'll see an overview of results. Organic growth was 2.2%, which includes 3.3% in the U.S. and 0.8% internationally. Growth in LatAm and Asia Pac was strong. Our decrease in Continental Europe was steeper in the quarter than recent trend as was our U.K. result. Q2 operating profit was $175 million, and margin was 10%. Margin pressure was attributable to 2 primary factors: first, the high rate of new business additions; second, the revenue decrease in Europe. We had $1.62 billion of cash and marketable securities on the balance sheet at quarter end. As Michael mentioned earlier, we had just completed the very accretive call at 105% of our 10% notes. Pro forma for that transaction, our cash balance will be reduced by $630 million. Diluted EPS was $0.18 compared with $0.22 last year, when our tax rate was significantly lower. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. It's worth noting here that our Q2 tax rate was 41.9%, which is high for us due to greater losses in certain foreign jurisdictions, particularly in Europe, where we received no related tax benefit. In contrast, last year's Q2 included a low tax rate of 32.3%, having benefit from discrete items in the period. We still believe our normalized rate for the full year will be in the 37% to 39% range as we said on our Q4 call. Also, near the bottom of this slide, average diluted shares were 448 million, which is a decrease of 6.2% from last year as a result of our share repurchase program. At quarter end, there was 420 million remaining under our current repurchase authorization. Turning to operations on Slide 4. Revenue in the quarter was $1.76 billion, an increase of 2.4% compared to Q2 2012. The impact of a change in exchange rates was a negative 100 basis points, while net acquisitions and dispositions added 120 basis points. The results in organic revenue increase was 2.2%. Worldwide, by client sector, we were led by strong growth in auto and transportation, followed by health care, financial services and consumer goods. We had decreases in retail and in tech and telecom sector. As you can see on the bottom half of the slide, the organic increase to our Integrated Agency Network segment was 0.8%. The IAN segment grew both in the U.S. and internationally. However, this is the part of the portfolio which saw most of the decrease in Continental Europe. At our CMG segment, we again saw strong performance with 9.3% organic growth in the quarter and 11.5% in the first half. We had very strong growth across public relations, sports, marketing and events. Moving on to Slide 5, revenue by region. In the U.S., organic growth was 3.3%. This is well above the level we had been tracking for several quarters and reflects strong growth across many of our agencies and client sectors. It's also important to note that our total growth in the U.S. was 4.8%, which includes 150 basis points from net acquisitions over the trailing 12 months. Turning to international markets, the U.K. decreased 1.3% organically in Q2, where it remains up 4.4% year-to-date. Performance in Q2 was primarily due to lower spend by existing clients. Continental Europe decreased 8% organically. It's clear that macro conditions continue to weigh on clients willingness to invest in the region. Revenue in the month of June was under notable -- notably more pressure than we had seen earlier in the quarter. Germany, which is our largest market in the continent and which had been stable last year, decreased in Q2. France, Italy and Spain were each negative as well. The continent was 11% of our Q2 revenue. We have done extensive work to lower our expense base in Europe, and we'll continue to manage expenses to the revenue reality we face. In Asia Pac, our largest market outside the U.S., organic revenue growth was 4.45% (sic) [4.5%] in Q2 on top of 14.3% a year ago. Our growth was led by the Australian market followed by India. We continue to expect solid regional growth for the full year. In LatAm, Q2 organic revenue growth was 16.1%, an outstanding performance. We had contribution from McCann, Lowe, Media and CMG across all of the largest markets. Our Other Markets group decreased 1.8% organically. Moving on to Slide 6. We chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 0.9%, which was updated to include Q2 '13 and the roll off [ph] of Q2 '12. Moving on to Slide 7, operating expenses. Total salaries and related expenses were 63.8% of revenue in Q2 compared to 63.5% last year. More than 6 months, our SRS ratio was 68.3 compared with 68.1 last year. Severance expense in the first half was higher this year by 20 basis points. As a reminder, the first half will be a seasonally lighter revenue for us, which impacts our sale -- our salaries ratios. Our total headcount at quarter end was 44,800, which is an increase of 2.7% over the course of the quarter. Over 40% of our additions were due to acquisitions closed in Q2, mainly in India. We also added talent to support our growth in LatAm, Asia Pac and new business wins in the U.S., as well as our high-growth digital, marketing services and media disciplines. Offsetting these recent investments were reductions in areas of the portfolio where our revenue decreased. Incentive expense in the quarter was 2.8% of revenue compared to 3.3% in Q2 2012. Through 6 months, expenses for our long-term incentive programs decreased from last year due to shortfall in our 2012 performance compared with target. Through 6 months, our expense for annual incentives in 2013 is at the same level as it was a year ago. Our expense for temporary labor was 3.6% compared with 3.7% a year ago. Turning to office & general expense in the lower half of the slide. O&G was 26.3% of revenue in Q2, the same level as a year ago. It was $461 million compared to $450 million a year ago. Most of the increase was due to higher pass-through expenses, which are offset in revenue and are profit neutral. As you can see on the slide, occupancy increased $3 million, which resulted in higher lease costs under renewal in New York and a double carry rent expense during agency relocations. On Slide 8, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 9.6%. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 9, we ended the quarter with $1.62 billion of cash and short-term marketable securities, which compares to $1.5 million a year ago, an increase of approximately $110 million. The comparison reflects that we returned over $528 million to shareholders over the last 12 months in share repurchase and common stock dividends. As we've already mentioned, our June 30 cash balance includes $630 million, which was subsequently used to redeem debt. On Slide 10, we turn to cash flow for the quarter. Cash provided by operations was $184 million compared with $157 million a year ago. Working capital was a source of $17 million compared with a use of $16 million in Q2 2012. Our investing activities used $43 million, chiefly for CapEx and acquisitions. Our financing activities used $122 million, which includes $105 million for the repurchase of 7.5 million common shares at an average price of $14.09 per share. Our common stock dividend used $32 million. Slide 11 charts our debt reduction over the past few years. We had a short period of double carry following our debt raise last November, which is reflected here on 12/31/2012 and 6/30/13. Pro forma for the redemption completed on Monday, total debt of $2.3 billion on June 30 would be reduced by $600 million to $1.7 billion. You'll recall that in November, we prefunded the redemption at a blended rate of 3.2%, which means the annualized reduction to our interest expense will be approximately $40 million. We will record a charge in Q3 for the $30 million cash premium paid to redeem the 10% notes plus the write-off of unamortized costs. The total charge of approximately $45 million will be below the line and will not impact Q3 operating profit. In summary on Slide 12, we are pleased with our growth in certain key markets in Q2. As we move to the second half of the year, we are focused on profit conversion under our revenue growth as well as managing through the challenges in Europe. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Frank. Well, at the midpoint of the year, there are significant accomplishments that demonstrate the underlying strength of our agency brands and our long-standing commitment to organically developing digital talent and embedding it throughout our organization. These are the factors that are driving solid organic revenue growth and a strong record of new business wins, which continued in the third quarter. We remain new business positive for the year-to-date and trailing 12 months, and we continue to see a solid pipeline of opportunities across our organization. The quality of our product is also highly competitive and trending positively. At Cannes, the industry top award competition, which recognizes the most outstanding work from the full range of marketing disciplines and across all media channels, IPG agencies took top honors. We won 30% of the Grand Prix awarded, more than any other holding company, including in the cyber, direct, film, integrated and PR categories. Draftfcb and McCann both enjoyed their best performance in many years, and McCann Australia's Dumb Ways to Die was the most awarded campaign in the 60-year history of the festival. Whether in PR, in health care, communications or sports and entertainment and interactive marketing, our agencies consistently distinguish themselves in terms of industry recognition. This clearly shows that we have the people and the expertise to help our clients generate the kind of big ideas they need to win in the marketplace. At CMG, we continue to see our agencies win market share, invest in digital talent and capabilities, as well as partner effectively to deliver an integrated offering. Weber Shandwick and GolinHarris are best-in-class in the PR sector, just as Octagon and Jack Morton lead the way in this respective areas of expertise. Mediabrands once again delivered strong results with a progressive and client-centric operating structure that combines traditional media clout and leading-edge offerings across all digital platforms, as well as the industry's most developed pay-for-performance model. McCann continues to show progress. New business has been positive, senior talent is being added and the organization is building momentum. It also benefits from a global network that is second to none and ideally suited to helping multinational clients succeed in the world's high-growth markets. Draftfcb has faced revenue challenges this year to its 2012 client losses, but its holistic and highly accountable marketing approach remains right for today's clients' needs. The agency has made progress in raising the bar on its creative product, and we believe it'll attract talent and new business once the new leadership is in place. Performance at our U.S. integrated agencies was solid in the quarter and for the first half. This group is particularly strong in key areas such as digital, strategic planning and creative. We've also been pleased to see successful management transactions at a number of these agencies that will ensure continuity and continued success. Late last year, the Martin Agency named Matt Williams as its new CEO. And during the second quarter at Hill Holliday, Karen Kaplan became only the third CEO in the agency's 45-year history. More recently, we announced a management succession at Campbell Ewald, where Jim Palmer assumes the CEO role. After an intensive 3-month collaboration that was instrumental in our Cadillac win, we also announced that Campbell Ewald would become part of Lowe, representing the network in the U.S. and providing it with a base from which to grow in this key market. Both the Lowe and Campbell Ewald leadership teams are very enthusiastic about this new partnership, as are we. In conclusion, our second quarter results showed good revenue growth as we built on new business momentum that's been apparent since the beginning of the year. With growth, we have a proven track record of controlling costs and managing to the margin. This will be a primary focus for us and our operating teams during the balance of this year. The significant deleveraging we've undergone and the strength of our balance sheet provide additional powerful leverage that allow us to support the strategic needs of our business and also return capital to our owners. We have outstanding agency brands that are well positioned to help clients succeed in an increasingly complex media and consumer landscape. Our long-standing strategy of embedding digital at the core of all of our offerings and agencies continues to prove itself, and our capabilities in high-growth BRIC and other emerging markets are strong across our major networks. This combination of factors, plus the strong financial foundation and a focus on cost management, will allow us to deliver on our full year targets of organic revenue between 2% and 3% and a 50 basis point improvement in operating margin. This in turn will drive continued shareholder value this year and in the years to come. With that, I thank you for your support. And at that, we open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani of JPMC.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First, you mentioned that the headwinds of, I guess, 2% is still hitting the second quarter from losses last year. Were there any -- was there any incremental benefit, I guess, in the third -- in the second quarter that was a bit of an offset from your sort of bigger headline wins like Chevy? Or is that really going to impact starting in Q3?
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Alexia. And boy, thanks for joining us this morning, Alexia. I don't know what time it is, but thank you. Well, first of all, obviously, we do have revenue in the second quarter from the new wins. But as we indicated, we're ramping up on the employee base and costs associated with that win. So we don't see a lot of incremental margin in the second quarter. Frankly, that's one of the reasons we have a drag on margin in the second quarter, because we've added to our employee base. Just to give you a perspective, our employee base and headcount exceeded by -- we added in this quarter a couple of hundred employees, so we won't see that impact until the third and fourth quarters. So there were some revenue, but not big margin improvements.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But if you're going to take a look at the third quarter -- and Michael, I have to ask about the third quarter.
Michael Isor Roth: What took you so long, Alexia?
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Taking a look at that, I mean, would you expect, with the headwinds coming off, maybe more of a benefit to the top line with some of the bigger account wins maybe coming on board? Would you expect a pick-up? And then I guess more specifically, on the weakness you saw in Europe in the month of June, I guess any color you can give us on that? Any onetime issue nature? Do you think it'll continue to be a bigger drag for the full quarter in Q3?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, if you do the math, obviously with our first half year results, we're expecting improvement in our margin in the second half as well as an increase in revenue because of our new business wins and, frankly, some new business wins we hope to announce in the third quarter. So that's how -- and the reason we were able to affirm what we said in terms of our objective of 2% to 3% organic and an increase of 50 margin points, if you will. So yes, we think the second half -- and traditionally, our second half is stronger on the revenue side, and we convert in the second half of the year. So that is the reason we're affirming, if you will. As far as Europe, as we indicated, June came in as a surprise to us in terms of its impact, particularly in Germany. Germany was positive last year, so there was a harder comp in June, if you will, for Germany. But that's still was an area that we have some concern about in terms of watching. And obviously, whenever we see a decline in revenue, we look at expense rightsizing, if you will. We don't have a lot of -- we never counted on a big recovery in Europe, as we've said in the prior calls, but this one particular impact in June was a little bit more dramatic than we were expecting. Hopefully, we'll see better recovery, but at this point, we can't comment on that.
Operator: Our next question is from John Janedis of UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Sticking with Europe, Michael, your results were a little bit weaker than some of your peers. Can you attribute that at all to maybe your market or category exposure? And do you need to see any kind of improvements to deliver the margin target?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, clearly, if you look at auto and transportation, which obviously was a very strong sector for us, most of the growth was in the United States. So that could account for some of it. If our competitors are stronger in Europe on the auto sector, that the answer to that would be yes, okay? The other thing is this business, we all have different clients in different sectors. In some quarters, we outperform our competitors. In other quarters, it's the reverse. And a lot of it has to do with where our clients come out. We have large multinational clients all over the globe, if you will. And in some cases, our clients spend differently. Unfortunately, our clients don't focus on our quarterly earnings. So therefore, how they spend is a different function. But I think you raise an interesting point on the auto sector because we are overweighted, if you will, on U.S. auto, and that actually bodes well for us for the rest of the year.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then can you just give us an update on McCann? And at this point, is Paris' full leadership team still in place?
Michael Isor Roth: Yes. McCann is, -- first of all, we were very pleased with its performance in Cannes. I mean, everyone -- historically, everyone looked at McCann as this strong global agency, and everyone looked to these smaller shops on the creative side. I think the performance of McCann and Draftfcb in Cannes was an indication that you could be a global network and really succeed on the creative side. So we're very pleased with the changes and the impact that both Harris and Gustavo and Luca are having in the marketplace, particularly with our multinational clients. One of the issues I've always said is we want to make sure that we keep the back door closed. And I think the entire team, they've been out there, Harris, I know, and Gustavo and Luca are all traveling and they're meeting with our clients, and I think they've done a tremendous job in settling down our multinational clients as well as focusing on new business. And I think that bodes well for us in terms of our achieving our objectives. And certainly, McCann is in a stronger position now that it's been in, and we expect it to continue. We're always looking to add talent. We just announced Chris Macdonald coming into the United States. That's a great addition to the McCann team. But we're always looking at it, but we're very pleased with our ability to recruit and the people we have right now.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So one final question for McCann then, Michael. Is it fair to say then any kind of incremental severance is now behind it?
Michael Isor Roth: We always -- it's an interesting question because we always say our severance number is around 1%, and we never -- we're always exceeding it. I think what that does is it shows that we are very strong in terms of matching our expense profile with our revenue. So if we're at 1% to 2 % -- 1.2% or 1.3% going forward. I think that seems to be more consistent as we go forward. And then again in Europe, it take -- the impact on Europe, it takes us a little more on severance because of the social rules out there. And if actions have to take place in Europe, those severance numbers are a little bit higher. But that's something we're going to look into as we go forward. But I think we view it -- whenever we take severance actions, we look for the payback on those actions. And obviously, we take them with a view towards improving our margin on a longer-term basis.
Operator: Our next question is from David Bank of RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So somebody had to ask about 3Q. I guess I'll push it a little bit further than that. No good deed goes unpunished, right?
Michael Isor Roth: Right.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So when you guys entered the year and you kind of set the guidance hurdles, obviously you knew there were some business coming in. But it sounds like there has been some additional momentum gains that have probably pleasantly surprised you. And you're not going to benefit from the full efficiencies and revenues of all that business, especially as you kind of onboard people and costs associated with rolling it out. So my question is clearly, you head into 2014 with the cost baked in and the momentum like really formed. So if we think about you being able to do 50 basis points on 2% to 3% in '13, can you give us some context for why it shouldn't be better in 2014?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, with -- I'd like to get through 2013 before I give you guidance on 2014. But if we keep the back door shut and we continue to improve on the revenue side and the macro economics continue to be growth, if you will, as opposed to entering into a recession, I think 2014 should be fine. And -- but at this point, we're focused on getting through 2013. But we're very focused on keeping the back door shut and looking at our costs because what you don't want to do is get ahead of it and anticipate a lot of things that until they happen, you don't want to have a cost profile. It's not you kind of build it and they will come. And I think that's one of the fundamental differences in our business these days. And that is, even when we pitch new business, we have to ramp up. And clients are understanding that -- you don't have 100 people waiting in a room to jump on new business as soon as it comes in the door. So whenever we have a pitch and it's a big one -- take, for example, the Acura win at Mullen. We've added a significant size of a headcount to support that business, and it was well understood in the beginning that we have to ramp up to do that. And that's the way our business model operates. So that said, if we keep our back door closed, we continue to focus on our existing clients, and when new business pitches come up, hopefully we'll win our -- more of our fair share or our fair share of new business wins, then 2014 should be okay, subject to macro economics. That's not forecast for 2014, but it's a mechanical calculation.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Can I just ask one quick follow-up?
Michael Isor Roth: Sure.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I think in your commentary, you had mentioned something about June being a bit of a surprise, kind of turned down in different places. And I was wondering if there's any more color on what drove it. And did you see a continuation of the -- do you see a continuation of the trend, like what happened?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, in June, what I said was in Europe, we saw a spike down, if you will, particularly in Germany and France actually. But that's -- I didn't say that was true for the rest of the company, I was focusing on why our European numbers were down. And July isn't over yet, so it's hard for me to comment on what impact it has on the rest of the year. But again, it's 11% of our total revenue. Not that, that's insignificant, but we didn't build in big recoveries for Europe. So that's why we're comfortable stating where we are in terms of our ability to achieve our goals.
Frank Mergenthaler: And we saw, David, softness in both global accounts and local accounts, in both of those markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Dix of Wedbush.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Just a couple questions. I guess just looking at the first half, how did margins come in versus your internal expectations? Obviously, as you had to adjust them for new business wins? And also, just within that, are incentives through the first half of the year kind of running kind of in line with or above or below kind of your original plan for the year? And then I just have 2 follow-ups from that, but I'll just stop there.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, first of all, I think Frank answered the question on incentives. It's -- because of our long-term incentives and we have to true it up and last year we were a little bit off, that accounted for some of the diminution in our incentive expense. And we manage this business on a full year basis. And whether we were on target or not, clearly whenever you have new business and you have to ramp up, the ramp-up isn't built into your objectives for the year for the -- so if you want to look at it that way, you don't build in. Unless you know the business wins are there, you don't build it into your plan. So that's why we look at this business on a full year basis, and there'll be spikes up and down on a quarterly basis. That said, what we're saying is that our incentives are in the range of 3.5% for the full year. That's a reasonable number to use based on us achieving our goal of the 50 basis point improvement. And it's clearly one of our levers so that if we fall short, then you can expect to see our incentives reflect that we fall short. We have a pay-for-performance model in terms of our networks as well as in corporate, and -- but we don't really see that until frankly the fourth quarter.
Frank Mergenthaler: James, on the margin expectation, it's probably tracking below where we thought for a very good reason because we've been very heavy on the new business. And for the softness in Europe, if you just take the second quarter, there's probably a 50 basis point impact on the second quarter margins for those 2 events. Just the onboarding of people behind the new business wins, which is, again, we'll see the return on it in the back half of the year. And then there's softness in Europe, where -- when you see June weaken, you can't adjust your cost base that quick so that had a negative impact.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Right. Of those 50 basis points, would you say still a majority of that was due to just the ramping on -- for the new business?
Michael Isor Roth: Between the 2 events I called out, it was 50 basis points. I don't want to be any more granular than that.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, no more granular than that. Okay.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. And then I guess just intangibly then, I mean, are you feeling more or less confident in your full year outlook than 3 months ago or kind of about the same given all of the moving parts with the new business in Europe?
Michael Isor Roth: What we always do is we have our agencies and our network come in and talk about pipeline. I like our pipeline where it is now. We know we have some potential wins in the third quarter, hopefully, will be announced. And a lot of our forecasting is based on to -- what we call "to be generated," which is business that we expect to win and so on. So right now, we're sticking to our -- what we said our objectives were. Obviously, the new business wins will help us in achieving our goals. And like I said, we're going to focus on revenue generation, cost containment in terms of getting our margins in line and keeping the back door closed. I mean -- and this business is just about that. Make sure you have the right talent, make sure you have the right offerings and service offerings that are competitive in the marketplace, don't let your expenses get out of line and win new business as it comes up. And right now, we're on track to do that.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Great. And then my last one is, just given the huge growth you've been seeing in some quarters, specifically Latin America, I was wondering if you could just comment a little bit on the growth of the overall market there and whether you're seeing any changes in competitive structure, which are helping you on a more recurring basis. Are certain competitors just falling by the wayside? Or -- I was just kind of curious as to your color on what's going on in that market there.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, we've -- in Latin America, we've always -- all of our networks, our global networks and our media offerings always -- and our marketing services business in -- are very strong in Latin America. We've done transactions in Latin America to bolster it. For example, with McCann, the W acquisition, CUBOCC on the Mediabrand side. So we're very comfortable with our positioning in Latin America, and I think our performance reflects the fact that we are competitive across-the-board and that kind of improvement just basically proves that fact. We have a lot of exciting things going on in Latin America, particularly in Brazil with the World Cup and with the Olympics coming down. So there's nothing to indicate that Latin America is going to have a dramatic reversal. Obviously, some of the social issues that have happened in Brazil raises some concern. But frankly, right now, we're very excited about what's happening down there, and we continue to invest in our people down there. And frankly, our clients are investing there, which is why we're seeing the improvement that we're seeing. So we're very comfortable with that market. India is another area where we've invested very strongly. In fact the last quarter, we had 3 transactions pretty much close in India, whether it be in the PR side of it, on the media side of it, and on the advertising side. So India performed high single digits in the quarter, and we see India as being a strong market for us going forward. So I think on the emerging markets, I believe we're very well positioned in terms of our global offerings, and we continue to invest behind our brands in those locations.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Wieser of Pivotal Research.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: I was wondering, can you talk about the costs that you tend to incur when you're actually launching a pitch or when you're choosing to participate in a pitch? Generally speaking, how do you think about benchmarking? So I think that most investors are unaware just how expensive some of these participating in pitches are let alone winning them. So that was my first question, and then I have a follow-up.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes. I mean, you're absolutely right. I mean, you've been on the other side, so you know. It's not unusual to see -- incur $1 million of expenses on a pitch. You want to put your best foot forward, and these days, it's very competitive. What's interesting is that we're chasing businesses that historically some of our global networks would have been too small for them. But right now, given the competitive nature of the landscape, we're all chasing businesses. And fortunately, the benefit as the holding company model is we have a number of offerings compete -- competing for the same business. So one of those -- take, for example, if we have 2 or 3 agencies competing on a particular client and one of them wins, the other 2 has incurred expenses that they're not going to recover. So we have to be very careful in terms of picking our battles. But yes, it's not cheap to chase these expenses -- these new businesses, and they run into millions of dollars. And that's why we say if you're going to do it, you got to win it. And so we take it very seriously. And you're right. And that certainly accounts for part of the expense profile that we build in to our forecast.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Brian, we see it in a temp labor line. The agencies that are more active pitching, their temp labor spikes.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Got it. And then clearly, so you really incur the costs at the time of the pitching and it's not being deferred?
Frank Mergenthaler: Sure, sure. Never -- nothing's deferred.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Right.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, clients are great. They say "Put your best foot forward." We go out and we incur production costs. I mean, if you look at some of the major pitches, we're actually running commercials to show our capabilities and our strategic thinking. And the economics of this is such that if you win and the strategic thinking and the creative that went into the pitch is the one that's adopted, then obviously you recoup it faster. You don't have to reshoot a lot of it. But there's a lot of mechanics here. And you're absolutely right, it costs money to win business. And I think you're seeing that in our results in the first half. But the good news is we won.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: That's true. So -- and just one. One other question then on Draft. Can you update us on the timing around the arrival of the new management team? And is it safe to say that any strategic changes or reorientation or any other changes are going to be waiting until then? Or is it like status quo for the agency until then?
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, we were thinking of a -- certainly, we've been looking at strategic changes. Carter will join us sometime in September, and we're excited about that. In the meantime, we're managing our business. And Neil Miller and the team at Draftfcb are doing a tremendous job. And in fact, we just had some positive news on some clients. And so, it's not that we're sitting around waiting, and we are doing recruiting. We are doing some recruiting along the way. Whether the timing of the recruiting will take place at the exact time Carter comes in at, we're running out of time, so it probably looks that way. But we're excited about what's on the horizon. Some of the people we've been talking to are really excited about potentially joining Draftfcb or, frankly have already signed on to join. And so I'm real excited about the team that when Carter finally arrives he'll be joining in terms of what the future of Draftfcb will hold. In the mean time, we're taking a -- over here in corporate, we're taking a close role, if you will, in the future of Draftfcb and managing it through this interim period.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Huber of Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Maybe a housekeeping question first, please, on currency. Frank, if the currency rates held flat, like they are, say, now, for the rest of the year, what would the currency impact, you think, be for the third quarter and fourth quarter on your overall revenues, please?
Frank Mergenthaler: Probably, for the third and fourth quarter, somewhere between 1.5% and 2%. And for the full year, about 1.5% negative.
Craig Huber: And then my other question is, is there any client reviews of significance here in the U.S. or overseas that investors should be aware of?
Michael Isor Roth: There are no significant reviews. We do have Pizza Hut up for review. It's a high-profile client. We've had it for a number of years, and a number of IPG agencies are pitching that business. But absent that, we don't have any big clients in review. Every time I say that, I worry when I get back to the office. I get a phone call saying we have a big one in review. But right now, I'm knocking on wood here, we don't have any big clients in review.
Craig Huber: And then my final question, Mike. On your 2015 operating margin goal of 13%, at the peer level of goals, margins out there, what is your thought on what sort of average organic revenue growth you would need here for the next 2.5 years in order to get to that full year of 13% margin goal for 2015?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, right now, obviously, we've used -- historically, our business has been 3% to 5% -- we're not quite there yet. Our forecast on -- from Magna is certainly for this year is 2% to 3%, maybe a little higher there. I think between 3% and 5% in terms of organic growth is something that you could use in terms of overall macro impact.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Stabler of Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones for me. Could you please remind us of the geographic distribution of your first half headwinds this year? And then secondly, you alluded to a fairly sizable contribution in the U.S. from acquisitions. Could you just help us remember what those assets were?
Michael Isor Roth: The bulk of the headwinds were in the U.S. And on the U.S. acquisition front, we had a shopper marketing company that we bought. We had a health care company that we purchased. And those 2 are the largest.
Frank Mergenthaler: Right. The Chase Design and...
Michael Isor Roth: Hudson.
Frank Mergenthaler: Hudson Global.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Chesler of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions to help think about how the year plays out from here. One is focused on the U.S. So there were 200 basis points of remaining headwinds in the second quarter that you just finished. Do you have any that are worth calling out in the third quarter? Or should we be thinking that those are pretty much behind you? And then just related to the Olympics, clearly you benefited in the third quarter of last year in the U.K. I presume a lot of that was events related.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: What was the distribution of the work that you can call out as globally? And to what extent did you have some of that in the third quarter in the U.S. last year or anywhere else?
Michael Isor Roth: No, I think the bulk of it was in Europe, and it was Olympic-related. So that is a headwind, if you will, in terms of comparisons. We don't have another Olympic in the third quarter.
Frank Mergenthaler: And I think last year we disclosed it was $20 million to $25 million.
Michael Isor Roth: $25 million, yes. But on other side of it, there wasn't a lot of margin associated with that business.
Frank Mergenthaler: No.
Michael Isor Roth: You want to do something about that at CMG, right?.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. But did you have any significant Olympics-related work that was serviced out of the U.S. as well?
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, no.
Frank Mergenthaler: No.
Michael Isor Roth: No, we don't have any, particularly in the U.S.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then I'm just interested in a little more color about some of the potential new business that you hope to announce in the third quarter that you referenced a couple of times on this call. So are these situations where you pretty much won the thing, but you're waiting approval from the clients? Or you're just really close and you're feeling good about that? And then just can you scale some of those? Are they on the level of the few that you announced for the second quarter?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, no, you don't get a -- there aren't big pitches like Cadillac lying around out there. There are a couple of media clients that are of size, and I'm fairly superstitious. So until it's signed and we can announce it, I don't like to count it as a win. But we're feeling positive about some of these on the media side and some traditional pitches as well. So again, there aren't any really big pitches out there right now. And as I said, you never know. But right now, we have some big, say, some media pitches out there. I'm reluctant to tell -- to name them because frankly, some of them may not have been announced and I don't want to jump in. But I think our pipeline is solid. Let me put it to you that way.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then in Europe, it sounds like the weakness that you saw in Germany, France and IAN that maybe wasn't in auto and transports, can you talk to the categories that drove some of that? Or CPG was a broad [ph] ...
Michael Isor Roth: What's interesting, it was across-the-board. We were looking to see if it was one particular area so that we can call it out and say it was an anomaly. But frankly -- again, remember the size of our business there is not significant. So therefore, small impacts add up, and that's what you're seeing. So you're not seeing a $10 million reduction falling to the bottom line. It's a lot of small stuff across these different markets that have affected us. And again, that's a -- hopefully, that will be a rub of the green in terms of our clients in terms of how they look at their spend, but we can't comment on that here.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of questions. Frank, you gave some really good color on the quarterly impact from some of the moving pieces. But one was pass-through you mentioned up front in your prepared remarks. Can you just remind us sort of regionally where that shows up. And on the expense side, I believe that's other O&G, but just a little color on...
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, it's in the O&G line. It makes up almost all of the year -- the quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year increase.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it.
Frank Mergenthaler: So the -- it's profit neutral. When I look at my actual cost base with O&G, they're effectively flat.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And is that mostly U.S. or just basically in line with your broader regional mix?
Frank Mergenthaler: It's somewhat consistent with our regional mix.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. Perfect. And then I wanted to ask on the balance sheet side and working capital as it relates sort of to the new IPG with your current ratings and balance sheet strength, but also then in terms of the ask from some big clients about turning the agencies into financing partners. Maybe you could put those 2 variables into the -- into your answer. But you -- I think you ended the quarter if you pro forma for the redemption, at like $1 billion -- one of your lower cash balances in a long time. Are you -- how should we think about your kind of net debt and gross debt plans going forward? And do you have any comment on how these payment term requests may or may not impact working capital particularly as we move into the back half of the year?
Michael Isor Roth: On the balance sheet, we -- if you recall, we had intentionally built up our cash on our balance sheet to get through the rating agencies and through the "turnaround." And we always said we had excess cash on our balance sheet. And the fact that we returned $1.2 billion to our shareholders is a pretty good indication that we felt that and it was time for us not to -- there was no need for us to carry that excess cash on our balance sheet. So right now, we have -- after we pay off -- you take out the $600 million, assume we have $1 billion or so of cash on our balance sheet, we also have $1 billion credit facility available to us and other resources, so we're very comfortable with our liquidity position. And frankly, you don't want to carry all that cash on your balance sheet. It costs you money to do that. And frankly, we'd rather give it to our shareholders. So I think what you're seeing now is a good indication of what our balance sheet should look like. And the fact that we had onetime items, for example the sale of Facebook, and we just took all of that cash and returned it to our shareholders. So we're very comfortable with our liquidity, our cash available to us to meet our needs with our balance sheet. And hopefully, the final rating agency will realize the strength of our business and our balance sheet to give us that final upgrade so that we'd have investment grade across-the-board. On the issue of terms, procurement has been around forever. They're always arguing about fees. That's the nature of the business. And on one side, our clients are correct in asking us to be more efficient in terms of how we do the work. And we do that, and we work very closely with our clients in terms of the FTE model that's developed. And we have to be more efficient. And in this environment, given the pressures of margins, both for our clients as well as us, it's incumbent upon us to be able to do that. And in terms of terms, particularly on the media side, which is the one that you're probably referring to, everyone says we're not a bank. And we're not a bank. And I think we've taken the position, as well as some of our competitors, that those type of terms historically in our industry, this is the way we pay our vendors when we get paid, and that's the way it should be. And frankly, they shouldn't be looking to us to do their financing. And frankly -- and that's the way the model should work. And we have not seen a major impact on our business model, if you will, that would affect our business going forward right now. And frankly, hopefully -- a number of the multinational clients have come out and said, "We're a partnership, and this is the way we should operate." And frankly, I agree with that. Most of our clients look at us and say, "You're entitled to make a return on your business and we're prepared." And we're prepared to say, you know what, particularly on the media side, our pay-for-performance model reflects the fact that it's a partnership. And if we do it well, we should get paid for it, and that's how we get nice margins on the media side of business. So a lot's been talked about it, but I think on that particular aspect, I think we've all been fairly consistent that this is the way -- the historical way of doing it is the way it should be. Well, I thank you all for participating. I hope you have a good rest of the summer and stay cool. And we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phones at this time.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Michael Isor Roth - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert Fishman - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S. James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome J. Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks, to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further details in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our first quarter results. As usual, I'll begin by covering the key highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide additional detail on the quarter, and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies, to be followed by a Q&A. We're pleased to report a first quarter that represents a solid beginning to 2013. This includes revenue growth consistent with targeted range for the full year, continuing discipline on expenses and further return of capital to shareholders, including an additional share repurchase authorization and a higher dividend, as previously reported. On top of that, during the quarter, we won a number of new business assignments in highly competitive circumstances. Year-to-date, we are solidly net new business positive and our pipeline of opportunities is promising. Beginning with revenue, our organic growth rate in the quarter was 2.3%. This is on top of 2.8% growth a year ago and in line with our full year target range of 2% to 3% organic growth. Regional performance was led by double-digit organic growth in 3 important areas of the world: LatAm, the U.K. and the Middle East. In Asia Pac, our growth was 4.3%, on top of 16.9% a year ago, very strong performance in light of that difficult comparison. In Continental Europe, our organic change was a decrease of 5.8%, which reflects the ongoing challenges of that region's overall economic environment. As we've indicated previously, a recovery in Europe has not been factored into our annual targets. It's also worth noting that the region represents 10% of our total revenue for the quarter. Overall, our international organic growth was 4.9%. In the U.S., organic revenue growth was 0.5%, reflecting some trailing account losses that are front-loaded in the first half of the year. For the full year, we anticipate competitive domestic organic growth. During the quarter, we had a strong performance at many of our agencies, including our marketing services specialists within CMG, our media business and a number of our domestic integrated agencies. Turning to operating expenses, results reflect continued capital cost management. Total headcount grew by less than 1% sequentially. It's worth noting that severance expense was elevated in Q1 due to both headcount actions in Europe and the transition of senior leadership at some of our agencies. Office and general expenses was also very well controlled across all major categories, such as occupancy, T&E, travel and offices supplies, while pass-through expenses increased from a year ago. This results from higher business activity and are directly offset by revenue growth. Heightened activity on the new business front in Q1 meant the level of upfront investment in payroll, temporary labor and general expenses in the quarter. Our account wins during the first 3 months of the year position us to leverage that investment going forward. Another Q1 highlight was continued share repurchases. During the quarter, we bought back 6.2 million shares using $76 million, and our Board has increased our authorization by $200 million to a total of $500 million. And in February, as reported, our board also increased our quarterly dividend by 25%. Since initiating our return of capital programs 2 years ago, we have returned a total of $1.1 billion to shareholders in dividends and through the repurchase of 81 million shares. We retired an additional 33 million diluted share equivalents through the redemption of a convertible debt. On Q1, seasonal loss per share was $0.14 compared to a loss of $0.10 a year ago. Our average shares outstanding decreased 5.3%. Over the course of the year, we should continue to see benefits from the reduced outstanding share count in our EPS performance. A noteworthy trend for us in the quarter was the number of client new business wins that we've begun to see. These were led by our success in securing Chevrolet's branding work in the U.S., adding to our global responsibilities on that iconic brand, as well as the global SABIC assignment won in a holding company shootout and the retention of the U.S. Postal Service, and of course, the highly competitive Acura win. I'll have more on this in agency-specific closing remarks, but it goes without saying that these were very encouraging developments. Now I'll turn things over to Frank for some additional color on the quarter, and I'll rejoin you after his remarks for an update on the tone of our business.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you, Michael. Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, you'll see an overview of results. Organic growth was 2.3%. That includes 4.9% growth internationally, where the standouts were LatAm and the U.K. In the U.S., growth of 0.5% includes some very strong agency performances and also has the impact of accounts loss last year, most of which should cycle through by midyear. Our seasonal operating loss in the quarter was $42 million compared with the loss of $39 million a year ago. We had $1.65 billion of cash and marketable securities in the balance sheet at quarter-end, which includes our pre-funding from last year of this year's debt reduction. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. It's worth pointing out that the tax benefit on our seasonal pretax loss was $12 million this year compared with $19 million a year ago due to some volatility in our effective tax rate caused by the jurisdiction of the specific agencies generating the losses. Our average share count for the quarter was $414 million compared with $438 million a year ago, a decrease of 5.3%. We had 429 million basic shares outstanding on March 31, which is higher than the Q1 average because it includes the conversion in mid-March of essentially all the 200 million of our 4.75% convertible debt into 16.9 million common shares, which are already in our diluted share count. With the action of our board to increase our repurchase authorization by $200 million, we intend to address those new basic shares over the balance of this year. The total of our repurchase authorizations remaining at the end of Q1 was $524 million. Turning to operations on Slide 4. Revenue in the quarter was $1.54 billion, an increase of 2.4%. Compared to Q1 2012, the impact of change in exchange rates was a negative 80 basis points, while net acquisitions and dispositions added 90 basis points, resulting organic revenue increase was 2.3%. By client sector, our first quarter was led by strong continuing growth in auto and transportation. We had mid-single-digit growth in several sectors, tech and telecom, health care and financial services. Our consumer goods sector was up but only slightly. We had decreases in retail and food and beverage, the latter due in part to client turnover last year. As you can see on the bottom half of this slide, the organic change in our Integrated Agency Network segment was a negative 0.1%. This reflects the effect of client losses that fall mainly in the first half of 2013. At our CMG segment of marketing services specialists, organic growth was 14%, reflecting increases across our events, branding and public relations disciplines and double-digit growth in both the U.S. and international markets. Moving on to Slide 5, revenue by region. In the U.S., organic growth was 0.5%, which reflects strong growth at several of our agencies, offset by the impact of certain account losses last -- loss last year. It's worth noting that the total U.S. growth was 1.7%, which includes our domestic acquisitions over the past year. Turning to international markets, the U.K. increased 10.1% organically, reflecting strong growth in marketing services at CMG, at our media business and at McCann. Continental Europe decreased 5.8% organically. There was a notable decrease in a number of the smaller national economies across the region. In addition, France decreased somewhat more than recent trend, while Germany was flat. In Asia Pac, our largest market outside the U.S., organic revenue growth was 4.3% in Q1. That is on top of 2 years of double-digit increases in Q1. We continue to expect strong growth for the full year. Among our largest markets in the region, we saw the strongest Q1 growth in Australia and India. In LatAm, Q1 organic revenue growth was 16.1% powered by performances at McCann that includes a number of new client wins. We also had strong growth in our media business. Our Other Markets group increased 9.1% organically, driven by strong performance in the Middle East. Moving on to Slide 6, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. Most recent data point is 0.6%, which is updated to include Q1 '13 and the roll off of Q1 '12. We have targeted 2% to 3% for the full year 2013 on our February call. Our growth in the first quarter and net account wins put us in a strong position to achieve this target. Moving on to Slide 7, operating expenses. Our agency leadership continue to manage expenses effectively while also investing in growth areas of the business around the world. Total salaries and related expense was 73.4% of revenue in Q1 compared to 73.3% last year. Severance expense was higher this year by $5 million or 30 basis points in the comparison. Again, it bears mention that while Q1 is a small-revenue quarter, we recognize expenses relatively evenly across the 4 quarters, and this is reflected in the seasonality of our results. Our total headcount at quarter-end was 43,600, a year-on-year increase of 2.7%. The increase reflects organic investment in our acquisitions to support growing disciplines, such as media and public relations, as well as digital services throughout our agencies. And it also reflects growth in markets such as China, India and Brazil and some staffing investment as a result of increased new business pitches and wins. Offsetting these investments were net reductions at certain markets, such as Continental Europe. Our focus there has been managing our workforce for efficiency and positioning for growth when it does eventually return. Severance expense was 1.7% of Q1 revenue compared with 1.4% a year ago. Our incentive expense in the quarter was 4% of revenue compared to 4.4% in Q1 2012. The decrease was due in part to lower long-term incentive accruals for performance periods that include last year, when we underperformed relative to our targets. Again, keep in mind that Q1 is our smallest-revenue quarter. For the full year, we continue to expect total incentive expense in the range of 3.5% to 4% of revenue. Turning to office and general expense on the lower half of the slide, O&G was $453 million compared to $441 million a year ago. This increase of $12 million is due almost entirely to higher pass-through expenses, which is offset in revenues and are profit-neutral. Compared to a year ago, we drove 20 basis points of operating leverage in each of the 3 areas: our occupancy expense, professional fees, and travel and office supplies. Our teams continue to do a terrific -- do terrific work in maximizing efficiencies. The offset in Q1 was in our other O&G category, which includes the pass-through expenses. In total, O&G expenses were 29.4% of revenue compared with 29.3% a year ago. On Slide 8, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 9.7%. As we said on our Q4 call, our target level for this year is to improve 50 basis points to 10.3%, on the way to our objective of fully competitive profitability. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 9, we ended the quarter with $1.65 billion of cash and short-term marketable securities compared to $1.59 billion a year ago, an increase of approximately $60 million. The comparison includes over $480 million returned to shareholders in the last 12 months in the form of our share repurchases and common stock dividends, as well as $800 million on the balance sheet this year from our November debt issuance. On Slide 10, we turn to our cash flow for the quarter. Our use of cash in operations was $775 million compared with the use of $498 million a year ago. As a reminder, cash flow on our business is seasonal. Our working capital tends to generate cash in the fourth quarter, which is followed by the cash used in the first quarter. In this year's first quarter, cash used in working capital was $722 million compared with the use of $445 million a year ago. In terms of our investing activities, we used $51 million in Q1 for acquisitions and CapEx. Our financing activities used $104 million, which includes $76 million for the repurchase of 6.2 million shares at an average price of $12.17 per share. Our common stock dividend used $31 million. Slide 11 charts our debt reduction over the last few years. Our total outstanding at March 31 includes $600 million of double-carry from our debt issued in November 2012. That number had been $800 million on December 31. Our $200 million 4.75% convertible notes were exchanged for equity in March at the election of noteholders, following the exercise of our call. Looking ahead, we plan to call our $600 million 10% notes in July, which will end this short period of double-carry and result in significantly lower interest expense. In summary, on Slide 12, we are pleased with our operating performance and new business in the quarter. We continue to effectively manage costs and believe we remain on track to deliver our financial objectives for the year. Now let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Frank. Well, the combination of the solid first 3 months, new assignments coming onstream and our proven ability to closely manage the business puts us in a position to achieve our financial targets for 2013 of 2% to 3% organic revenue growth and 50 basis points of improvement in operating margin. Performance from our operations in high-growth markets continues to be very good in terms of revenue growth. We're also seeing the benefits of our longstanding commitment to embedded digital talents and expertise across all agencies and capabilities, whether at our U.S. integrated independents, our global networks or our marketing service specialists. Digital talent accounts for a significant majority of the hiring we are doing throughout the group. For example, with over 500 professionals from a range of disciplines, the social media capabilities that have been developed organically within CMG are among the most powerful in our industry. This is a key reason why during the quarter, we continue to see the group, including Weber Shandwick, GolinHarris, Octagon, Jack Morton and FutureBrand, win market share, lead the industry in terms of creative recognition and add to the deep bench strength of management talent. At McCann, we've begun to see demonstrable progress from the newly configured leadership team. The consolidation of Chevrolet business in Commonwealth for McCann is a testament to the agency's creative and strategic capabilities. The IPG SABIC win was led by Weber Shandwick, Jack Morton and McCann's collaboration. And the recent win of the U.S. Postal Service is another sign that the agency is gaining traction. Just last week, McCann New York was named Agency of the Year by the Art Directors Club, following on other high profile honors at leading Asian and European creative awards competitions. Similarly, at The Festival of Media Agency, Asia, our Mediabrands unit was also the most awarded group of agencies. The new organizational model that Mediabrands recently introduced is making more of our top talent accessible to clients, and this has been very well received. And we continue to see upside in leading-edge capabilities, such as the audience platform, which spans areas such as mobile and social, as well as the Cadreon automated trading desk. Our recent acquisition of the leading digital media agency in the India, Interactive Avenues, as well as a mobile transaction in Australia will help Mediabrands to further build out these strong capabilities. Of course, having highly competitive digital specialists like R/GA, Huge and MRM enhances our overall digital offering. R/GA recently added offices in Austin and Los Angeles to its growing network, while Huge has expanded into San Francisco and Portland to support client needs. MRM is working closely with McCann on a number of major client initiatives and was recently named a Top Interactive Agency by BtoB Magazine. Another area in the portfolio in which we have a number of outstanding agencies is among our integrated U.S. independents. Mullen's performance in the marketplace has been outstanding, capped by their Acura win. We're also seeing good results and an evolution of the go-to-market strategy at Hill Holliday, Deutsch and The Martin Agency. A number of these agencies are combining more regularly with Lowe to collaborate on new business requiring global or pan-regional solutions. Lowe's performance in the quarter was solid. Of course, the agency's creative reputation continues to grow, and we're looking forward to strong performance from them again at this year's upcoming Cannes award competition. At Draftfcb, we've begun to add to the agency's creative talent base, with significant new hires in North and LatAm and the promotion of a long-time top talent to the European chief creative role. This is also ahead of the arrival of Carter Murray, who we named CEO a month back. Despite knowing of the possibility that Carter's starting day could be delayed, we feel strongly that we've recruited the right person for the role, and he will bring vitality, deep understanding of brands and client relationships and new business drive that Draftfcb needs to go forward. In conclusion, we're pleased with the Q1 results. Of course, we know that this is traditionally our smallest revenue period of the year, and we have consistently cautioned against putting too much weight, whether it'd be positive or negative, on any single quarter's results. But since the beginning of the year, we've begun to build significant new business momentum. We have a proven track record of controlling costs and managing to the margin. Therefore, we remain comfortable with our full year financial goals for 2013. The significant deleveraging that we have accomplished and the strength of our balance sheet provide additional levers that allow us to support the needs of the business by investing in talent and targeted M&A while simultaneously returning capital to our owners. This combination of factors, outstanding agency brands with strong capabilities in high-growth areas such as digital and emerging markets, plus the focus on cost management and strong financial foundation, positions us well to create significant shareholder value this year and beyond. With that, I'd like to thank you for your support and open the door for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Alexia Quadrani, JPMC.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First, could you give us any color about, I guess, what organic -- domestic organic growth would've looked like if you didn't have those headwinds? I guess even generally, if -- would it look more like the company-wide number you delivered around your target? And then the second question, you mentioned incremental expenses that you are building up in front of the new business wins you recently pulled in. Will we see some of those expenses in front of maybe a lot of the revenues in the second quarter?
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, let me talk about the headwinds. We have previously said last year for the full year, the headwinds would be in the 50 to 100 basis points. However, it was for the year. But we also said it would be front-ended, so you can assume it was up front, since it was more weighted in the U.S., about 2% in the first quarter were the headwinds. So if you take the 2% and add it to the 0.5%, that should give you a reasonable idea in terms of what the U.S. organic would've been. I might add that the similar high headwinds are in the second quarter, Alexia. As far as the expenses go, there's no question that we had pitch expenses in the first quarter, which, fortunately, resulted in new business wins, and some -- as indicated, we had some additional severance in the first quarter. So what we do is we obviously spread out incentives and things like that for the full year, and we've built up some expenses in the first quarter that we expect to see convert to revenue for the balance of the year. Obviously, new business comes on over a period of time. It all doesn't come in at one particular time. But certainly, the expenses that we incurred in the first quarter will give rise to revenue.
Frank Mergenthaler: And you still have -- Alexia, have some pressure in the second quarter because of the timing. People are working against these new business opportunities now, and when the revenue comes onstream, maybe a little bit disjointed with the expenses being incurred.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So the expense will be a little bit front-end loaded in Q2 versus the revenue.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But you do still see some of the revenue from the new business? And I know you -- I know those business coming in and out. I'm talking about more the bigger headline wins. Will you see some of those coming in Q2?
Michael Isor Roth: We'll see some of it in the second quarter, and the rest in the third and fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Janedis, UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Michael, it seems like you got a much broader auto client base versus a couple years ago. And I'm wondering, has the mindset among clients changed in terms of conflicts to compete for the business? And if so, is that a trend across industries?
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, I know it's a fair question, John. In the old days, each of the holding companies were sort of wedded to one of the big majors. We still are, candidly. It's by agency, and I think what it shows is the depth of our talent across all the different agencies that we have. So clearly, McCann is a General Motors agency, and we'd like to think that, that will continue, obviously, by adding the additional Chevy work. But the other strong agencies are out there. And yes, the competitive nature of this and the conflict issues throughout our industry has been dealt with more on a agency basis than a holding company basis, which, frankly, is good for us.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, good. And then, Frank, can you help us think a little bit more about your margin expansion this year, meaning you've obviously done a great job in O&G over the past few years. But over the 50 bps of margin target for this year, is that split fairly evenly between O&G and SRS?
Frank Mergenthaler: I think you'll see more of it, John, in the SRS line as we convert growth.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, I might add, John, we still have some agencies that are conflict-free on the auto side, so we have room to grow here. But of course, it's on an agency-by-agency basis, and we do have other agencies working on General Motors as well, and we're very cognizant of conflict issues.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Bird, Lazard.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could just talk about your credit. What has S&P laid out as a requirement to get pushed up to investment grade?
Michael Isor Roth: We think that we're there, and the issue continues to be consistency in terms of our performance. And if you just look at the percentages and debt-to-equity and all the metrics that are typically used, as evidenced by the other rating agencies that do have us as investment grade, we think that they should be there. But again, frankly, last year's results, which had a bit of a hiccup if you look at it from our stated objective, that goes for the issue of consistency. So our goal is to continue to deliver as we promised, show it on a consistency basis, and we would expect to see that reflected.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Separately, Michael, could you talk a little bit about McCann? Can you talk about whether there's been any tweaks or changes in strategies since the change in leadership?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, I think the fact that we've seen some good traction on business wins indicates a confidence in the marketplace, in new management, as well as the capabilities of McCann. Strategy, I think what we're focusing on is, clearly, retention of our existing clients. One of the great strengths of McCann is its global client portfolio. And I know Harris and the entire team had been focused on servicing those multinational clients and making sure they're getting the best we have to offer. So that strategy has always been there, but it's much more concentrated now. And now McCann is out there in terms of pitching new business and converting to wins, which we've seen. The U.S. Post Office is -- although it was an IPG client at Campbell Ewald, it's nice to see McCann -- it was a competitive pitch among a very -- a number of agencies -- to see McCann win that. And I think they're on the front foot in terms of new business efforts out in the marketplace. They're in a number of finals in terms of new business pitches. So I think the morale there is much higher. The talent is stronger. Just yesterday, we announced some major changes in terms of new people, particularly at McCann Erickson, so I'm very encouraged by what we're seeing at McCann. And the strategy is very simple: Service your existing client, grow from within and win more than your fair share in new business pitches.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And on severance, do you expect that to be up in the June quarter as well?
Michael Isor Roth: We always state that the severance numbers, we use 1% to model. Of late, we've seen it a little bit higher. We're still sticking to the 1% in terms of the modeling. But as you go through the transition that we've been going through and when you see the economic environment in Europe, we're always looking to rightsize our businesses to match revenue. So I would say, you're going to see severance slightly higher than 1% possibly, but again, I'd continue to drive towards the 1%.
Frank Mergenthaler: Bill, people get compensated on the margin they delivered. So if their severance creeps up, they've got to absorb that through revenue growth, rather than cost reductions.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Bank, RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. Just the first one, I think there's a decent amount of visibility in terms of what's going on, on the domestic side given the new business wins and the comping against the losses, and so I think we see the progression there. Can you give a little more color on the international side, particularly the growth in regions like the U.K., which I think were really surprisingly strong for the quarter? What's the sustainability of that trend? What specific drivers, more on the international side? And then second question, sorry for the long question, but under the "no good deed goes unpunished" category, the new business momentum has been really good. The margin discipline has been really solid. What has to go wrong for you not to kind of hit these targets?
Michael Isor Roth: Thanks, David. Well, let me answer that one. The easy part of that is macro environment. We always said, there's no structural reason for us not to continue to expand margins and attain our goal of competitive margin. So what we look at very carefully, obviously, is the macroeconomic environment, and so we're subject to that. We can't do much about it. We can be -- as you indicated, we can be very focused on cost discipline and managing our businesses. But without growth in the overall economic environment, it's tough to expand margins. And frankly, that was proven for us in 2012. We've always said that if we see growth, certainly, in the 2% to 3% range, we should be able to expand our margin, as indicated by our goal to expand by 50 basis points for 2013. So again, I think the real -- the answer here is macroeconomics, that can go wrong. You always worry about losing clients, especially given the size of our multinational clients, but I'm very comfortable right now, certainly, with the changes we've made in McCann and the effort that's being made across all of IPG to keep that backdoor closed. I'll say that now, and tomorrow, we'll find out something. But we're very focused on client retention because I've always said that so much of our new business comes from organic growth, from our existing client base, and that's where we have to continue to be very strong. Your question on international, look, McCann in Latin America is very strong. We've seen strength in Latin America across all of our global networks; Lowe is very strong in Latin America; Draftfcb. So what's great about that is what you get is when you have 3 global networks like we have, and we see recoveries in certain markets. India is another example where we have very strong global disciplines and agencies, and they're performing well. So it's not by accident that when you see one region down and other regions are up, we're participating in that. In the U.K., we certainly have a very strong event business. One was -- last year, we had, of course, the Olympics, and that was reflected in our strong growth in the U.K. But if you were to take the event business out of the U.K. in the first quarter, and again, it's just one quarter, but I believe we had a 6% organic growth without the event -- special event in. So we have McCann, our media business, are all solid in the U.K.; obviously, Lowe. So we have very strong offerings in the U.K. It always been -- has been an important market for us, and I'm pleased to see that kind of result in that very competitive environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Chesler, Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The momentum that you're talking about shows that you're making really good progress on improving the performance of a number of your agencies and your networks particularly McCann and McCann Erickson in the U.S. So presuming that you keep the backdoor shut and the progress continues into the back year, when you look across your portfolio, what are the other areas of the business that you would want to catch up and still expect some significant improvement from to take you from where you hope to be at the end of 2013 to where you want to be in 2014? And I ask the question not to focus on the negative but to think about where the opportunity will be after we get to wherever you hope to be at the end of the year.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, well, we -- Lowe continues to be -- the progress of Lowe, I indicated, we had good solid results from Lowe in the first quarter. We still have room for improvement in terms of the margin expansion at Lowe. So that certainly is one of the things that we've been focusing on very carefully and investing in Lowe to increase. They've done a great job in focusing on their key markets and talent and leveraging their global capabilities where needed. So we're looking for improvement in margin at Lowe. Obviously, Draftfcb is another area. And the fact that we're bringing Carter onboard and the investments we're making at Draftfcb in talent is an indication that we're addressing the issues that we did have some client losses at Draftfcb. And although we're very comfortable with our client base at Draftfcb, we want to make sure it stays that way, and we're backing -- we had some client wins at Draftfcb. We want to continue that momentum. But that's an area that, with Carter coming onboard, we expect to see investments in talent and go-to-market strategies. So I would focus on those 2 global agencies as opportunities for us. Obviously, media continues to be a very good performer for us. There are a lot of media pitches out in the marketplace, and we certainly have the best-in-class media offerings. So I would look to seeing an expansion in terms of client wins on the media side. And I think the other aspect that we're seeing, SABIC is a good example of RFPs coming into IPG from the holding company's perspective. And the marketplace looking for the best of IPG, and that's one area that I think we've proven ourselves that we're very capable of doing that. We have a number of IPG solutions in the marketplace. The SABIC win, it was a head-on competition between us and the other holding companies, and we fared well. We have 1 other going on right now in terms of a holding company pitch, and we're cautiously optimistic on that one. So I think those are the trends we're seeing in the marketplace. And the marketplace -- you have to bring your best solutions to our clients, and we've been using a notion of open architecture for years, and I think I'm very pleased with the fact that we're starting to see real traction on the ability for our agencies, including our independents. When you see independent agencies tapping into Lowe, for example, for multinational pitches, if you will, and responses to their existing clients, that's a good indication of the depth of our resources.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And there was an earlier question that was talking about the on-boarding of clients and the contribution to revenue and the relationship with costs. If you think about it for a fiscal year basis, on a net-net basis, these are great wins for you, and it positions you really well. For the full year, do they contribute incrementally on a net basis to the achievement of the 50 bps margin target?
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, I mean, they all won't be on-boarded for the full year, but certainly, their revenue will contribute to our expansion. But again, the point here is when you onboard new clients, you build up, you have to hire talent, and it's not until they're fully up and running do you really see the margin contributions that you expect to see with the fully serviced client, if you will. So it'll ramp up. It's all not going to happen -- you don't wave a magic wand, and all of a sudden, you ramp up and the margins are delivering. It takes over a period of time to do that, but I certainly rather be in that position than not have them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Two for Frank on the -- on some of the numbers. On the cash flow side, Frank, should we assume the buybacks this year sort of pace with your cash flow generation? I think from a -- certainly, from a working cap perspective, Q1 is usually a low quarter. So any color on that would be helpful. And then maybe another sort of housekeeping one, just on the Olympics. Can you just remind us of the Olympic headwinds this year, the timing, are they all in Q3, or is it more spread out, and any way to sort of size those as we think about the rest of the year?
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you. It's a good assumption, Ben, to look at buybacks and the phasing in correlating with kind of our cash flows, which are seasonal, as you know, as you pointed out, that the first quarter is usually working capital negative. So they usually track pretty close. With respect to the Olympics and the third quarter, which was a big impact, the actual headwinds, I can't remember what that number is, quite frankly, in the U.K.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. But it's all concentrated in Q3?
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, Q3, it's the U.K.
Michael Isor Roth: On the share buybacks, if you just take a look at the first quarter, our average price was a little bit over $12, $12.25. So we don't look at it as certain price targets. The way to do this is, over a period of time, do it on a program basis. We do have some flexibility to move on blips of our share price, but the right way to do this is consistent with our cash flow and over a reasonable period of time. Otherwise, it distorts the marketplace, and it's not -- it's consistent with what -- the way we've done it in the past, and it's worked well for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Fishman, Nomura.
Robert Fishman - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So while your European competitors spend a lot of time discussing digital in great detail, we know you don't break out digital revenue specifically. That said, we're wondering if you could try to give us a sense of how much your digital initiatives are contributing to your overall growth. And if you don't want to go there, maybe discuss how quickly some of your more digitally focused agencies, like Huge or R/GA that you touched on in your prepared remarks, are growing.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, yes, again, you're right, and it's a standard question we get. We don't silo our digital offerings. We happen to have R/GA, Huge, MRM, which are separate if you want to call them digital agency. I wouldn't call them pure-play digital agencies, but they are viewed that way in the marketplace. But all our agencies, we -- frankly, we just had a board meeting up in Boston. And when we review our capabilities of our agency, you can see all the digital capabilities there. And if you look at, for example, Weber Shandwick, the capabilities of Weber Shandwick, particularly in the social media environment, so it really is across the board. All of our agencies have very strong digital capabilities. That said, R/GA and Huge are expanding globally. R/GA is in Latin America, it's in Asia Pac, it's in the U.K., it's in Budapest. So R/GA is expanding globally, and that's consistent with their growth, if you will. And Huge is expanding globally as well. So we are making investments in the expansion of those, if you want to call them pure-play digital agencies, but all of our agencies have digital capability, and we don't keep track of it. I find it hard to believe that people can really keep track of their digital play. Even in the siloed environment, it's hard to keep track of it, so that's the reason we don't put it out there. But it's a significant part of our growth and our future, which is why we're making the kind of investments in talent that we've been making.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Stabler, Wells Fargo.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A question on Europe. I realize it's only 10% in the quarter. But I guess, I'm just trying to get a sense of whether you were significantly surprised by the continued weakness here. I guess, to put it another way, what's your visibility in Europe? Is it more difficult in Europe, given all the uncertainties, to look out multiple quarters than it is, let's say, in the U.S. even though you might be dealing with similar multinational clients? And then can you touch on -- I think you said that your expectations for the year don't include any sort of estimate for a recovery in Europe? Recovery is probably not the word any of us would use. I guess...
Michael Isor Roth: Right.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: We're trying to understand if your expectations bake in a level of continued decay or whether you think that there's at least stabilization that might be possible.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, I think one of the problems you run into in our first quarter is the size of the numbers. It doesn't take much, either in positive or negative, to have a material impact on the organic growth or lack of, all right? And I think we're seeing that in the first quarter. It's certainly -- 5.8% is a higher number than we would've expected, but again, that's not a material number, if you will. I would expect, absent a further deterioration in Europe, that, that number would get more in line with the low single-digit negative number, which was similar to what we had in 2012. So that is more in line. But again, if it varies from that, it's not going to have a significant impact on us because of -- as that number goes negative and the other numbers go positive, it becomes a smaller number in relation to our total revenue and profitability. So we don't like to see it go that way, but of course, that's the benefit of a holding company. The visibility, the issue we have there is local business. And we get better visibility into our global clients in terms of what their budgeting for their spend in those markets. But it's the local clients that are more subject to cutbacks on a short-term basis.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just one quick follow-up there, Michael. Do you think you guys are any more or less exposed to local than your peers, who generally talk about half the business being in these markets being global and half being local.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, frankly, we're not based over there, so certainly, some of our competitors have a greater percentage of their business in those markets, and I think you've seen it in their results. So I would say they're more exposed to it than we are, if you just look at the percentages. And that's all I can comment. I don't know with the rest of their business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Nollen, Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: I have another question on margins, please, just to make sure I understand the shape of operating margins this year. You've been saying Q2 might be a little bit on the light side for understandable reasons of account losses and ongoing pitches. But if you have ongoing pitches and the pipeline is still good, might that continue through, and how much impact does that have? And to make it more of a positive tone, if you're going to be flattish on margin, I'm not going to pin in a number on you, but if, let's say, it's flattish, doesn't that imply like 100 basis points of pick-up in the second half? And then if that all pans out as such and you do win some business and you keep driving costs down, aren't we talking about a lot more than 50 basis points of margin pick-up next year?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, the answer to your question is I hope we're that busy in pitches and spending money and converting it later on. Okay? I view that as money well spent. So if the explanation, not that I believe that's, in fact, going to be a truism, but if the explanation is that the ramp-up of expenses is greater because of pitch activity and we convert it to new business, I think you'll accept that explanation. But yes, I know, this is the way we manage our business, and we build up expenses for the pitches and we onboard people. What's interesting about our business, since we have some time, let me talk about it. When you win new business, you actually have to go out and recruit a significant amount of people to service those businesses. And so that's one of the explanations you see in a mismatch, if you will, on bringing new clients onboard, because you want to hire them as quickly as possible so that you're ready to take on and onboard the revenue stream. So that's part of what we're seeing. And yes, it may give some pressure on margin during that period, evidenced in the first quarter, but it should give rise to a greater expansion of margin. And obviously, when that happens, we'll build it into our forecast.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Tim, winning some meaningful accounts earlier in the year is helpful to the margin progression. Okay?
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Sure. Any -- do you dare or care to make a comment on next year?
Michael Isor Roth: No. I just have to say the first quarter doesn't make a year.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Yes, sure, but I think you tell from the tone of most of these questions, we're pretty pleased with the way it looks, and if it pans out, it's looking better.
Michael Isor Roth: When you -- I can tell you this much. At this point in the year versus last year, we're in a much better position, so that's encouraging for us. And like I say, if we keep the backdoor closed, then obviously, that's the way we want to operate our business.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Okay. Can I ask just ask one quick follow-up, please, on the U.K.? I heard your answer before, and you have good businesses and operations there. But the economy in the U.K. isn't really that much different from the Eurozone. Why would you be so strong so consistently in the U.K. versus pretty negative in Europe?
Michael Isor Roth: Again, it's -- the numbers are not that big. So what we need is one particular client to spend in the first quarter, and it somewhat distorts. I'm not putting the U.K. in the category of an emerging market, like Latin America. It's nice to see it positive, but I don't know whether we can continue to show those kinds of organic growth in the U.K.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Salmon, BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Michael, you've -- you always take a lot of pride in Interpublic's role in sports marketing in Octagon. Would you ever have any interest in any of the assets at IMG?
Michael Isor Roth: I think we are well represented by Octagon. They're doing a great job. They are certainly a force in the marketplace, and we're comfortable with the work that they're doing and their size.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Dix, Wedbush Securities.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: With all the new business coming in the door, you might have been excused for forgetting about the macro environment. But just turning back to it, how did your performance by region compared to your internal expectations for the first quarter? And how do you feel about the overall macro environment now versus a couple months ago? And then I just have a follow-up, Mike.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, this isn't that far from when we did our year-end numbers and we gave out our 2% to 3%. We haven't changed on that. I think that, certainly, the tone of the business is better than it was last year, but I'm not raising any flags in terms of our victory, in terms of turning the corner and getting back to the levels of 4% to 5% growth that we would like to see on an ongoing basis. So we're still cautious about it. And I think 2% to 3% is a fair number to use given the macroeconomic environment that we're in. We still have problems in Europe, and the spillover effect of that is real. The United States, although it's growing, is not growing at the rates I would like to see it growing at. And we still have issues, obviously, in Washington and what impact it has on confidence. I mean, this business is based on confidence. And until we get all these issues behind us, it's going to be hard for us to put out a number that shows any strength in the economy greater than the low-single digits that we're talking about. So the surprises -- Europe was a surprise, but how do you predict small numbers like that and the effect of it? So I think it was pretty consistent with what -- we do our forecasting on a bottoms-up. We're not -- no one is really great on a quarter-by-quarter basis in terms of how you can forecast this business. So that's why we were very careful in saying this is a full-year analysis, and that's how we manage our business. So I'm very comfortable now, with the numbers we've given, and it looks like, given the fact that we have these positive news, in our ability to achieve it.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then one follow-up on expense. Just as we see the new business wins come in and the associated expenses, any particular line items we should be focusing on? I mean, is it all going to be in base salaries, or are there any other of the subcomponents, which you provide all this detail on, that we should be thinking about as well?
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, well, first of all, base salaries is obviously an important factor. As you ramp up people to service the business, your salary levels go up. We use temporary help during the period until we just -- our full-time capabilities within it. And sometimes, you see a little ramp-up in occupancy because we actually have to take some space for these people. For example, Mullen is going to beef up its presence on the West Coast because of the Acura win. So those are the kind of things that we're in a process of addressing.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. So temporary help maybe and maybe some in the O&G line, other than just the base salaries line that we'll be focusing on.
Michael Isor Roth: Right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Wieser, Pivotal Research.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Quick question on the pass-throughs. I was wondering how much of the organic growth was attributable to that. And secondly, I was just wondering if you could talk about some of the APAC markets. You mentioned that Australia and India were up. By inference, some of the other major markets were not or they were less up. Just curious if you could talk about that region and your expectations for the rest of the year.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, we had some more difficult comps in China that we had to deal with. We had an event in China, so we've -- the growth in China was not consistent with that because of that comp, if you will. Japan was relatively flat, slightly up, I believe. And Australia, as I said, and India were very solid. And LatAm, we talked about. In terms of pass-throughs, as Frank indicated in his remarks and I indicated in mine, the pass-through costs, well, the growth in our expense line is probably similar to what you see on the growth side.
Frank Mergenthaler: All of the growth, Brian, in the O&G side, as we said in the comments, was primarily pass-through.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: So if we stripped out the 0.7% from the organic growth, would that be a more accurate number, if you stripped out pass-throughs?
Frank Mergenthaler: Almost all of the growth in the O&G line comes from pass-throughs. If we provide an update in there, you can do that.
Operator: At this time, I will turn the call back to Mr. Roth for final comments.
Michael Isor Roth: Okay, well, my final comments are we're excited, we're encouraged by what we see in this first quarter, and we thank you for all your support. And we still have the rest of the year to go, so we're working hard. Thank you very much.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for attending. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Michael Isor Roth - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome J. Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks, to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company, which are subject to uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further details in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us for our review of our fourth quarter and the full 2012 results. As usual, I'll begin by covering key highlights. Frank will then provide additional financial information in detail, and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies, the tone of the business and significant developments, to be followed by a Q&A. Beginning with revenue, our fourth quarter organic increase was 0.4%, which brought us to 0.7% for the full year. After 2 years of organic growth results that were among the best in our industry, we faced challenging comps, as well as revenue headwinds in 2012 of approximately 3%. While we were able to show growth despite these significant hurdles, it was not at the levels we had originally targeted when we came into the year. It's important to note that as we enter 2013, our performance in terms of client retention and new business has improved markedly, and we have fully cycled the 2011 client losses. Turning back to the full year 2012. Results in many of the world's most dynamic emerging markets, including Brazil, China and India, were consistently strong. These were offset by lower client spend in the U.S. and macro challenges in Europe, which we had noted in our third quarter and continued in Q4. By region, our fourth quarter largely tracked the trends we had noted throughout the year. Organic growth in LatAm was 8.6%, and in Asia Pac market, it was 11.4%. Our growth in Asia Pac over the last few years has made it our largest region outside the U.S., having surpassed Continental Europe in 2012. Continental Europe, our organic revenue decrease was 2.6% for the year, reflecting the ongoing challenges of regional economic conditions. In the U.K., revenue grew 4.8% for the full year. Overall, our international organic revenue growth was 3.8% for the year. In the U.S., the organic decrease of 1.8% for the year reflects 4% of domestic headwinds that we called out for you at the beginning of the year. It is clear that the difference between our organic performance in 2012 and that of our peers was primarily the result of account losses in 2011. We're turning the page to 2013 with much improved net new business performance over the course of 2012. The key for us is that our offerings remain fully competitive. Not only are we seeing strong growth in emerging markets, but our digital offerings also continued their strong growth in 2012 at both our pure play digital agencies and the embedded digital capabilities throughout all of our agency brands. Turning from revenue to expenses. Our results continue to reflect careful and effective cost management. During the quarter, total operating expenses decreased organically by 1.4% from a year ago and, for the full year, increased by only 0.005% organically. This performance enabled us to maintain our operating margin level of 9.8% despite a year that was more challenging to revenue than expected. For the full year, diluted earnings per share were $0.94, and excluding our Facebook transactions, diluted EPS was $0.82. We continue to be very active in using the strength of our balance sheet to drive value creation. In Q4, we repurchased 14 million shares, bringing our activity for the year to 33 million shares and $351 million. In addition, we were opportunistic in the capital markets with the issuance of $800 million of debt at the lowest rates in IPG history. The funds will be used to finance 2 debt calls in March and July of this year. We also sold our remaining investment in Facebook and, in so doing, increased our existing share repurchase authorization by $100 million. We are pleased to announce today 2 additional measures: an increase of 25% to the quarterly dividend and additional share repurchase authorization in the amount of $300 million on top of the $100 million remaining on our repurchase authorization as of January 1. These are further signs of the strength of our financial condition and our confidence in the operating trajectory of our business. Over the past 2 years since initiating our return of capital programs, we've put nearly $1 billion to work for shareholders in dividends and the repurchase of 75 million common shares. We've also retired an additional 33 million diluted share equivalents in convertible debt. As we move into 2013, macro conditions remain uncertain in many of the world's larger markets. And as a result, our outlook for the year is appropriately measured. That said, we remain confident in the value of our services and competitiveness of our agency brands, as well as our continuing strong cost disciplines. Accordingly, with 2013 organic revenue growth consistent with our peers, we will resume the expansion of our operating margin. With organic growth in the 2% to 3% range, an improvement of 50 basis points on this year's operating margin of 9.8% is an achievable target. We've shown that we can drive significant margin expansion when we deliver organic revenue growth at or above industry levels. Continuing that progress so as to reach competitive margins of approximately 13% under U.S. GAAP remains a top priority for us. Alongside that objective, we plan to continue to use our financial strength to drive EPS growth and shareholder value creation. I will now turn it over to Frank to continue the discussion of our performance.
Frank Mergenthaler: Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, you'll see an overview of our results, including a number of the highlights Michael called out. Q4 organic revenue growth was 0.4%. We grew 1.8% internationally and decreased 1% in the U.S. Full year organic growth was 0.7%. Our operating expenses remained very well controlled, with the increase from Q3 to Q4 associated with our much larger revenue quarter in Q4. Year-on-year, total operating expenses decreased organically in the fourth quarter. Q4 operating income was $410 million and operating margin was 19.9%, the highest level IPG has attained in 10 years, an improvement 130 basis points from a year ago. This brought our margin for the full year to 9.8%. Q4 diluted earnings per share was $0.68, which includes the benefit of a gain in the sale of our Facebook shares, which is reflected in other income. Excluding Facebook, our diluted EPS was $0.56 in the fourth quarter. For the full year, our diluted earnings per share was $0.94. Excluding the impact of Facebook, EPS was $0.82. We ended the quarter with $2.59 billion of cash and short-term marketable securities on the balance sheet. That total includes cash proceeds of approximately $800 million from our debt issuance in November, which is earmarked for the call of 2 debt issues in March and July of this year. Average diluted shares decreased 11% for the year. Our basic share count outstanding on 12/31/2012 was down to $414 million. As you have seen in our announcement earlier today, our board has authorized a 25% increase to our quarterly dividend from $0.06 to $0.075 a share and a new $300 million authorization for our share repurchase program. Furthermore, we have exercised our call of our convertible notes, which includes approximately $17 million diluted shares. Turning to Slide 3, you see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Here, it's worth highlighting other income of $95 million consists almost entirely of the Facebook gain. Our effective Q4 tax rate of 29.5% reflects the impact of Facebook and discrete tax items. Excluding those effects, our normalized tax rate would have been 34%. For the full year, our normalized effective tax rate was 38.5% with similar adjustments for Facebook and discrete tax items, which is in the range we have indicated in the past. Turning to operations on Slide 4, beginning with revenue. Revenue in the quarter was $2.06 billion, which is a reported decrease of 40 basis points due to change in currency exchange rates. The FX impact was a negative 130 basis points. We added 50 basis points due to net acquisitions and dispositions, and our organic increase was 0.4%. For the full year, organic revenue growth was 0.7%. As we mentioned in our calls throughout 2012, revenue headwinds from lost accounts in 2011 were approximately 3% for the full year and a bit north of 2% in Q4. As you can see on the bottom half of the slide, our Integrated Agency Network segment, where these revenue headwinds are almost entirely concentrated, was flat organically in the quarter. Organic revenue decline for IAN for the full year was 0.8%. Organic growth at our CMG segment was 2.7% in the quarter. This is against double-digit growth a year ago and continues the solid performance of our marketing service specialists, including PR, branding and sports marketing. For the year, CMG grew 8.2% with strong performance across all businesses. Moving to Slide 5, revenue by region. In the U.S., our organic revenue decrease was 1% during the quarter, which reflects domestic headwinds of approximately 3%. By client sector, we saw continued growth in the U.S. in tech and telecom, auto and transportation and financial services. The consumer goods sector decreased due to an account loss last year, and the retail sector also continued to be soft. The pharma sector increased, though only slightly, due to new assignments, while we otherwise continue to see the category softness. We had growth in many areas of the U.S. portfolio, including our media business, our integrated independent agencies, CMG and McCann Worldgroup. Turning to international markets. Organic growth was 1.8% in the quarter, driven by Asia Pac and LatAm. This brings full year organic revenue growth internationally to 3.8%. Asia Pac increased 10.8% organically for the quarter, 11.4% for the full year. For the quarter, we were led by growth in media and marketing services. Among our agencies, Draftfcb grew notably. We also had double-digit increases in Australia, India and several smaller markets. For the full year, we had double-digit growth in China, driven by growth with existing clients as well as new client wins. In LatAm, Q4 increased 6.6%, a very solid performance on top of 30%-plus growth a year ago. We were led by marketing services, media and McCann, along with contributions from new offices of R/GA and Huge. We saw growth from multi-national and local clients and from new client wins. For the full year, organic growth was 8.6%, compounding double-digit growth in each of the previous 2 years. Brazil, our largest regional market, increased high-single digits for the full year, with growth across marketing disciplines. Turning to the U.K., our organic revenue decrease was 6.9% in Q4, primarily due to project assignments that did not repeat from a year ago. We have a relatively large events business in the U.K., and as we have seen before, it can lead to volatility in quarterly growth. For the full year, U.K. organic revenue growth was 4.8%. Continental Europe decreased 2.5% organically in Q4. While we continued to grow in Germany, our largest market on the continent, we had decreases in France, Italy and Spain, as well as a number of smaller markets. In our other markets group, revenue increased 2% organically in the quarter, which reflects our growth in the Middle East, North Africa region and South Africa, partially offset by decline in Canada. On Slide 6, we recap the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. Most recent data point is 0.7%, our 2012 result. Moving to Slide 7 and operating expenses. Our operators continue their effective focus on expense management while also investing in talent and capabilities to build our offerings around the world. From a year-on-year standpoint in the fourth quarter, total operating expenses decreased 1.4% organically, which includes a notable decrease in incentives, demonstrating the leverage on this expense line and our commitment to a culture of accountability. For the full year, total expenses increased only 0.5%. Total salaries and related expense were 55% of revenue in Q4. Base payroll, benefits and tax was 44.3% of revenue in Q4 compared with 42.7% a year ago. Underneath that, Q4 headcount grew modestly compared to the same period a year ago, approximately 2%, with over 1/3 of our increase from net acquisitions. The balance of our hiring reflects organic investment growing disciplines in regions, which was partially offset by a decrease in the U.S. and Continental Europe consistent with revenue decreases. Sequentially, compared to Q3, our headcount decreased slightly, as we were aggressive with our severance actions where required. Year-end headcount was 43,300. Severance expense was 1.6% of Q4 revenue compared with 2.1% a year ago, though higher than we had anticipated going into the quarter due in part to senior-level changes at McCann. Most of the actions we took in Q4 were to align our headcount with 2013 budgets by market and discipline. For the full year, severance was 1.3% of revenue. Incentive expense in the quarter was 2.2% of revenue compared with 3.2% a year ago, which reflects a Q4 decrease of 30%. For the full year, incentive expense decreased 20% and was 3% of revenue, the low end of the range we indicated during our last conference call. For the full year 2012, total salaries and related expenses were 63.1% of revenue. We remain focused on our objective of moving this ratio to 60% or less. The keys here are competitive organic growth over time and continuing to leverage our investment in business tools, analytics and processes. Turning to office and general expenses on the lower half of the slide. Fourth quarter O&G expense was $520 million or 25.2% of revenue, an improvement of 130 basis points compared to a year ago, with leverage on nearly all major expense categories. For the full year, O&G expense was 27.1% of revenue compared with 27.4% a year ago. Our improvement of 30 basis points is due to leverage on occupancy expense and professional fees. Occupancy was 7% of revenue for the full year 2012, an improvement of 20 basis points. Square feet per employee declined again during the year to 230, a 20.1% decrease since our year-end 2005, continuing our progress to our objective of 220 square feet per employee. On Slide 8, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis with the most recent data point of 9.8% for 2012. In '12, our limited growth made it challenge to expand margins for the 12-month period, but we also had strong performance from our operating teams on expenses. We are confident that our expense discipline positions us to resume our margin expansion in 2013 under competitive organic revenue growth with the ultimate goal of reaching peer-level profitability. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 9. Our year-end position in cash and short-term marketable securities was $2.59 billion compared with $2.32 billion a year ago. The comparison includes $800 million this year from our November debt issuance and net cash proceeds of $95 million from the sale of our Facebook shares in November. It also reflects over $450 million returned to shareholders during 2012 in the form of share repurchase and common stock dividends and a reduction of our long-term debt by $150 million in Q1. On Slide 10, we turn to cash flow for the quarter. Q4 cash from operations was $802 million compared to $717 million a year ago, including $408 million from working capital compared with $344 million. Full year cash from operations was $357 million compared with $273 million in 2011. As a reminder, our operating cash flow is seasonal. Our business tends to generate significant cash from working capital in the fourth quarter and use in working capital in the first quarter. Investing activities in Q4 generated $22 million, which includes proceeds of $95 million from the sale of our remaining investment in Facebook. Financing activities generated $570 million, which includes the proceeds from our November debt issuance. Primary uses of cash include $150 million for repurchasing 14 million common shares and $25 million for our quarterly common stock dividend. The net increase in cash and marketable securities in the quarter was $1.39 billion. Cash flow for the full year appears in our presentation appendix. It's worth noting a few items, namely CapEx, acquisitions and tax. Our CapEx was $169 million. As usual, this was divided between our IT investments and improving and refreshing our real estate. Our targeted CapEx, as we have said previously, is approximately $150 million annually, while in any given year, it can be north or south of that as level's a resulting of timing. During 2012, we invested $146 million in acquisitions. This included several digital specialist agencies around the world, acquisitions in healthcare marketing and a leading shopper marketing agency. Our M&A pipeline continues to be very strong. While timing can shift between periods, we continue to target $150 million to $200 million annually. We remain focused primarily on high-growth disciplines and markets, expanding our digital capabilities and opportunistically strengthening our presence in key world markets. Cash taxes for the year were $96 million. Excluding the effect of the Facebook transaction, this represents a cash tax rate of 17% of pretax income. We continue to benefit from our operating loss carryforwards and a cash tax rate lower than our effective book rate. In 2013, we estimate our cash tax rate will be in the range of 20% to 22%, still lower than our expected effective book rate of 37% to 39%. On Slide 11 is our total debt at year end from 2007 through 2012. You can see our trend of deleveraging over this period. The increase at our year end 2012 was temporary due to the double carry of $800 million we issued in November to finance the redemption of 2 debt calls in March and July. Excluding the redundant $800 million, the pro forma year-end debt level was $1.652 billion. Last week, we announced the call of our $200 million 4.75% convertible notes effective March 15. There are 17 million diluted shares related to these convertible notes. To the extent note holders participate in the call and do not convert, their shares will come out of our diluted share count. Should some note holders convert to common stock, we intend to address those shares in our open market repurchases. Additionally, in July, we plan to exercise our option to call our 10% $600 million senior notes at a price of 105. Slide 12 shows the total of our average basic and diluted shares over the last 3 years and, at the far right, depicts the total as of year end 2012. You can see that average total shares decreased approximately 14% between 2010 and 2012. Most of that reduction happened between 2011 and '12. A starting position for this year, 2013, is 457 million, on the right. That is already a going-in decrease of 5% from the 2012 average. As we pointed out, with our board's action this week, the total of our repurchase authorizations is $400 million, and we are addressing these shares in our remaining convertible debt. Turning to Slide 13. In summary, while top line growth was challenging, we are well positioned for 2013. We continue to build on a record of strong expense discipline. With a return to growth, we expect to resume our margin expansions in '13. We have significantly decreased our outstanding shares with more to come this year. Our plans to call both of our remaining convertible debt and our 10% note will remain in a meaningful benefit to interest expense beginning in July of this year, all of which means we are positioned for strong comparable EPS growth. With that, let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Frank. Well, 2012 challenged us in terms of growth, but we proved our ability to manage cost, continue to invest in growth areas of the business and drove significant value creation through our strong balance sheet and return of capital to our owners. Our results reflect strength in the digital capabilities across all our agencies, which continue to position us to capitalize on the rapid changes that are taking place in the media and consumer environment. This was evident across the portfolio at stand-alone digital specialists such as R/GA and Huge, within our global networks in all marketing disciplines and at our integrated U.S. independent agencies. Mediabrands posted very strong performance, demonstrating that the new media model we introduced 5 years ago continues to evolve ahead in the marketplace. Both UM and Initiative are strong brands, and the early indicators are that our recently created third network, BPN, is getting traction and opportunities for growth. The emerging media capabilities at Mediabrands, such as our automated trading desk, social and mobile offerings and ORION holdings are posting growth as they expand further into international markets. Our focus on marketing services is being rewarded, as CMG posted strong performance for the year. Across the disciplines, major brands such as Weber Shandwick, GolinHarris and DeVries in PR, Octagon in sports marketing, Jack Morton in experiential marketing and FutureBrand are all growing share in their respective areas of expertise and show great progress in building their digital talent base. Our U.S. independent integrated agencies are also very strong. They include Hill Holliday, Mullen, The Martin Agency and Deutsch, which works with Lowe internationally. The caliber of this group was highlighted by the recent announcement of AdAge's A-list of the industry's top 10 industries. Along with R/GA, Mullen and Deutsch were on the list, as was Lowe, whose Colombian operation, Lowe-SSP3, was named International Agency of the Year. Lowe continued to grow with Unilever, its largest client, win sizable accounts in key growth markets such as Brazil and India and further improve its standing as one of the industry's most creative global networks. At McCann, we made a necessary management transition to a successful long-time leader within IPG, Harris Diamond, supported by 2 outstanding advertising executives, Luca Lindner and Gustavo Martinez, who joined Harris in the newly created Office of the Chairman. The team has been well received by clients and other key constituents as well as internally. They've begun to add talent in key need areas, and we believe the company is on the right footing to deliver growth and enhance profitability. While Draftfcb cycled through a number of account losses, it nonetheless delivered on its profitability goals. The challenge for the organization is to take its fully integrated model and combination of art and science to the next level so as to drive organic growth. Upgrades in key creative roles domestically and a closer alignment with Mediabrands globally will help it in this regard. As we previously indicated, we're working with management to recruit the next leader for the agency. That process has been moving along, and we should name a new CEO by the end of the first quarter. In emerging international markets, our results were strong last year on top of outstanding performance in 2011. Across our 3 global advertising networks, Mediabrands and CMG, our presence in these markets has been significantly strengthened in recent years through our M&A activity and organic investment in talent. In the aggregate, we are now well representative relative to our competitors in key growth markets with notable strength in India, Brazil and the MENA region. Operationally, during 2012, we continued to show that we are increasingly disciplined and financially sound. We opportunistically tapped the capital markets to prefund future maturities, locking in the lowest rates in our history. With our board's ongoing support, we used our balance sheet to further drive shareholder value through our dividend and share repurchase programs, both of which we have enhanced to date, showing the continued confidence in the future of our business. Our credit profile was recognized by our extremely successful debt issuance during the fourth quarter. Most important, though, was our ability to respond to a volatile economy and our revenue headwinds by closely managing costs, also evident in our aligning incentives to the reality of our performance. Looking forward, the macro business environment remains uncertain in many of our larger markets, with measured growth expected in the U.S., Continental Europe remaining challenged and emerging markets likely to garner greater spend on the part of our clients, as was the case last year. Key client sectors will remain highly competitive with auto, consumer technology, financial services and retail likely to lead the way. For the most part, clients have strong balance sheets, and there was a continued willingness to invest, particularly behind those services where we can demonstrate our effectiveness. We are coming into this year in a much stronger position than 2012 with respect to account retention and new business activity. Our pipeline is strong with opportunities from existing clients as well as net new client pitches, and we have fully competitive offerings across our portfolio. We expect to return to organic revenue growth performance commensurate with that of our peers in 2013. With growth in the 2% to 3% range, we are confident that we can convert at a high level and resume the trajectory of margin expansion that we've shown in recent years, which would make a 50-basis-point improvement on top of this year's 9.8% operating margin an achievable target. Combined with our strong balance sheet and return of capital programs, this should put us in position to deliver EPS growth and enhance shareholder value in 2013 and the years to come. We thank you for your support, and now we'll turn it over to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Alexia Quadrani, JPMC.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you give us a sense of how revenues are trending so far in 2013? I guess, any colors you can give us in terms of client budgets and their outlook? And do you think you'll get positive organic revenue growth in the first quarter?
Michael Isor Roth: Alexia, always asking for the next current results. Look, the trend from the third quarter to the fourth quarter was positive. So obviously, we would hope that to continue. We don't give quarterly guidance, Alexia, as you know. The good news is, for example, in 2013, we had some nice wins in our portfolio. Most notably was the SABIC win in Saudi Arabia. They are a global petrochemical diversified company. And what we were most proud about that was that it was a pitch head to head against our -- all of our holding company competitors, and the integrated offering including Weber Shandwick and McCann really showed well in that pitch, and we're really excited about it. There are other wins in -- so far in 2013. So as we indicate, we're positioned for 2013 to deliver peer-level organic performance and expand margins. Let me -- and while you're here, let me just comment on the 9.8% because I know that's one of the questions. When we come to year end, we take a look at a lot of actions we can do in terms of achieving our targets and our stated goals, particularly at the end of the -- in the first -- fourth quarter, we faced issues like severance and, obviously, incentive comp, and we can take actions that potentially could hurt us in the future to achieve short-term goals. So for example, we made some changes at McCann, as we all know, and that carried with it a severance expense. So if you recall, we had indicated severance expense in the range of 1%. We ended up for the year at 1.3%, and we've decided that these are the actions that we need to take to position us for 2013, and as a result, that additional severance impacted our margin. The same is on incentive. Although we've indicated incentive comp is one of the key variables in our variable cost model, we still have to pay incentives to motivate and reward good performance, and certainly, among our agencies, we had very high-performing agencies that we had to compensate appropriately for their performance. So all of this together sort of indicates that we were a little disappointed in the margin. We're hitting 2013 with some good news behind us, and frankly, in our pipeline, we see some potential opportunities that, if they come to fruition, I think you'll be very pleased, as we would be, in terms of the revenue outlook for 2013.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then, Michael, just to follow up on it, I was pleased to hear that McCann Worldgroup was a positive contributor in the quarter. Looking at 2013, I know it's still early days after the change of management there, but do you think it could be, I guess, a real positive contributor in '13? Or do you think it'll still sort of trail the rest of the company's results?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, look, I've -- Harris and the team and I have been in a lot of meetings with them with clients. I think they really have been making their presence well felt within our existing clients. As you know, existing clients is our main source of revenue growth, and I'm very pleased the way Harris and the whole team have been received by our client base. So I think with respect to existing clients, I'm comfortable in terms of where we are, and I do believe that their offering is evidenced in the SABIC, as well as some other wins that we have out there. Remember, wins from existing clients don't make the headlines the way pitches do, so it's not that McCann isn't winning business out there. They have won business, and therefore, I'm comfortable that the direction that the new team at McCann is taking will enhance our overall profitability and move us forward.
Operator: The next question comes from John Janedis, UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Michael, obviously, Europe's been fairly sluggish for a few quarters now. Embedded in that guide of the 2% to 3%, does Europe need to move into positive territory? And is your visibility better today versus this time last year?
Michael Isor Roth: No, it does not have to move into positive territory. We said this before. We are not assuming a big recovery in Europe, and it would be great if it's there. Obviously, when you see a positive number for us in the U.K., it's reflected in our results, and we're pleased with it. But I don't see any great green shoots, if you will, that would turn that around in the short term, and therefore, we're not counting on it with respect to that number that we gave you.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: In terms of visibility across the broader platform?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, visibility in the U.K. -- in Europe, who has visibility in Europe? Every day, we wake up in the morning and we see new news out there. Look, Germany is doing -- performing for us. We hope that continues. We hope France stabilizes. That's an important factor for us, but we don't see any great visibility in terms of the turnaround, nor are we accounting on it. What we have to do is manage our costs with the consistent notion that we don't see the big recovery. So a fair amount of severance cost that you see comes out of rightsizing our businesses in those markets that are -- that we don't see turning around quickly.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then both you and Frank spoke about some of the changes at McCann and related severance. With Harris now in the role for 3 months or so, do you see much more in terms of incremental personnel change? And is there a potential for severance to tick up this year? Or do you think you're done there?
Michael Isor Roth: We always put out 1%. We always debate what the right number is for severance. We manage our severance based on the needs of the businesses. So as I said, we had put down guidance on severance of 1%. We came in at 1.3%. If you want to do the math, if you add the 0.3% to the 9.8%, you get to 10.1%. I know we don't have the luxury of doing that, but the point is, we make business decisions based on the needs and on long-term value creation. We think Harris and his team are focusing on talent where the growth areas are. I expect to see some additional talent added to McCann. That's consistent with where we said we would be, and so that's all built into our plan. Whether there's extraordinary severance as a result of that, we don't expect that, but we will see some key talent people being added into the growth markets to help us along in terms of the competitive offering.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Bank, RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions on the sort of balance sheet, generally. The first is, if you look at the combined retirement of the debt that's going to be funded by the $800 million you prefunded, can you give us a general sense of how much interest expense, annual interest expense reduction we should expect from that? The second question is you re-upped the buyback authorization, but could you give us a little bit better sense of timing as to when you expect to complete that $300 million? And I guess the last question is, when you look at your slide on sort of bank covenant leverage and you're below 1.9x slightly and you've got another kind of almost full turn of capacity and at very low leverage, how did you kind of -- how do you arrive at capital return decisions at this point, because it seems like you have a little bit more dry powder than suggested by the current authorization?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, first of all, what we said when we did the debt refinancing, that in 2013, we'd have a slight positive effect. In 2014, it should be about $0.05, and Frank and the team are shaking their heads. So that should be a $0.05 a share for us in 2014. The -- when we embarked on the "turnaround" of IPG, we said we were going to bolster our balance sheet, build up our cash reserves to secure any company that's going through a turnaround. We wanted to make sure we were well positioned. And what we said was that at the point in time when we felt we had sufficient visibility into the trajectory of where we were heading, we would start returning any excess cash that we had on our balance sheet to our shareholders. So when we instituted the dividend and started the share buyback program, that was us making good on the promise that we had excess cash on our balance sheet. We view shareholder buybacks and dividends as a critical component of enhancing shareholder value, and I think the $1 billion that we've returned to shareholders is a pretty good indication that we meant it when we said it. Obviously, as you go forward, the timing of when we buy in our shares is we like to use it on an orderly basis according to a program as we roll it out. But it's always a lever that you have in terms of share buyback, whether it be opportunistic or whether you wait as the visibility into the year goes on. And I think that's the way any normal company handles share buyback. So I think the key here is we've indicated how we view returning capital in the form of dividends and buybacks, and we will continue to do that, but we're not going to go out and say exactly when we're going to buy it and when we're going to increase it or not. I mean -- but I think you should get a pretty good indication of our board's view on enhancing shareholder value. On the covenants, Frank?
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes. David, we look at our leverage constantly. Right now, we're comfortable with where we are. We think that we've delevered at an appropriate level. We constantly look at maturities when they come due. I think you've seen us be very opportunistic in the capital markets to continue to strengthen our balance sheet, but right now, we're very comfortable with where we are from a leverage perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Chesler, Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: You talked about a 2013 growth outlook of 2% to 3%. Can you walk us through how you got to that as a sort of an appropriate or the most reasonable realistic outcome? Just like to get a sense for whether any past account activity is going to contribute negatively or positive to that number. And does net new business this year have to be positive for you to deliver on that?
Michael Isor Roth: Well, what we have said was, coming into 2013, the amount of headwinds -- as we've said ad nauseam, we had to -- overall, 3% headwinds coming into '12. That number for 2013 is about 0.5% to 1%, okay? So that is factored into the headwinds for 2013, okay? You then overlay on top of that the various forecasts for our industry. Of course, the one we pay most attention to is Magna and its forecast for the global advertising environment, and frankly, that's in the 2% to 3% range. So we're consistent with where we see Magna forecasting. Obviously, if the overall result in terms of organic growth for our industry is higher than that, we would hope to participate in that. So using the 2% to 3% organic growth for the year, we -- and looking at our levers to enhance our margin, obviously, SRS and a few other G&A type reductions, we're comfortable we can expand our margin. We used the 30% conversion rate on the incremental revenue. Whenever we delivered peer-level performance or better on the organic side, we've converted at, at least 30%. So that's how we get to those numbers.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Matt, also behind that are bottoms-up budgets by agency, by client that incentive targets for all of our people around the world are tied to.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just talk a little bit about Mediabrands. I heard you in the prepared remarks about how Mediabrands was a positive contributor, and you're clearly feeling good about that business. But can you put that in the context of some of the news articles that we read in the trade press or other places about some of the significant changes that you're making within that organization, whether it's kind of Draftfcb or otherwise?
Michael Isor Roth: Yes. Look, Mediabrands is a great success story for us at IPG, and we're quite pleased with its performance and its direction. Basically, the changes that are being made at Mediabrands are to further enhance their offerings and be competitive in the marketplace. By using Mediabrands as a focal point in the key markets, it avoids a lot of duplication in certain areas. It isolates some of the offerings that both UM and Initiative can tap into without, certainly, violating any conflict issues, but it basically focuses the business units in the markets that are growing with the resources that are necessary. So I think Matt and the entire team have done an outstanding job in really focusing on the needs of the clients in those marketplaces and what are the tools and resources that are necessary to compete. With respect to the changes at Draftfcb, when we formed Mediabrands, what we said was that we were going to align our global networks with the brands within Mediabrands. Initiative was aligned with Draftfcb, and that has been the strategy throughout our planning process. What we're doing now is basically solidifying the relationship between Draftfcb and Initiative so that we know where the resources are. They'll be within Draftfcb. They'll be where we --- they have to be in the marketplace, but they'll be aligned directly with Initiative, which is what it takes as far as the integrated offering goes in the marketplace. So all these changes are consistent with what we said the direction of Mediabrands was heading.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I guess 2 for you, Michael, one on Asia and China. You mentioned the strength in those markets has become now a pretty big business for you guys. Are there ways to sort of supercharge that growth by being more acquisitive? Or are these markets where you really need to build organically on the ground rather than go sort of buy your way into more client penetration? And then at the risk of beating a dead horse on the 2013 outlook, and thanks for humoring me, it seems like from quarter-to-quarter, the psychology in the industry can swing wildly, so I don't want to read too much into what we've heard so far, but it does feel like there's some incrementally constructive views of 2013 in the last couple of months. Surprising to me, anyway, post the fiscal cliff resolution, but it does seem like the outlook has gotten a little bit more rosy from maybe bleak 3 or 4 months ago. Do you share that view? We heard from Omnicom and a couple others. Or are you feeling a little bit more cautious maybe than they are? I know it's hard to be at -- to put yourself in their shoes, but just I wanted to see if you'd comment on that.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes. Look, we've seen better results in terms of revenue in the fourth quarter than the third. That's no reason for us, and I said, to raise the flag and victory is here. Well, obviously, seeing the strength in our global markets is encouraging, and fortunately for us -- I mean, the statement that our Asia Pac has exceeded Continental Europe, for us, is a pretty big statement. Unfortunately, one's going one way and the other one's going the other, and that's how that happens. But I do think that we do continue to see strength in India, Brazil, in China, obviously, Australia. So Asia Pac is performing well, and it's going to be a key component of the organic growth that we stated to you. How we get there in those markets is both: we have organic growth and acquisitions. I think if you look at the transactions that we've embarked on, certainly, in India and Brazil, we've made acquisitions in digital, in media, in traditional advertising, and those type of transactions were add-ons to our various offerings, whether they be Mediabrands or our global networks, McCann, Draftfcb or Lowe. So those type of transactions are built into our pipeline in terms of acquisitions and probably will continue. China, we have a little different strategy in that we chose to expand in China, which we have been doing organically more than through acquisitions because, frankly, the acquisition route in China, unless there's something really big out there, is a difficult one, and we're more comfortable adding key talents in the various networks that we have and respond to client needs in China that way. So it's a mixed bag in terms of organic as well as acquisitions, but I think the results that we've posted show that we've been very responsive to the marketplace. Our growth in Brazil is very exciting, and our offerings down there are truly among the best in the region.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Stabler, Wells Fargo.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple for Frank, if I could. Based on your prepared remarks, Frank, you've suggested that margin opportunity going forward is really going to be salary and related. I think you put a 60% of revenue target out there over the long term. Could you help us understand a little bit of the moving pieces in there? If we look at base benefits and tax, a bit of deleverage in the quarter and for the year. Can we see some improvement in base benefits and tax? Or are the improvements you're targeting really going to be in the other buckets going forward? And then secondly, does it matter where growth comes from? And when I say that, does it -- from a margin perspective, if CMG or IAN diverge significantly from recent trends, does that impact potential margin growth, or is it really a neutral? And then, likewise, on a regional basis? If the U.S. continues to be very sluggish, would that impact your margin target of 50 bps?
Frank Mergenthaler: Peter, on the margin growth side, the critical component here is growth and converting that growth at -- we put out a number of 30%, and we're pretty comfortable with that. And we've seen, in years with growth, we've achieved it. So if you do the math and, whether it be 2% or 3%, convert at that level, you may need some incremental leverage in O&G, but not much so that we're factored on -- we're focused on is continuing to drive greater leverage from our people. And we saw this year, in a no-growth environment, it's tough, right? We saw base and benefits move up a little bit, and we offset that by reduction incentives. That's not a sustainable model. We need growth. With respect to the margin profile, without getting into specifics, there are certain regions that are higher-margin regions than others. So there is some merit to -- depending on where the growth happens, how does that impact the overall product, sure. Right? And the U.S. is our strongest from a margin perspective without the -- throughout the whole portfolio. So that does matter.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, and so does the mix of business. I mean, all our businesses don't have the same margin. I know your next question is which ones or why. We're not going to do that, but the answer is the mix of our business has an impact as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Wieser, Pivotal Research.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: I just want to drill on a bit into both McCann and Draft because you did mention some favorable trends there. Did you see the -- what was favorable? Was it inside of some of the sub business units? By that, I mean McCann Erickson versus MRM versus Momentum? Or -- and it's the same for Draft. Was it -- did you see strength by country? Or was it by particular kind of client? One of the questions we tend to hear a lot about is, are these entities broken, and of course, we know that these are global networks that have a lot of strengths. So I'm just curious if you could characterize where the strength is because we know it's there. It's just hard to tell from outside.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, I'm glad you say neither of these, say, global networks are broken. All right. There are areas for improvement that we've been focusing on it. I think the key issue in Draftfcb is that it was cycling through some client losses, and when you do that, I mean, it's a tremendous accomplishment to be able to achieve your targets on profitability when you have to cycle through client losses. Of course, they've added new business during that period, and those -- and that business that was added goes to the issue of their competitiveness in the marketplace, and that was good. So the SeaWorld one, Fidelity win, these are the kind of wins that Draftfcb posts, and they started recovering against the client wins that they had. So we're comfortable with the competitiveness of their offering. A good amount of their wins are both in above the line, as well as below the line, as they say, but they don't view Draftfcb and nor do we in that context anymore. They're a fully integrated network, and that's the type of businesses that they compete in and win on. McCann, certainly, international was a good component for McCann, and that shows the breadth and the strength of the McCann Worldgroup. Your point on the Worldgroup versus McCann Erickson, MRM is a very powerful offering and showed some great client wins, notably at GM for sure, their healthcare businesses, Momentum. So they have very strong businesses in their own rights, but the McCann Worldgroup includes McCann Erickson. And when we talk about McCann, we talk about the entire global network, which continues to be one of the premier global networks in the business. And what we've been doing is enhancing its overall talent and business focus to bring it to the levels that we believe it should be at.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Dix, Wedbush Securities.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Just 2 things. I guess, if you could give a little color on what you think the predictability is of your full year margin and revenue targets given you have a fairly high reliance on the fourth quarter every year, in particular over some higher-margin revenues, including our presumed some pay-for-performance items, which will get trued up toward the end of the year? And are there any systems or initiatives, which you think you're putting in place on the inside that are improving your ability to kind of track that as you go through the year? And then, I guess, just secondly, how best should we think about the timing of achievement of your long-term peer margin goals? Is it -- is the best thing to kind of assume roughly that 30% incremental flow-through and then pencil it out based on whatever our own growth assumptions are? I just want to raise that just because it doesn't look like the industry's going to be getting to that 4% to 5% organic growth level, which I think was kind of a key assumption back at your Investor Day. So I just wanted to kind of revisit that with you.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes. Jim, I think that's a fair point. When we had our Investor Day, it seems like years ago, we did use a 4% to 5% growth number to achieve our competitive margins by 2013. Given the reductions in revenue growth that we've experienced during this period, I think it's fairly safe to say, by doing the numbers, as you just did, it's moved out about a year in terms of achieving our target. I think the key here is that trajectory is where we're heading, and we will get there. It make take us a year or so longer, but we're focused on getting there. As far as the reliability of our forecast in the fourth quarter, it's not quite the music business. I'm dating myself when I talk about the music business, where the records would sell in the last month of the year and that was the whole year. And so we do it from a bottoms-up, as Frank indicated, and the cyclicality of our business is built into our forecasting. It may not be 100% accurate, but it's there.
Frank Mergenthaler: James, remember, it's thousands of clients in 100 countries, right? So it's difficult to get any degree of predictability.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, thank you very much. We appreciate the support, and we look forward to an exciting 2013. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for attending. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Michael I. Roth - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Hersh Khadilkar - Morgan Stanley, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you do have any objections, then please disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome J. Leshne: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company, which are subject to uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you, all, for joining us for our review of our third quarter and 9 months 2012 results. As usual, I'll begin by covering key highlights and developments. Frank will then provide additional financial detail. I'll conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by the Q&A. Beginning with revenue in the quarter, our organic decrease of 0.9% was made up of 5.2% International growth and a 5.4% decrease in the U.S. These results reflect greater caution on the part of our clients, particularly in September, headwinds from 2011 losses and extremely challenging third quarter comparisons. As you recall, our industry-leading growth of 8.7% in last year's third quarter was driven by 10% growth in the U.S. and benefited from a revenue shift of $26 million from Q2 into Q3. In addition, we continue to see the impact from last year's account losses, which was 2.5% in the quarter, also notably, in the consumer goods sector, and in the U.S., that number was approximately 4%. In the U.S., we had growth at our media businesses, our digital agencies and the marketing service specialists in our CMG segment, as well as a number of our integrated U.S. independents. From a sector perspective, we grew in the auto and financial services verticals while the softness that we noted on our second quarter call in the pharma and retail sectors continued in Q3. The solid International results were on top of an outstanding performance in several markets a year ago. We were led by a U.K. market with an organic increase of 25%, which included several large assignments related to the Olympics. The Asia Pac region had solid growth on top of a 15% increase a year ago. In LatAm, organic growth was flat from last year. But it's worth noting that Q3 last year featured over 20% growth in LatAm, and the region is up almost 10% organically year-to-date in 2012. Turning to expenses. Our results in the quarter reflect careful and effective cost management. Sequentially, from Q2 to Q3, all of our major expense categories were flat or decreased. The only exception was pass-through expenses, which are directly offset in revenue, and this was due to our high volume of Olympic projects connected to the London games. Q3 operating profit was $131 million, and operating margin was 7.9%. Profit performance in the prior year period was the best of any third quarter in our company's history, which made for another tough comp. Q3 diluted earnings per share of $0.15 compares to $0.16 in Q3 '11, excluding the impact of our Facebook transaction a year ago. In the third quarter, we continued to drive value from our balance sheet. We repurchased approximately 8 million shares in the quarter for $83 million. This brings our repurchases to 19 million shares and 201 million through the 9 months. Over the past 12 months, we put approximately $600 million to work in the form of share repurchases, dividends and retiring long-term debt. Diluted shares in the quarter decreased 15% from last year's third quarter, due to our share repurchases and elimination of a convertible debt issue earlier this year, as well as dilution from our convertible preferred shares last year. Looking ahead, Q4 is always critical since it is our seasonally largest quarter and our most significant profit contributor. We expect to achieve revenue and profit growth in the fourth quarter. With respect to the full year, we anticipate positive organic revenue performance. Given our growth through the 9 months and client caution, we now expect a lower rate of growth for the year than we have previously targeted. In 2012, we will see year-on-year improvement with respect to operating margin. On a trailing 12 months to September 30, our margin increased 30 basis points. This demonstrates that we can enhance profitability at lower rates of revenue growth. Once again, Q4 will be key, but we believe that with organic revenue growth of at least 1% for the full year and a continued focus on cost, a 50 basis point improvement in operating margin remains attainable. By the end of the fourth quarter, we will finish cycling the impact of last year's account losses on our top line. Consequently, we're confident that we will be in a position to grow at the rate of our industry in 2013. Our track record of cost discipline means that with competitive growth, we are well positioned to achieve further margin expansion, ultimately, to our stated goal of fully competitive profitability. We continue to repurchase our shares and have additional accretive opportunities in our debt profile available to us over the next 9 months to drive incremental value creation. Now I'll turn it over to Frank and after his remarks, I'll return with some observations on the tone of our business at our agencies.
Frank Mergenthaler: Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, you'll see an overview of our results. Our organic revenue change was a decrease of 0.9% in Q3 against 8.7% growth last year. We continued our strong expense discipline across the company. Our quarterly progression from Q2 to Q3 was well controlled and year-end expense growth was 1.2% organically. Q3 operating income was $131 million and operating margin was 7.9%. Q3 diluted earnings per share was $0.15. We ended the quarter with $1.2 billion of cash and short-term marketable securities on the balance sheet. That total does not include our ownership interest in Facebook and reflects our share repurchase, dividends and deleveraging activity over the past 12 months. In that time, we also invested $190 million in acquisitions, focused in high-growth digital, marketing services and specialty disciplines, as well as high-growth markets around the world. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Our average basic share count for the quarter was 431 million, a decrease of 7% from a year ago, which reflects our share repurchases activity over the past 12 months. Average diluted shares for the quarter decreased 15%, which also reflects the retirement of convertible debt earlier this year and dilution from our convertible preferred shares in Q3 2011. Turning to operations on Slide 4, beginning with revenue. Revenue in the quarter is $1.67 billion, a reported decrease of 3.2%. Compared to Q3 2011, the impact of change in exchange rates was a negative 310 basis points. The effect of net acquisitions and dispositions added 80 basis points of revenue growth. The organic decrease was 0.9% or $16 million. Over the first 9 months of the year, organic revenue growth was 0.8%. As we called out in our last conference call, revenue headwinds are approximately 3% for the full year and they were 2.5% in Q3. As you can see on the bottom of the slide, the organic revenue decreases at our Integrated Agency Network segment was 4% in the quarter, reflecting greater than 3% headwinds. Last year's third quarter organic growth for IAN was 8.3%. Organic growth at our CMG segment was 14%. This includes project work from the Olympics in the U.K., as well as solid growth across our portfolio of marketing services specialists, including PR, events, sports marketing and branding. This performance is on top of Q3 2011 organic growth of 10.9%. Moving to Slide 5, revenue by region. In the U.S., our decrease was against growth of 10% last year and reflects domestic headwinds of nearly 4%. We saw growth in the U.S. for our integrated independent agencies, our media businesses and at CMG. We had client sector growth in the U.S. in auto, transportation and financial services. The consumer goods sector decreased, and as of Q2 this year, the retail sector decreased, but this was compared to a 30% increase a year ago. We continue to see softness across much of the pharma category due to in large part to the industry's patent cliff. Turning to International markets. Organic growth is 5.2%. That's on top of solid growth of 6.7% a year ago. The U.K. was a key driver. Organic revenue growth was 25.3%, which was helped by a portfolio of Olympic project work across a range of clients. Continental Europe was flat organically in Q3. We continue to grow in Germany, our largest market on the continent. We had a small decrease in France. It's worth noting that we continue to see pressure on the markets such as Italy and Spain due to the harsh economic environment. On a reported basis, double-digit percentage decreases in the quarter and 9 months reflect the effect of a stronger U.S. dollar against the euro. Asia Pac grew 5.3% organically and is up 11.7% for the 9 months. Q3 performance was on top of 15% growth a year ago. We were led by growth in media and marketing services, with notable increases in Australia, China, India and several smaller markets in the region. We grew with existing clients, as well as new client wins. In LatAm, Q3 was flat against 22% growth a year ago. The 9 months organic growth is 9.7%. In our other markets group, revenue decreased 1.8% organically, which reflects decreased revenue in Canada, as well as in the Middle East and North Africa region, partially offset by growth in South Africa. On Slide 6, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 1.4%, which is updated to include Q3 2012. Moving on to Slide 7 on our operating expenses. Our operators continue their effective focus on expense management. In Q3, operating expenses were flat to down in all of our major expense categories with the exception of pass-throughs that increase with growth in our events business. From a year-on-year standpoint, operating expenses grew only 1.2% organically, including the growth of our pass-through expenses, but the decrease in our top line put pressure on our expense leverage in the quarter. Total salaries and related expenses were 63.7% of revenue in Q3 compared to 63% a year ago. On a trailing 12-month basis to September 30, salaries and related leverage was 63.1% compared to 63.4% the same period a year ago, an improvement of 30 basis points. Our leverage on base payroll, benefits and tax was 53.8% in Q3 compared with 51.1% -- 51.5% a year ago, which is primarily due to our revenue decrease. Average Q3 headcount grew by 2% compared to the same period a year ago with approximately half of our increase from net acquisitions. The balance of our hiring reflects organic investment in growing disciplines, including media, public relations and in digital services throughout our agencies. It also supports our growth in markets such as China, India and Brazil. Offsetting these investments were decreases in Continental Europe and in the U.S., tracking revenue decreases. Quarter-end headcount was 43,500. Severance expense was 1% of Q3 revenue compared with 1.1% a year ago. Incentive expense in the quarter was 2.3% of revenue compared with 4.1% a year ago. Q3 reflects our lower incentive accrual compared to Q3 2011 due to our latest projections for full year revenue. Turning to office and general expense on the lower half of the slide. O&G was $475 million in Q3, which is an increase of 2% from a year ago, due to higher pass-through expenses. O&G increased $22 million on an organic basis, $21 million of which was pass-through expenses. These are direct costs offset in revenue. Moving on, we drove 20 basis points of leverage on occupancy expense compared to a year ago as we continue to find efficiencies in our real estate portfolio. Occupancy was 7.2% of revenue compared with 7.4% a year ago. On Slide 8, we show our operating margin improvement on a trailing 12-month basis with most recent data point of 9.4% for September 30. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 9. We ended the quarter with $1.2 billion in cash and short-term marketable securities, excluding our remaining ownership in Facebook, compared with $1.8 billion a year ago, a decrease of approximately $600 million. Comparison includes $440 million returned to shareholders over the last 12 months in the form of share repurchases and common stock dividends, as well as a reduction of our long-term debt by $150 million. We've also invested approximately $190 million in acquisitions over the past 12 months. Restricted marketable securities line seen here, $95 million, is our remaining 4.4 million shares of Facebook mark-to-market as of September 30. The restriction lapses in the middle of the next month. On Slide 10, we turn to cash flow for the quarter. Cash used in operations was $104 million compared with cash generation of $150 million in Q3 2011. Cash used in working capital is $240 million compared with the use of $34 million last year, due to the impact of trailing account losses and our slower Q3 growth. Investing activities, we used $131 million, primarily for acquisitions and CapEx. Acquisitions in Q3 reflected our emphasis on high-growth disciplines and expanding our digital capabilities. Our acquisitions in Q3 included a health care technology and market research specialist agency and a leading shopper marketing agency. Financing activities used $98 million, the largest components of which were $83 million for share repurchases and $26 million for our quarterly common stock dividend. The net decrease in cash and marketable securities in the quarter was $313 million. On Slide 11, we see our total debt outstanding at the end of Q3, as well as our year end from 2007 through 2011. Our total debt reduction since the end of 2007 has been nearly $700 million to the level you see here of $1.68 billion. Over the next 9 months, we will have additional opportunities to address nearly half of our outstanding total to further improve our balance sheet and reduce our effective cost of debt. In March of next year, we can call our $200 million, a 4.75% convertible debt, which includes 17 million diluted shares. In July, we have the option to call our 10%, $600 million senior notes at a price of 105. Turning to Slide 12, in summary, we are managing a challenging top line with disciplined cost control. We continue to utilize our balance sheet to drive value with additional opportunity in front of us, and we remain confident of our ability to drive margin improvement with sustained growth. With that, let me now turn it back over to Michael.
Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Frank. Well, as we already noted, during the third quarter, the combination of increased client caution, deep comps, especially in the U.S., and headwinds from 2011 client losses, again concentrated in the U.S., outweighed our growth internationally and at a number of our agencies. The momentum at Mediabrands and across the CMG portfolio continues to be positive. Those agencies are picking up new assignments, building leading-edge digital expertise and winning market share, particularly at Weber Shandwick and GolinHarris. We are also seeing strong performance at R/GA and HUGE, as well as within the digital capabilities embedded throughout all our agencies, including the U.S. independents. Draftfcb has made progress in replacing revenue from 2 large client losses, developing its offering in digital and marketing services and effectively managing cost. Lowe continues to build on its leadership position with Unilever and is a top creative network focused on emerging markets. The transformation at McCann continues. Major clients are increasingly seeing the best of its integrated marketing solutions, and we are committed to supporting this great brand by investing in its talent and its resources. New business performance this year is on a more solid footing, and we were net new business positive through the third quarter. Year-to-date, performance in the BRIC markets has been very strong with growth north of 12% on top of an even better performance in 2011. Relative to our peers, we are very competitively represented in emerging economies in our revenue mix, so we should continue to enjoy the benefits of being in those high-growth markets. We have outstanding agencies in India and Brazil across all our global networks. Brazil and Argentina are also providing to be promising markets for our digital agencies and a great source of digital talent. As we said before, our investment in China will largely be organic through talent acquisition and development. The other high-growth area of the business is digital. We continue to see significant progress across the portfolio. This is an area that has contributed very good growth year-to-date. We'll stay focused on adding to our capabilities through hiring and training, as well as incubation of new capabilities, such as MAP, our digital audience platform and automated trading desk. We'll also support further international expansion for R/GA and HUGE on top of a tactical digital M&A activity at our major global networks. To reiterate, we expect to see organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter and to achieve positive organic revenue performance for the full year. We're committing to delivering year-on-year improvement in operating margin for 2012. From the second to the third quarter of this year, we continue to demonstrate strong expense management. In fact, over the past 12 months, organic cost increases have lagged organic revenue growth. Therefore, as mentioned earlier, a 50 basis point improvement in operating margin remains attainable with annual organic revenue growth of at least 1%. It's worth noting that our 2012 incentive compensation plans were built around the revenue and margin targets we set going into this year. So accountability for performance against these goals is very much in place. Looking forward, we should be going into 2013 in a much better position than we did this year. We're positioned to achieve competitive growth, which, in turn, will allow us to deliver further margin expansion. We've also called out additional opportunities in our debt profile that will present themselves in the next 9 months, and our share repurchases and dividend programs will continue to be strong drivers of value creation. While this year has proven to be more challenging on revenue than anticipated, we continue to manage the business effectively. The quality of our offerings is sound, and we're focused on making improvements where and when required. We have great digital expertise and precedents -- presence in high-growth emerging markets. Above all, our ability to help clients manage in an increasingly complex consumer and media landscape represent a significant opportunity. These factors position us well for the balance of this year and to create shareholder value in the years to come. Thank you. I will open up the floor now to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani from JPMC.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just -- if you can give us a little bit more color on the weakness in the U.S. How much worse, I guess, was September versus the rest of the quarter? And anything one-time-ish in it, or should we just assume that the pullbacks will continue? I know you have some very difficult comps in the quarter. Just trying to quantify how much the weakness was sort of incremental client caution that you mentioned or just some sense of what the trend is in the underlying business going into Q4?
Michael I. Roth: Alexia, we were positive in July and August in terms of organic growth. So frankly, the decline in September was a bit of a surprise to us. But frankly, we're seeing that in the whole industry. I think we've seen it in all of our peers who I've mentioned. Obviously, that's -- there wasn't any one specific items that caused that, and what we're seeing as a general tone is this concern and uncertainty with respect to the macroeconomic environment. And I think, not just our industry, I think we've seen it in -- with respect to all industries, that we're seeing caution in terms of expenditures. And until this macro uncertainty is removed, I think we can't say with certainty what the outcome is going to be. That said, the fourth quarter has traditionally been our strongest quarter. And remember, last year, in the third quarter, we had this shift from the second quarter into the third quarter of a single item of around $28 million, which distorted the comps. So I think what we're seeing is consistent with what the industry is taking into account. Our comps of last year had some client losses. And we're cautious, but as I indicated, what we're saying is with at least 1% organic growth for the year, we should be able to expand our margin to, at least, a 50 basis point mark that we had indicated. But there's some uncertainty out there, and I think we're just going to have to manage our business. The cost controls that we have within our company, I think, are coming through very strongly, and you see that. And of course, our model is a vary based -- variable cost-based model, which is how you see the change in our incentive comp which reflects it. Remember, our businesses are compensated, including the corporate, by the way, on revenue and margin. So when you see a pullback in either of those 2, then there's adjustments in our incentive comp. That's how our model is built, and that's how our forecast and our modeling, going forward, takes into consideration.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And when you look at the very strong performance you had in the U.K., you mentioned the Olympics, obviously, was a big factor there. Could you tell us if you think you would've had positive organic growth in the U.K. aside from the Olympics?
Michael I. Roth: Yes. It wouldn't have been 25%, but the answer is yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Nathanson from Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have 3 for you. Just following up on the Olympics question. If you guys had the pass-through cost of $21 million, then logic would say that the revenues are going to be somewhere in the low $20 million range, right? That's kind of a logical assumption.
Frank Mergenthaler: There's some margin in that number, Michael.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Right. So I'll put a little margin, okay. I just want to get that clear. Second thing is I guess going back to the weakness in September. At what point when you're in the fourth quarter, do you feel like you have a handle on fourth quarter organic? I mean, is December the most important quarter -- the most important month in the quarter, will 2 to 3 months give you confidence? At what point when you come back to the market do you have a better sense of what fourth quarter looks like on organic?
Michael I. Roth: Remember, a lot of our project business is in the fourth quarter. And December is the critical month. If you remember, historically, whenever you look at whether there were good years or bad years -- and certainly, that -- not that I think we're in that position. But when we saw 2008, December is where it really came -- basically, the project business stopped, okay? We don't expect that to happen, but certainly, December is a critical month. So what we see in October and November is much the business as usual, and we just sort of see how it comes out in December. And we won't have visibility into that until we're close to it.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. Last question's for Frank. On flexibility of costs in the fourth quarter, aside from the comp -- the performance comp, is there anything else you have in terms of flexibility that you can bring down if you see that organic revenue coming down? Or are you pretty much locked in with a lot of your cost buckets in the fourth quarter?
Frank Mergenthaler: The biggest thing, as you know, with fourth quarter being our largest revenue quarter from a seasonality perspective, you've got correlated sequential growth and expenses. We're very focused now on managing that sequential increase in costs against that revenue, right? So that's the message out for everybody is focus very hard on kind of what our run rate was coming out of Q3, be very disciplined about adding cost as that seasonal revenue comes in on -- in Q4.
Michael I. Roth: This doesn't start if -- the basic thrust of your question is this doesn't start tomorrow, all right? And at the end in the second quarter, we did our bottoms up, and we said we better be careful with our cost increases. So we started managing those cost items that potentially are variable at the end of the second quarter, and that's -- and you're seeing some of that right in the third quarter. So I think that's a good example of how we are -- we have visibility into the cost side of our business, and we take actions as quickly as we can to make sure that the impact of those actions that we take are felt as soon as possible.
Operator: And our next question comes from Benjamin Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Hersh Khadilkar - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Hersh Khadilkar, actually, on behalf of Ben. Just wondering, given the more cautious tone on the top line environment, does it change your view on the buyback pace for this year and next?
Michael I. Roth: No. I think that's one of the great stories of our company, and that is we have a very strong balance sheet. We continue to anticipate that to be the case. And certainly, by year end and -- we continue to have, what, an excess cash position and financial flexibility on our financing. And as we indicated, we're committed to the buyback program. And we see that as a great indication to our shareholders that we're committed to enhancing shareholder value, and therefore, that's why we put in the buyback program and the dividend in the first place. And we see no reason at this point to change our views on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis from UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Frank, you've talked historically about the need for leverage in the SRS line to hit the long-term margin targets. I think this year most of the margin leverage comes from O&G. And so when we look ahead to next year, what kind of growth do we need to see on organic for improvement in SRS?
Frank Mergenthaler: John, I think we've demonstrated that with any growth we've gotten leverage out of SRS, right? So if you look at trailing 12 months, we've generated 20 or 30 incremental basis point of margin as of September 30, and most of that is coming -- or a good proportion is coming out of SRS. So we're very confident, with sustained growth, we can continue to drive leverage, and that will be a key contributor to getting us to competitive margins.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then separately, I guess, there's been a lot in the press about the pharma category. Michael, can you give us an update on those clients and maybe how that might translate into a headwind next year, if at all?
Michael I. Roth: Yes. I mean, what you -- there are a number of things that you're seeing in the pharma business. One of note, of course, is the consolidations that are out there. And frankly, we -- pharma is a very important sector to us, and health care is 15%. And we continue to view that as an opportunity for us, evidenced by the acquisitions that we've made in that category. So what we're experiencing right now is the -- a lot of these drugs are coming off patent, but there is a pipeline of new drugs and launches. And frankly, we are experiencing some wins in terms of new products going to market, and this is on a global basis. And so I think it continues to be an important sector for us. And I think as we move out into 2013 and beyond, pharma will come back in these launches of new products, and we certainly have the capability within that sector to compete very effectively and add to our growth as a result of it. I might add -- I know the questions are going to be on new clients. The J&J consolidation was out there, and we had -- I know Jerry had a lot of questions on it. So let me cover some of it right now. Good news for us on J&J, particularly on the media side, we mentioned in the last quarter that J&J had a review going with respect to its European media. I don't know if it's been out in the press yet, but we did pick up incremental -- and on that one, we weren't really doing any European media business for J&J, and we were successful in picking up new markets with respect to that review. So we're very excited about that, and it shows how strong our relationship with J&J is on the media side. So the next question is we do have a review on the U.S. side of the media, but I think the fact that we've picked up incremental business in Europe is a strong indication of our relationship on J&J and how they view our media offerings. So we're comfortable with that review as it proceeds. On the consumer brand review that they had, again, our strength in J&J is in the ACUVUE, in the pharma business and the media business. We had some consumer brands, particularly Tylenol, that we did lose. But again, the overall strength of our J&J business is in the other sectors.
Operator: And our next question comes from Peter Stabler from Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Wondering if we could get a little bit more detail about Q4 and the headwinds. You provided us some information, and I apologize if I missed this. Could you give us a sense of what the U.S. headwinds are in Q4 and total? And then I got one quick follow-up.
Frank Mergenthaler: The U.S. headwinds are 3% to 4%.
Michael I. Roth: And particularly in the consumer goods sector.
Frank Mergenthaler: And for the aggregate, it's around 2.5%.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And we all know that you're in the thick of talking to clients about 2013. Commentary coming out of your European competitor suggest not just fear, I guess, but also kind of hesitation. And just wondering if you could give us any color on the nature of the conversations. Do you feel like nominal GDP growth for you is realistic? You've already commented on your confidence around competitiveness. But if you had to take kind of an early look at 2013, any guidance would be great.
Michael I. Roth: Well, Magna put out a -- they put out their release, did they not? Yes, okay. I'm sorry. They did pull back slightly in terms of the macro impact on a global basis. So I think that's really what we're -- frankly, what we're seeing. The conversations that we've been having with our multinational clients, of course, is caution. But they also are viewing this as an opportunity, so -- which is exactly why you're seeing some strength in the emerging markets, because that's where our clients see the battle to be won or lost. So we are seeing very strong conversations about how they can either launch products or gain market share in those markets. And what we're doing is we're putting together plans to help them effectively gain market share or launch in those areas. And so I think that conversation and our results reflect that, that they're still going on. And I don't think you're going to see major pullbacks in those markets, because what I view as our enlightened clients view this as a good opportunity to gain market share. So we're right next to them in terms of helping them to do this. Of course, there's caution, as I indicated, and particularly in Europe. But actually, when you look at our overall International results, they're positive, which, given the competitive set in that area, we're very proud of the results that we're seeing on the international markets. So I think there's caution. We're concerned. But I don't see this as wholesale cutbacks the way we've seen in the past.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Chesler from Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just wanted to revisit the earlier question. I think the question was trying to get a sense for any of the revenue implications in 2013 from some of the consolidations that didn't go your way. Because I know you had made a comment earlier that you were net new business positive through the third quarter, but a couple of those consolidations didn't go the way -- I know some of them weren't as big as the headlines appeared. But do you  as you go into 2013, what's the implications from those losses?
Michael I. Roth: Yes. I think the big one that you're referring to -- we can't really comment on specific clients. But the one that you're referring to is the Pfizer consolidation. And as we indicated, there was some impact of that. A lot of it was local business that we already do, and it's not taking into effect until the end of '13 and '14. So we don't have a lot of visibility into that right now, but frankly, it's sort of business as usual for us. So we -- as we indicated, we didn't think that's going to be a material impact for us, certainly, going into 2013. On the other side of it, we have been picking up additional product launches on a global basis, whether it be in McCann, health care or Draftfcb, and our pharma offering at J&J continues to see that as well. So although there may be some exposure as a result of the consolidation at Pfizer, we are seeing some positive impacts and wins in our other pharma sectors.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Would you go as far as to say that you're entering 2013 with a tailwind or is it...
Michael I. Roth: I wouldn't mention that. First of all, I told the team I don't like to jinx thing. I'm kind of superstitious. So I'll keep it where it is right now, and we're net new business positive for the first 3 quarters.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, right. And then in terms of the buyback, do you think of your investment in Facebook is it something that's supplemental to your current authorization, or that would just help you deploy what you've already committed to?
Michael I. Roth: Well, I think if you look at our best -- past actions, when we sold the other half, the immediate thing we did was increase our authorization. I think that should give you an indication on how we view the Facebook and proceeds, if and when we realize them. My lawyers are looking at me like crazy.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just in terms of the bigger bucket for base benefits and tax. What kind of leverage, and what should we be expecting in Q4? Is it possible that, that can be down sequentially, given the -- that you guys got an early start on your expense controls?
Frank Mergenthaler: We don't expect this to be down sequentially, Matt. I do think -- we are expecting to see greater leverage out of it. Just because of the seasonality revenue growth, that would be very difficult to do to reduce it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente from Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple. I'm sorry if you said this but, Frank, did you -- were you able to parse out in the U.S. what the tailwind from Olympic-related work in the 3Q was in terms of basis points?
Frank Mergenthaler: What we said was it came at -- there's about $20 million of incremental Olympic work in the U.K.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: In the U.K.? Okay.
Frank Mergenthaler: U.K.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: What about the U.S.?
Frank Mergenthaler: Again, that's -- there's no incremental Olympic revenue in the U.S.
Michael I. Roth: Well, let me just comment about Olympics. Down the road, it's not immediate, but obviously, in Brazil, we have some engagements with respect to the FIFA and the Olympics in place. So that's pretty exciting to see down the road. So there are opportunities. Right.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then, Frank, I know you have some issues that come up in 2013, I mean, your balance sheet. So converts to call, I think that's March, and you've got 10% notes that you could potentially term out midyear next year. I guess the question is, is there any reason at all that you would not look to refinance those issues at much lower rates?
Frank Mergenthaler: No.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. All right, that's good. Okay. Okay, great. And then...
Michael I. Roth: Well, you heard my comments and saying we see opportunities on our balance sheet. That's what we were referring to.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Sure. Okay, got it, loud and clear. And then -- and finally, Mike, for you -- Michael, for you. I wonder -- it's just kind of interesting that CMOs in the U.S, you wouldn't be using this type of environment with capital kind of a little bit easier, to just go after market share, and so it's -- I understand there's caution. But I'm just wondering, is there anything else going on with respect to how CMOs are looking at the world? Are they taking incremental dollars and perhaps doing some more on their own, in terms of earned media? Maybe you could just provide us an update on what you're seeing in digital and technology. Are people maybe allocating dollars more efficiently to mobile or to social? And just wondering if what's happening is that because usage and time spend is moving towards those types of platforms, that they can perhaps spend and campaign a bit more efficiently?
Michael I. Roth: It's a great question. And the fact is that's where a lot of the action is taking -- look, just take a look at the increase in digital overall, and you can see how it's outpacing spend in other outlets. That doesn't mean TV and cable is not growing. It is. But "the Internet" and digital is growing at a faster rate. The notion of paid and earned media, you're spot on, on the point that our clients are looking to us to make sure that they get better reach, more effectiveness with less expenditure. And I was waiting to use this phrase on this call and I'll use it and that is that confusion is good. So this is where we earn our keep. And yes, the clients are saying, "I want to gain market share. I want to increase my exposure to the consumer base. But I want to do it in a much more efficient way." So we are seeing that, and ultimately -- and I don't -- they're looking to see more earned than paid, and it's incumbent upon us to have the tools and resources to do that. So we are seeing the impact of that, and frankly, you're seeing a lot of that. A lot of the reviews that are out there are on the media side, and the reason for it is because everyone -- they're looking for efficiencies. I might add, by the way, on the Unilever media pitch, I think that came to a close after the last announcement we had. And on that one, we retained the business we had, and we picked up some incremental business there, which also was good. But what they're looking for is for us to use all the tools and resources to be more efficient in how they spend their dollars. So it's not that they're taking the dollars and spending it elsewhere. They just want to get more for the same amount of money that they were spending. And in some cases, there's pressure on their P&L, and they're concerned about where to spend their money on a macro basis so we see some pullback. That's not the same as where we experienced before, just a total stop of marketing dollars.
Operator: And our next question comes from James Dix from Wedbush.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Two -- just a couple of things. Just going back to September, which seems to have been a tough month industry-wide. Do you have any other color as to where you saw, geographically, any more increased caution than anywhere else? Because for the quarter, at least, your International growth beat my expectations and seemed pretty strong. And so I was curious as to whether you had any more color as to what you saw in September, specifically, by geography, and whether that kind of mix of concern by geography is continuing in -- so far in the fourth quarter.
Michael I. Roth: Yes. I think most -- not most of it, a good part of it was here in the United States, and that was reflected in our results today. And frankly, the impact on retail is one of the areas that we've seen it. I think that's where the question of macro impact, of getting our act together in Congress and the uncertainties in terms of the fiscal cliff that we're facing, and I think you're seeing it on the retail sector. So it's likely to spill over to our caution on the part of our clients on the retail side, and so I think a portion of it is coming through there.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then secondly, I mean, if you were able to achieve your 1% organic growth, or at least that, for the year, what are the items that could cause you to have less than 50 basis margin improvement for the year? Is it just the mix of the growth versus headcount? Or I'm just trying to understand kind of how those dynamics could play out for the full year and what you're seeing in the fourth quarter.
Michael I. Roth: Well, one of the items that's in there, frankly, that would impact it would be severance, all right. To the extent we have to take actions and we see softness in the revenue, then historically, because of our variable cost model, it comes out in headcount. So you might see some -- right now, we're using 1% in severance. So you'll see a slight tick -- pickup in severance. The rest of it is pretty consistent of what we've seen in the past.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I guess finally, on incentives for the year. I know you've talked about 3.5% to 4%. I mean, it sounds like part of your lower accruals in the third quarter was due to the lower organic growth. Any general sense at this point as to what we should be modeling for that for the whole year, or is it just too hard to say?
Frank Mergenthaler: I'd probably say 3% to 3.5%.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Bank from RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Frank, I feel like every call for the past couple, I've asked you this question, which was when you think about the minimum amount of tailwind you need to get the operating leverage for the 50 basis points of margin improvement, what's the minimum amount of revenue you need? And I guess where the question is getting answered here in that, this year, at least, it sounds like you don't need any more than 100 basis points necessarily to get there. So I guess I'll take one more shot at it. What do you think is the minimum amount of revenue growth you need to get the 50 basis points of improvement? And then recognizing that this was a -- and there's a bunch of extraordinary things going on this year in terms of client headwinds and just general environment, what do you think you need on a more sustained basis over the next couple as you target the margin improvement? What is the minimum amount of revenue growth you think you need to get the operating leverage?
Frank Mergenthaler: I'll try again, David. For this year, as we called out in Michael's comments, that we believe with 1% growth, 50 basis points is attainable. What puts that at risk is the comment Michael just made. If, in fact, as we go through 2013 planning and revenue concerns move to next year and we need to take action with respect to headcount because it's a variable cost model, as Michael called out, there could be some severance pressure on it, right? So if we've got to take severance actions, we're going to go ahead and do that, and that may put the 50 basis points at risk.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess I'm asking though, like could you do it at lower than 1% or is that the kind of -- is that the...
Frank Mergenthaler: We said 1% gives us 50 -- 50 basis points is attainable, right? So...
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then more on a going-forward basis?
Frank Mergenthaler: Going forward, I think we're still in the same place as where we were on Investor Day, when we put the longer-term model in front of the investment community. We were at 4% to 5% growth. We think we can get 100 basis points of margin improvement, and we're still there. So we'd like to see -- as Mike said, we're going to be competitive with respect to top line. What that means based on macroeconomic situation, we're not sure yet. We're not ready to commit to that yet. But we think with 4% to 5% growth, we can get back on the margin trajectory that we called out on the Investor Day over a year ago.
Michael I. Roth: Let me weigh in a little bit here. We've consistently said that what we need is growth to expand margin. Remember, we're still not at competitive margins, okay? So we're in a little different position in terms of margin expansion. So when we say we need -- whether it be 1%, we can expand margin. I think what we've shown, if you look at our results through the 3 months, we've had a 30 basis point margin expansion, okay? And so the point here is that, directionally, we still have the opportunity to expand margin in a low-growth environment. To get to the competitive margin, obviously, we have to step up and have greater revenue. But for the thesis of whether we're in a position to expand our margin, then we don't need those kind of growth levels to consistently do that because of the variable cost model that we have. And if we weren't managing our costs as effectively as we are, then we couldn't make that statement. Now -- and I -- and you're seeing this in -- across all businesses now and, certainly, in the United States. The issue is a revenue issue. It's not a cost issue. Businesses have learned how to manage their cost profile. So even though people are meeting their objectives, they're meeting it by the cost side of the business, not the revenue, and that's really what's driving the macroeconomic concerns. And that is, at some point in time, we have to convert to a more growth on the revenue side than expense management. And that's the concern that I think you're seeing across all sectors. And so we see growth. We see margin expansion. But until we get real revenue pickups in terms of the macroeconomic side, that's when you see the greater expansion on the margin for us going forward, and that's a truism.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess just one quick follow-up. You've definitely have sort of spoiled us in your ability to generate the operating leverage off of a less robust revenue base growth. So the question really is in -- and I don't know if you can answer this one. But can you keep doing this? If you get -- no one really knows what next year holds exactly to within 100 or 200 basis points. But if you were to only grow, say, 100 basis points next year, do you think 50 bps of margin expansion is doable again?
Michael I. Roth: Well, I'm not going to pin 50 basis points. What I'm going to tell you is I just said...
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I tried, Michael.
Michael I. Roth: That on margin -- with revenue growth, we continue to be able to expand margin. And yes, the answer is we can keep doing that because we have a variable cost model. And -- but it's not going to grow at the rate that we'd like it to grow in a more robust environment. That's not even a robust environment. Our Investor Day, we said 4% to 5% organic growth, okay, which is, historically, what our industry has been able to grow. And what's holding the industry from historically getting there has been the macroeconomics. Remember, our position in -- and we've proven it is that we have competitive offerings. So now it's -- we're crossing the street with the crowd looking at macroeconomics. And so in a lower growth environment, then we can still grow margin but it's not going to be at the growth rate that we would all like to see. But it's a revenue issue. It's not a cost issue.
Operator: And I do have a question from Dan Salmon from BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Two questions. First, notwithstanding all the broader issues you've already discussed, how are you thinking clients may time their decisions on budgets for next year, in light of things like the U.S. fiscal cliff coming right up at the end of the year? Do you expect a delay in terms of when you'll be hearing back from clients? And then just secondly, any changes in the labor market for digital talent these days?
Michael I. Roth: Well, the changes are that it's continuing -- it's not a change. It continues to be very competitive. I think we're seeing less turnover. When you have a difficult economic environment, you don't see a lot of people jumping jobs. But it's still -- that's the area that we're still seeing a lot of competitiveness in terms of recruiting. The good news is we have great agencies and great clients, so we're -- we are -- have good places for those talented people to go and feel comfortable with the work they're doing. So I think it's a challenge, but we're up to it. And if you looked at our headcount improvement or increase, if you will, on the digital side and in the media side is where we're seeing our growth. So it shows we do have the ability to hire in there. When our clients are going to see the light? If all -- if everyone gets their act together and we have resolution of all the fiscal cliff and the sequestration and all the stuff that's out there, then I think 2013 will be a pleasant surprise for everybody. And -- but we're not going to see it all of a sudden in December, the floodgates are going to open up and happy days are here again and we're looking at huge growth rates. So I think it'll happen, but it's just a question of when all these other issues, and Europe, let's not forget the issues in Europe, all come together. And if we get resolution of all this, then I think we can return to the days when we see good, solid growth in our industry, and we'll see the margin expansion that we were talking about. But it is not a light switch that all of a sudden they just open up the floodgate. Because remember, this takes a while for people to get their plans together and for us to put -- to work with them in terms of how to spend their money.
Operator: We are now approaching 9:30. We will return the call back to Michael.
Michael I. Roth: Well, thank you very much, again. Look forward to our next earnings call, and thanks for your participation.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference call. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Michael I. Roth - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Matthew Walker - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Michael Nathanson - Nomura Holdings, Inc. Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Second Quarter and First Half 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir you may begin.
Jerome J. Leshne: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Thank you as well for your patience this morning as the release was behind schedule due to problems at our service provider. But we have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company, which are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us for our review of our second quarter and first half 2012 results. As usual, I'll start out by covering the key highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide additional details on our results and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies and outlook to be followed by a Q&A. To begin with the highlights, we're pleased to report Q2's diluted earnings per share growth of 16%, along with operating margin expansion that supports our targets for the year. Our organic revenue growth in the second quarter was 0.8% and 1.7% for the first half of the year. In the U.S., our organic revenue decrease in Q2 was 3.2%. The approximate 5% impact of last year's account losses more than offset sound U.S. performance. We had growth at several of our integrated agencies and across the CMG portfolio. Our digital services continue to make strong contributions. That includes both the capabilities we built within our agencies and, of course, our digital specialty agencies. Internationally, organic growth in the second quarter was 6%. In the Asia Pac and LatAm regions, double-digit growth was due to the strength of all our global networks: Media businesses, digital capabilities and our marketing services specialists. In the U.K., we again had solid growth in Q2, while in Continental Europe, organic revenue decreased moderately due to continued macro challenges. Turning to the client sectors. We had growth during the quarter in auto and transportation, financial services and food and beverage. As expected, we had decreases in the tech and telecom and consumer goods categories. It's worth noting that absent the loss of SC Johnson, the consumer goods category showed solid growth, a sign that our U.S. business is solid. In health care, we continue to see industry-wide softness due to patent expirations and regulatory uncertainty. Retail sector revenues in the quarter decreased due to some pullback from existing clients. These trends weighed particularly heavy on our U.S. revenue in the quarter. For the year-to-date, we are net new business positive. I'll cover specific wins when I provide detail on the agencies in my closing remarks. But we've seen good results thus far this year in major pitches, such as Bank of America, Unilever, as well as with growth with current clients like Microsoft and General Motors. While first half revenue growth is below our full-year objectives, we are targeting a stronger second half and our full-year objective continues to be 3% organic growth. Moving to operating expenses and margin, our results continue to reflect careful and effective cost management, along with disciplined investment in the growth areas of our businesses, through talent acquisition and development as well as targeted M&A activity. Q2 operating margin increased 30 basis points to 10.3%. For the first half of 2012, our operating margin was also up 30 basis points compared to a year ago. On a trailing 12-month basis, our operating margin increased to 9.9%, which is once again the highest level of 12-month profitability that IPG has posted in over a decade. We are well-positioned to deliver on our 2012 objective of 50 basis points or more of margin improvement. Q2 diluted earnings per share were $0.22, an improvement of 16% from a year ago. Diluted shares decreased 13% as a result of our share repurchase program and the elimination of the convertible notes retired earlier this year. We continue to place a priority on returning capital to shareholders in the quarter. During the second quarter, we repurchased another 6 million shares, bringing our first half total to 11 million shares. Along with our quarterly common stocks dividend, we returned over $170 million to shareholders in the first half of 2012. Given the seasonality of our cash flows, we are planning to increase our share repurchase activity in the second half of 2012. With that as an overview, I'll turn things over to Frank who will take us through our financial performance.
Frank Mergenthaler: Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, you'll see an overview of our results. Organic growth was 0.8% in Q2, result of solid international growth of 6% organically and lower U.S. revenue. Q2 operating income was $176 million. Operating margin was 10.3%, an improvement of 30 basis points compared to last year second quarter. The sequential progression of our expense base from Q1 to Q2 continue to be very well controlled. As a result, trailing 12-month operating margin increased to 9.9% and conversion of our constant currency revenue growth to operating profit is well over 30% for the trailing 12 months. Our Q2 diluted earnings per share was $0.22 compared to $0.19 a year ago. We maintained strong liquidity with $1.5 billion of cash and short-term marketable securities on the balance sheet at quarter end compared with $1.8 billion a year ago. That comparison includes having used $640 million to repurchase shares, pay common dividends and pay down long-term debt over the past 12 months. To be clear, the comparison does not include our remaining stake in Facebook. Turning to Slide 3. You see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail on the slides that follow. It's worth noting a couple of items. Our effective income tax rate in the quarter was 32.3%, which due to discrete items in the quarter is below what we consider underlying run rate this year of around 37%. Our average basic share count for the quarter was 437 million shares, a decrease of 8% from a year ago. Average diluted shares for the quarter decreased 13%, which reflects the retirement from convertible debt in March. Turning to operations on Slide 4, beginning with revenue. Revenue in the quarter is $1.72 billion, a reported decrease of 1.4%. Compared to Q2 of 2011, the impact of changes in exchange rates was a negative 280 basis points. It's worth noting that we were well-matched in functional currencies between revenue and operating expenses, so there was minimal impact to our operating income and margin from change in exchange rates. The effect of net acquisitions and dispositions added 60 basis points of revenue growth. Our organic revenue increase was 0.8%. In the first half of 2012, organic revenue growth was 1.7%. As we called out on our last conference call, revenue headwinds are approximately 3% for the year and our first half weighted with more U.S. impact than international. They mainly impact client categories in the consumer goods and technology areas. As you can see on the bottom half of this slide, the organic revenue change at our integrated agency networks, IAN segment, was negative 0.5% for the quarter. This is where the revenue headwinds from prior year account losses are. First half organic growth was 0.5%. Organic growth at our CMG segment was a strong 8%. We have solid performance across our marketing services portfolio and strong growth in every -- in nearly every region of the world. First half organic growth was 8.3%. Moving to Slide 5, revenue by region. In the U.S., our organic decrease of 3.2% was a result of underlying growth being more than offset by client losses from last year. We saw a growth in the U.S. from several of our integrated independent agencies, Lowe & Partners and CMG. We had client sector growth in U.S. in auto and transportation and financial services. Health care continue to be soft. The retail sector decreased due to reductions spent at specific clients. Pass-through revenues also weighed on our U.S. organic revenue performance. As you know, these pass-through costs are profit neutral, but they accounted for 90 basis points decrease in organic growth from last year's Q2. Turning to international markets. Organic growth outside the U.S. was 6%. U.K. revenue increased 4.2% in Q2 on top of 15% organic growth a year ago, which is a solid result. Growth was led by our events business, the continued international expansion of R/GA, and our media business. Our reported increase also includes the contribution of several acquisitions we completed over the last 12 months. Continental Europe decreased 2.5% in Q2. Given macro conditions, that continued to impact client spending, this was not a surprise. We had growth in Germany and France, but it was offset by decreases in other countries. On a reported basis, we have double-digit percentage decreases in the quarter and the half in Continental Europe. That is due to the effect of the stronger U.S. dollar against the euro. Asia Pac continues to be very strong. Organic revenue growth was 14.3% in Q2. We saw a strong growth in our media business, in marketing services and at McCann. This includes both new business wins and growth in existing clients. We have double digit increases in China, Japan, India and Australia. In LatAm, Q2 organic revenue growth was 27.2%, included broad-based growth across all client sectors. We were led by double-digit growth from McCann, CMG and media and had strong increases from Draftfcb, Lowe and R/GA. Growth was outstanding in Brazil, Argentina, Chile and Mexico also had strong growth. Our LatAm organic growth for the first half was 16.7%. In our other markets group, revenue decreased 4.2% organically in the quarter due to decreases in South Africa and Canada, partially offset by growth in the Middle East. On Slide 6, we chart the longer view of organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data points is 3.7%, which is updated to include Q2 throughout 2012. Moving on to Slide 7 at our operating expenses. Our operators continue their effective focus on expense management. In Q2, total operating expenses increased only 0.4% on organic basis compared to last year. Sequentially moving between Q1 and Q2, operating expenses remained very well-managed, and for the trailing 12 months increased only 1.8% organically, well below organic revenue growth of 3.7% over the same period. Total salaries and wage expenses were 63.5% of revenue in Q2 compared to 62.9% of revenue last year. On a trailing 12-month basis to June 30, total salaries and wage expenses were 63% compared to 63.8% for the same period a year ago. Headcount at quarter end was 42,800 people, a year-on-year increase of 1.7%. 1/3 of that increase was from net acquisitions completed over the last 12 months. The remaining hiring reflects investment and growing disciplines such as media, public relations and the digital services throughout agencies. It also supports growth in markets such as China, India and Brazil. Offsetting these investments were reductions in Continental Europe and the U.S., tracking our revenue decreases. Severance expense was 1.2% of Q2 revenue compared with 1.3% a year ago. Incentive expense in the quarter was 3.3% of revenue compared with 3.5% a year ago. For the full-year, we continue to expect incentive expense in the range of 3.5% to 4% of revenue. Turning to office and general expenses on the lower half of the slide. O&G was $450 million in Q2, a decrease of 2.3% on organic basis from a year ago. O&G expense was 26.3% of revenue compared to 27.1% a year ago, an 80 basis point improvement. We drove 40 basis points of leverage on occupancy expense as we continue to find efficiencies in our real estate portfolio. We had 50 basis points of leverage on our other O&G category. This is due to lower pass-through costs, which I previously mentioned. For the trailing 12 months, O&G expense was 27.1% of our revenue compared with 27.9% a year ago. On Slide 8, we show our operating margin improvement on a trailing 12-month basis, with the most recent data point of 9.9% for Q2 2012. As we have said previously, our target level for 2012 is to improve at least 50 basis points with our objective fully competitive profitability by 2014. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 9, we ended the quarter with $1.5 billion cash in marketable securities compared with $1.8 billion a year ago, a decrease of approximately $300 million. The comparison includes $490 million return to shareholders over the last 12 months in the form of share repurchase and common stock dividends, as well as a net reduction of $150 million in our long-term debt. The effect of the stronger U.S. dollar on our international balances also reduced that comparison by $80 million. We had a net cash inflow in August of 2011 of $134 million from the sale of approximately half of our interest in Facebook. A restricted marketable securities line seen here of $136 million is our remaining 4.4 million shares in Facebook mark-to-market as of June 30. The restriction refers to the 180 day period from the Facebook IPO date or until mid-November. The significant increase in value from our cost base is recorded as unrealized gain in equity and not through the income statement. On Slide 10, we turn to the cash flow for the quarter. Cash provided by operations was $157 million compared with $199 million in Q2 2011. Cash used in working capital was $16 million in Q2 '12 compared with the contribution of $67 million last year. In investing activities, we used $77 million primarily for acquisitions and CapEx. Acquisitions in Q2 reflect our emphasis on high-growth disciplines in expanding our digital capabilities. They include a London-based European digital search specialist group, a full service digital agency in France and a health care market research access agency in the U.K. Our financing activities used $112 million, the largest component, of which was $65 million for share repurchases, $26 million on our quarterly stock dividend and $35 million to acquire additional interest and consolidate subsidiaries. The net decrease in cash and marketable securities in the quarter was $72 million. On Slide 11 you see our total debt outstanding at quarter end 2012 and at year end from 2007 through 2011. This depicts our reduction of total debt over the last several years. Since the end of 2007, we reduced total debt by over $700 million. The net decrease of long-term debt of $150 million during 2012 took place during the first quarter with the retirement of $400 million, 4.25% convertible notes, net renumerations of $200 million, 4% notes. Looking ahead over the next 12 months, we will have additional opportunities to further improve our balance sheet and reduce our effective cost of debt. In summary, on Slide 12, we saw some pressure on U.S. revenue in the quarter, offset by very strong revenue growth internationally. We will cycle through the revenue headwinds by year end and we are managing through this challenge effectively. We are therefore on course to deliver the margin expansion that we have targeted for the full-year. This is a credit to our operators, who are managing expenses very effectively. Our cash flow and balance sheet continue to make significant contributions to value creation including 16% diluted EPS growth in the quarter. With that let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Frank. As always, at this time of the year, we review first half results with our operating leadership. We access the tone of business and gauge our outlook for the balance of the year. The tone of the business remained sound though the overall macroeconomic climate will require continued vigilance and caution. As we have shown, we effectively manage the business to deliver on our margin objectives. Overall, our pipeline remained solid and the revenue of our agencies need to convert in the back half of the year in order to deliver their plans as largely consistent with the trends from past years. For the year, we remain net new business positive. Significant wins in Q2 came from Bank of America, Microsoft, Unilever, SeaWorld, Aetna, Ernst & Young and MillerCoors digital. We continue to see the benefits of our digital strategy, in which the primary pillar is embedding digital capabilities at all of our agencies, enhanced by best in class digital specialties. Our investments in emerging markets are also being rewarded. In the quarter, Brazil, India and China posted combined organic growth of greater than 30%, and year-to-date, that number is more than 20%. Contributions to this strong performance are coming from across the portfolio, with all 3 global ad networks, Mediabrands and CMG all playing a part. The global expansion of R/GA is also taking hold and contributing to our growth as are MRM's international operations. CMG posted strong performance across-the-board at Weber Shandwick and GolinHarris as it expands its global footprint, Octagon and Jack Morton. We saw good wins at a number of our U.S. independents and for marketing service offerings in other areas of the group such as Momentum worldwide. Other notable events in the quarter included strong performance at Cannes, which validates the creative capabilities of many of our agencies. Of the 5 Titanium Lions awarded to ideas that redefine markets and drive exceptional business results, our agencies won 2. One from Lowe in Columbia, and the Titanium Grand Prix for R/GA on Nike. R/GA also took home the Grand Prix in the digital category. On the M&A front, the pipeline is strong. We are further increasing our digital footprint, especially internationally, and are looking to add our presence in emerging markets, including the BRICs. But also developing economies such as Indonesia, Columbia, Mexico and Vietnam. We also continued to look at high-growth marketing services such as PR, shopper marketing and the more sophisticated capabilities in the health care space. Frank mentioned the deals we closed in Q2. In early Q3, we've already finalized transactions in the PR space in London, for a full service digital agency in South Africa and a scientific content specialist health care agency in Japan, and just recently, a leading retail design company in New York that will give Momentum an even more powerful global shopper marketing capability. And we have another -- a number of other transactions in process that we believe will close shortly. Additional developments that bear watching are the launch by Mediabrands, one of our strongest performance of the brand programming network, a third global full-service network that should help us be more active in the pursuit of new clients and the continued rollout of Cadreon, our very successful demand-side platform, which should be active in 8 international markets by year end. In looking at the year-to-date, we see that we have posted both organic growth and margin expansion for the first half. We've outlined for you the factors that weighed on Q2 organic revenue growth, but we also have demonstrated our ability to manage through this and deliver to the bottom line, increase EPS and continue to return capital to our owners. It's important to note that our comps in the third quarter will be challenging given that we posted organic revenue growth of 8.7%, and increased margin by 350 basis points in Q3 last year. However, as we've often indicated to you, we managed the full year and we set our financial objectives on a full-year basis. For the full-year 2012, our objective remains organic revenue growth of 3%. Given our revenue performance through June, we are targeting a stronger second half to achieve this goal. The services that we provide to our clients remained in demand due to the speed of change in digital media. And our agency brand delivered full contemporary offerings and are competitive in the marketplace. With respect to profitability, our objective remains to deliver 50 basis points of margin improvement or better. Our ability to effectively manage expense is something that this management team has demonstrated in a range of revenue environments. Focusing on our clients will be key. We also stayed disciplined on cost and on deploying our financial resources and the strength of our balance sheet to support the needs of our business, return capital to our owners and drive shareholder value. Thank you. I will now open up the floor to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani, JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Could you just provide a little bit more detail on the softness in U.S. organic revenue growth in the quarter? The comps did ease meaningfully yet results were a little bit softer? Was it primarily the pullback you saw in the -- among the retail clients? And if you can also remind us what the headwinds from the account losses, the impact will likely be in Q3.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, Alexi. Well first of all, as I say indicated, the pullback in the U.S., we had approximate 5% headwinds in the U.S. as you know, notably from the loss of Microsoft on the media side and SC Johnson. And that's reflected in the sectors that we're focusing. The additional pullback was in particular with respect to retail. We saw a specific pullback at some of our retail clients, as well as health care. I think health care, everyone has seen that because of patents coming off-line and some regulatory issues, we've seen some pullback. So if you look at it, I think it is -- from a combination point of view of the headwinds, which are significant and the particular pullbacks in those lines of a -- those particular companies in those sectors, that accounts for the reduction, if you will, in organic growth in the U.S. If you pull those out, and obviously they're there, and we recognize we have to deal with that, but our businesses otherwise, are solid in terms of growth. If you look at financial services, they grew, food and beverage grew, auto and transportation grew. And obviously, as I indicated, consumer goods -- if you just it add back SC Johnson we had a good growth in the quarter. So I think the sense is that, there's nothing fundamentally wrong with our business offerings in the U.S, and our pipeline is solid and our businesses are performing. It's just taking us a little bit longer to cycle-through those headwinds. For the second half of the year, we're expecting 2.5% to 3% of headwinds throughout the second half. We don't do it by quarter, Alexia. But by year end, we will cycle-through all of that.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And any sense if the pullback in the retail group or the retail clients, was it Q2 specific? Or should we assume that pullback may continue to be a headwind in the second half?
Michael I. Roth: I wish I could tell you it was all just a timing difference, but I think a lot of it is subject to the macroeconomic environment. So let's assume some of it is timing, and let's assume some of it may be some type of pullback for the year. But we'll see how -- frankly, we'll know that in the in 4Q when obviously those are very sectors strong for us, and we'll see a real sense of their spend. We already have seen some pickups, if you will, in some fall programs, and we've seen some recent wins in those categories. So I'm cautiously optimistic.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just one last one. If you could update us on McCann? I don't think you mentioned it as one of the agencies that were particularly strong in the quarter. I'm assuming maybe some of the retail clients were there. Any update on McCann you could give us in U.S., I know that...
Michael I. Roth: Yes. McCann had a solid quarter for us, and I didn't mean to exclude them. I think the transformation of McCann is moving on. We've made some personnel changes that are very strong in terms of taking us into the future. We've had our operating review with Nick and the team, and they're confident in their ability to deliver on their results. And we support them in terms of some of the acquisitions we've been doing are in support of their offerings, particularly in the health care side of the business, which is very solid. The Worldgroup piece of the business, particularly Momentum and MRM, have very strong offerings, and with the personnel changes and the movements we're making our offerings in McCann, we are comfortable with the transition, and we are watching it go forward. So frankly, the results in the quarter were solid for McCann.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. The first is you kind of clarified the 3% organic revenue growth target. But given the volatility between domestic and international, I was wondering if you could give a little more clarity on what the acceleration you were expecting between -- or changing conditions you're expecting between those 2 geographic categories for the balance of the year? And the second is, could you give -- kind of talk about the ORION-Pitney Bowes partnership and how that sort of impacts the business itself in terms of potential operating savings for you and potential kind of revenue growth?
Michael I. Roth: Let me take Pitney Bowes. In the interest of full disclosure, I'm on the Board of Pitney Bowes. By the way, there was -- I can officially say this, there was no connection between my involvement of this and the relationship with IPG and Pitney Bowes. We have ORION Trading, which is one of our successful units part of the Mediabrands. They have very strong unique offerings, particularly in the broader side of the business. They saw a niche in terms of the ability to provide some outsourcing of printing facilities and frankly, they were looking for a partner that can deliver on a global basis and Pitney Bowes was able to do that. I think it's a unique offering. We think there's a huge opportunity for us in terms of servicing clients. This isn't necessarily just for IPG. This is for an offering of ORION Trading to the marketplace. So it's a unique offering. We already have some business in the pipeline, but that one is just a new offering. We're excited about it. We're particularly excited, I am, that it relates to Pitney Bowes. But we will see that as it unfolds. It's a very unique offering. It provide savings on the printing side, and so far it's been well-received in the marketplace. As far as the organic challenges for us, look, the U.S. is still -- obviously, it provides 57% of our revenue for the first 6 months, and generally that's where we are for the full-year. It's an important part of our offering. Our independents as well as our global networks have strong offerings in the United States, as well as the rest of our businesses, marketing services, PR, and these are very solid offerings and they're performing well. We are very comfortable with these offerings. If you look at the macroeconomic environment, the United States growth, depending on whose forecasting you use, is in the low single-digit numbers. And so what we put out for the year of 3% organic growth reflects those type of markets as well as cycling-through our headwinds that we had from lost clients. Obviously, a significant part of our growth comes from our existing client base. We have a couple of new wins that we've announced. We have a couple that are yet to be announced, and we have some pitches out there that we're in the finals on. So all of this, as we roll it all up, count on a recovery, a growth in the United States but not as large as we are seeing in the emerging markets. Asia Pac, Latin America, we've seen strong double-digit growth, and that's consistent with where we're forecasting from a global perspective. So if you look at our business, you see our business lining up pretty much where the growth in the world is, and we're falling in line with that's -- tells us that we're very competitive in all of those markets. And as a result, we're comfortable with the numbers that we're putting out there.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So is that -- do I take away from that, that your outlook for the outside of U.S. market should be pretty consistent with what we've just seen?
Michael I. Roth: Well, a lot of it has to do with our comps to last year. I mean, for example, we were just looking at this morning, Brazil, we were up organically 50%. That's a pretty good number. If I can [indiscernible] we can grow our business 50% every quarter, I'd be a happy camper. So a part of it has to do with our comps, but we do believe solid double-digit growth is consistent with the macro forecast that we're seeing, and we're delivering on those kind of results and frankly, in some markets better. So I think that will -- that clearly is consistent with the marketplace. We always have to put in the caveat of the macroeconomic. We had some good news this morning in terms of the European issues, but we don't -- that's today's news, who knows what's going to tomorrow. So that's why we always say we're cautious because obviously, this will spill over to other markets if it doesn't -- if we don't solve these problems. But our numbers are consistent with the global forecasting that we've seen out there.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of questions. One, Michael, if you look back historically, do retailers tend to be a leading indicator for the broader client base that you have? And maybe from a margin perspective, if you can't hit the 3%, I'm wondering how much below that 3% organic can you do and still hit that 50 basis points or more target on margin?
Michael I. Roth: We've always said, John, if we see slight organic growth, we can expand margins. And I think we said that on Investor Day when you asked the same question. And I think, we've shown our ability to manage our expenses very carefully. Now in order to continue to grow margin in a lower growth environment, we have to be able to do that. And I think if you look at our track record, you've seen us do that. So we're very comfortable with our ability to manage our margins in even a small growth environment, okay. And I think this quarter is a perfect example of how that works. We're ahead of the issue. We knew we had some headwinds. We knew we lost some business. We have to take some costs out of the business and as we pick up new business, we add staff and we only add staff as it follows the revenue. So I think -- I hope we're getting credibility on the ability to manage even in a lower growth environment. As far as retail being a leading indicator, certainly, some of this is unique to specific clients, if you will, and their challenges in terms of margin improvement and footprint. Some retailers are using this as an opportunity to gain market share. So although with some leading indicators certainly on the consumer side, I wouldn't use it as a major indicator for our global revenue.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Frank, maybe a quick one for you. You've done a great job over the years on the O&G line. Historically, you've obviously talked about the leverage in the SRS line and the need to see the revenue growth to do that. Assuming that you guys have that 3% organic, can we see the improvement in that line this year?
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, John, we've seen it. If you look year-to-date, we have seen SRS in the trailing 12 months, we've got 70 to 80 basis points of incremental leverage. So that's there as you well know, that is going to be a key component of us closing the gap between our current margin performance and competitive margins. We're getting the point in O&G, especially, in occupancy. We'll continue to focus on it, but most of the runway going forward is going to have to be in the SRS area, and we have seen progress.
Michael I. Roth: Now, if I might add. If you look at our footprint in terms of real estate footprint, I think we've always said we've done a tremendous job on that, but we keep seeing new opportunities. And I think our results for this quarter are reflective of the fact that when we see opportunities to consolidate space, to be more efficient in terms of fee per square foot per individual, we've been doing a great job in that, and we're seeing the effects of that, and we keep doing it and we expect to continue to keep our eye on those opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Chesler with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It fully seems to be that as you look through the quarters of that last month sort of drives the full quarter result. If you look back at the second quarter, was there anything about June that either increased your confidence in the full-year or made you a little bit more cautious?
Michael I. Roth: Yes, I think it's a fair question. We looked at June and that's where we see -- we saw a big impact on the U.S. side of the business. That's where, frankly, the specific client spend that we were looking for really showed up. So hopefully, as I indicated, some of that is timing, and we'll see a pickup on that. I think as the economy unfolds for the rest of the year, that will decide whether that pullback is greater or less for the rest of the year. But it was in June, and mainly it was in the U.S.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I can't help but ask you if you've seen it continuing to July.
Michael I. Roth: We've been focusing on preparing for this call.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On the buyback, you indicated it's going to pickup in the back half of the year. Is there any -- should we have an expectation as to whether that will be proportional to your cash flow? Although it's kind of hard for that to be since the first half cash flow is negative and it should be positive in the second half.
Michael I. Roth: Well, that's why we say we've been a little bit less in the first half, and we expect to ramp it up in the second half. We have a $300 million authorization from our Board. We never said that we were going to take the whole $300 million and do it all in one year. But it looks like we're spending a fair amount of it and if you read into my statement, that would be a little more aggressive in the second half of the year, that's exactly what it means. So if we spend $118 million to $120 million in the first half of the year, and I indicated that we'll going to be a little more aggressive in the second year half, then our intention is to be more aggressive. So I think you can interpolate from that.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: When is the next opportunity that the Board can discuss revisiting or upping that allocation?
Michael I. Roth: Well the Board can do it anytime they want. But we like to do this on a regular basis. So come next year, we will take a look at our authorizations, obviously, on the dividend, as well as the buyback. We've had some healthy discussions with our investor base as to their preference, as to whether dividends make more sense than buybacks. At that point in time, we'll make a presentation to our Board, and they will make a determination of what we do with our cash flow and any excess cash we have on our balance sheet. And we'll be responsive to what the marketplace is looking at. Of course, we have to be sensitive to any potential changes in tax law as to whether dividends are preferable to buybacks. All of that gets factored in. We also have a little thing that we call Facebook investment. If you recall the last time when we did have an opportunity to sell our Facebook shares, we used that as an opportunity to use of the entire proceeds from that transaction to increase our authorization. In November, our restrictions on our Facebook shares come off, and we're free to do whatever we decide to do. We've indicated that our Facebook investment is not strategic and will be opportunistic in the marketplace, and what we do with the proceeds if and when we sell, will be up to our Board and the market conditions. So that's another avenue we have in terms of returning money to our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to ask you guys a little bit on the revenue outlook as well. You called out a 5-point hit to U.S. organics in Q2 from account losses. Can you help us think about Q3, and into Q4? That would seem to be a number you have a decent grasp on just because you obviously know what happened last year?
Michael I. Roth: Yes. I think what we said was, we said for the second half of the year, not by quarter, we have 2.5%to 3% as it rolls off. By December all of it will have rolled off, and we'll start 2013 a fresh. We don't --
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just to be clear, the 2.5% to 3% is overall or it is that the U.S. I think the 5 points was the U.S. number.
Frank Mergenthaler: Correct. Correct. We said 3% for the year, first half weighted. So first half is in the 3.5% range that will incur the back half is, something less than 3%. And to Michael's point, we haven't given any color around quarters. That's for the back half of the year.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then you mentioned the Latin American comp, I don't know if you have basis point number you'd throw out for that piece. I know Q3 was up a lot last year particularly in Brazil, but you can see the LatAm number, just trying to think -- it would seem like Q3 is a tough comp in general, and so I just wanted to ask about that piece as well?
Michael I. Roth: Well, we had 8.5% revenue in the third quarter last year. That's a pretty tough comp in this environment and last year in the third quarter, if you recall last year our second quarter, we had some Latin American revenue that flipped from the second quarter to the third quarter, and that was in that comp number last year. So what that says is we continue to be bullish about our outlook for Brazil and Latin America. We have a tough comp, but we still think the businesses there are solid across-the-board. And for the year, we're comfortable with how it falls into our overall numbers.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just going back to the cash flow statement on acquisitions. I know last year, you sort of underspent your budget for the year, sounds like you got a lot of activity going on currently. I don't know if there's any way to put a finer point at what you expect for acquisition spend for the year 2012?
Frank Mergenthaler: Ben, we had said about $200 million of new money for the year, that's still probably pretty good number.
Michael I. Roth: Yes. By the way, that's just a guideline. If we see some really attractive transaction out there that we can't pass on, we'll look at it. But so far we haven't seen that.
Frank Mergenthaler: And to your comment about underspending last year, the reason we underspent there was a number of transactions that were deep into the pipeline, they just didn't close until this year. So the pipeline has been on -- has been consistently robust, actually for the past 3 years.
Michael I. Roth: What's encouraging is that our acquisitions are across-the-board. All our different segments and agencies on a global basis are -- obviously, they're digital. We've had some search companies in the mix. We have health care companies. We have PR companies, we have digital companies both in Europe and Latin America and India. So I like the fact that we're spending our money where the money -- where the growth is, and that's obviously good, and we're enhancing our offerings where we need it. So in McCann, for example, the question was about McCann, we added to their health care offerings, if you will. We added or we will be adding something, hopefully, in the digital capabilities in Europe. So I think this is a good opportunity for us to enhance our overall offerings and there are some transactions that are there that we find very attractive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So a couple of questions. First on CMG, continued strong growth there. I know that the PR assets are best in class. Can you give us a sense of your visibility into subsequent quarters on PR, then I got -- and all of CMG for that matter? And then I've got a quick follow-up.
Michael I. Roth: Sure. It's always scary. CMG, we like to think of CMG as a retainer base recurring model. And we're doing a lot of things particularly in the PR side and the event side that will enable them to do that, but we still have a long way to go. So we have what is known as to be generating where the business that we hopefully identify, but having yet realized. And in the CMG space that's a big number because that's the nature of that business. It is project-oriented and what's interesting is every year, we go through the angst of going through that and every year, they do great. And that's a credit to our people both at Weber Shandwick and now GolinHarris is rolling out on a global basis and having great traction. Jack Morton, as well as Octagon and FutureBrands are having very solid years. And -- but it's a -- and that was sort of bite your fingernail business. But for -- we're very fortunate when you have best in class offerings, they continue to deliver, and I don't see any reason why they shouldn't continue to do that. They're gaining market share. It's not just growth in the business. When you look at our competitor's results, particularly in the PR side, where we do have some visibility into what our competitors are doing, I think you continually see Weber Shandwick outperform our competitors on the PR side, and that's a tribute to that business.
Matthew Walker - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, great. And then the new business success that you called out, Michael. Just given the fact that 3% still remains a target, I mean, 2Q is a large quarter. We've got to assume really pretty substantial growth in the second half. Can you give us a sense to whether there's new business wins? It seems like they're going to be full contributors to both Q3 and Q4. It's not as if some of these things are going to ramp really slowly and only trickle in later in the year. Is that a fair assessment?
Michael I. Roth: Yes, I mean, like I said we're counting on a stronger back half of the year, and certainly some of the wins that we've already achieved are in those numbers. Frankly, there's a couple of wins in there that we haven't announced, that we hope to see flow-through, if you will, particularly in the fourth quarter, and hopefully, we'll be able to announce some of those wins as well. So we don't just pick of these numbers out of the air. Each of our business units do a roll up of where their pipeline is and where their new business flows in, and that's how we develop the numbers that we use. So clearly, new business is an important part of it. The real strength in our company is growth from our existing businesses, and that's where it's at. And like I said, in some of our existing clients, we already see some fourth quarter campaigns that we're going to be working on, which is giving us some comfort obviously as we go forward.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And lastly, I know the U.K. is a real small number, so need to be very careful with the organic growth numbers here. You see Olympics bump here?
Michael I. Roth: Yes, actually we will see a small Olympic bump, particularly on the event side of the business because that's where you see it. And we will see a small bump, but it's not going to make the year, if you will. But it's nice to see, and we're excited about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Michael, you mentioned, as you noted that across the industry there's a lot of weakness in health care, but also cited it as one of the areas where you're investing in. Are there may be drugs in your clients' pipelines that you're seeing? Are there specific areas of health care that you see rebounding that's driving that investment?
Michael I. Roth: Yes, I mean, that's a great question. Obviously, certainly, that's a question that our Board asked. If some softness [indiscernible] acquisitions, so it's a fair question. Look, we think health care is a very important -- we're very strong, first of all, in our offerings. All of global networks, Lowe, Draftfcb and McCann have very strong health care offerings. We have strong health care offerings on the PR side of the business as well, as well as the event business. So we see that as a very important segment of what we do. And, frankly, yes, there will be new drugs coming down the pipeline. Just to give you an idea, health care is about 15% of our overall business, which is a nice sector for us. And yes, there's consolidation in that business but the research extending through all of these things are an important piece of this. And we have the digital offerings, if you will, and the data to help our clients in that environment. So it's not just patents pulling off the line here. And yes, some of our clients are pulling back in that area, but we are trying to help them. We're here to help and certainly the recent transactions that we've been doing on research and the data and the digital part of it goes along those lines. So we still think it's a great growth opportunity for us. McCann health care, for example, is doing very well, as well as our other health cares. And we see some unique pullbacks because of specific drugs, and hopefully, we'll see them turn that around.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nathanson with Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Holdings, Inc.: I have -- I have still one for Michael and one for Frank. Michael, can I just get back to you with the question for a second? The question was I think, more narrow on maybe your sports and marketing offerings in the U.K. but in general, what kind of bump do you think you guys get from the Olympics in maybe late 2Q, early 3Q? Is there anything you can quantify for some of your response to work you're doing.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, we're doing it, obviously. It's -- This is some -- a bump, but I don't give out the number. It's not a material number. Frankly, we're more excited about what's happening in Brazil. The FIFA Cup, we see, is a big opportunity for us. We have strong offerings down there. We've already won some assignments for the FIFA Cup and we're going to have a very strong presence there, as well as the Olympics in Latin America. So frankly, we're looking more forward to those Olympics and what we're seeing here in the U.K. As you know, as you may not know, McCann did the advertising for the McCann -- for the London Olympics. Wasn't a big revenue generator for us, but it gave us more exposure and that's what we're looking for in that market, particular marketplace. So Olympics is a good thing for us. It's a good chance for us to meet some clients and work with them, but it isn't a big revenue enhancer for us.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Holdings, Inc.: Okay. And then to Frank, I know generally you shy away from giving too much color for guidance. When we look at you incremental margins, and look at your third quarter margin from last year, which was about highest margin, I think third quarter we've seems maybe a decade, right? When we look at this year's incremental margin for the rest of the way, should we be expecting this to be more heavily fourth quarter weighted than it has been in a long time? So how do you -- how should we prepare our own thinking about the margin lift the rest of the way?
Frank Mergenthaler: Michael, your comment about the third quarter is exactly right. It was the strongest revenue growth and margin growth we've seen here in a decade. So we're looking, talking full-year for the back half of the year, would have put -- it would put a lot of that, the growth pressure on the fourth quarter.
Michael I. Roth: And, Michael, and that's why -- it's not just because we had a little issue in the second quarter that we talked this way. When we were overperforming in the first quarter, we said the same thing, all right. You have to look at this business on a full year basis. We don't have -- our clients aren't interested in our quarterly performance, okay? And it doesn't come in at a level basis. So it really doesn't make sense. And I know you have to put together a model. I know you have to extend out what this all looks like. But we truly manage our business on a full-year basis. Our expense profiles are on a full-year basis, our revenue forecasting, our new -- everything is on a full-year basis. So it kind of frustrating. Put it in context, and I said this last year, I'll say it again. If you look at our quarter, we had $1.7 billion of revenue in the quarter. The differential is $35 million, if you were to take a consensus number on the revenue number versus where we're at. $35 million in the quarter on $1.7 billion for a full year. It's not insignificant in the quarter, but for the full year, we managed our business and all of these gets factored into it, which is why even in the first quarter, when we outperformed, we stuck to our target of 3% organic growth, and everyone kept saying, "Well, why aren't you upping that?" And the answer was we weren't upping it because we know we have headwinds. We know that this is a full-year business, and that's how we manage our business. So I wish I could tell you what is going to be in the third quarter, but we can't.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Nollen, Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Most of my questions have been answered already, but I do have one more, and that is regarding your tax rate and NOL usage, please. Assuming with Europe down on revenue terms, it's difficult profitably there. I don't know if you care to comment on that but if you could at least let us know what to think about tax rate going forward, please?
Frank Mergenthaler: We have said 37% for the full year was a reasonable number, and we still think that's a reasonable number. We had a number of discrete items this quarter that pushed it down to 32, 33, but 37 is probably a good number for the year. And on the NOLs, you're exactly right. We were overweight in the NOLs in Europe, Europe profitably is key to that. And with Europe down on revenue, utilization will probably be stressed a bit.
Jerome J. Leshne: Okay. Well, thank you again. We appreciate all the support and we still have a half a year to go, and look forward to our next call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Michael I. Roth - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Interpublic Group's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome J. Leshne: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on the website, interpublic.com, and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company, which are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC.  At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning as we review our first quarter results.  As usual, I'll start out by carving the key highlights of our performance. Frank will then provide additional detail on our quarter. I'll conclude with an update on our agencies and full year outlook to be followed by a Q&A.  Beginning with revenue. In the first quarter, our organic rate -- growth rate was 2.8%. Our comparison to last year was the most challenging among our peer set because of our industry-leading 9.3% organic revenue growth in Q1 a year ago.  Given this difficult hurdle, our 2.8% organic growth represents a solid result. Regionally, we were led by double-digit growth in Asia-Pac, fueled by a broad cross-section of our agencies, followed in turn by growth in Lat-Am, the U.S. and U.K.  Revenue decreased in Continental Europe where macroeconomic conditions, not surprisingly, continued to pose a challenge.  We saw growth at our IAN sector, which consists of our global advertising networks, our media operations, the U.S. integrated independents and our digital specialty agencies.  CMG's strong performance reflects the continuing growth of our marketing services specialist agencies and public relations that is Weber and Golin, experiential and sports marketing, as well as branding and identity.  Once again, digital services made a very strong contribution to our growth. This was true for the embedded capabilities at all of our global advertising networks within Mediabrands, at the U.S. integrated independent agencies and across the marketing services agencies that are part of CMG. It was also the case at our digital specialist agencies which continued to show strong growth and are making good progress in extending the service offerings and broadening the geographic reach.  Turning to our client sectors. We had double-digit growth in the auto and transportation and retail sectors, as well as growth in financial services and food and beverage.  The tone of our continuing business remains solid, but we did experience the negative revenue impact related to last year's account activity that we identified on our last call. Those headwinds were mainly felt in our consumer goods and tech and telecom sectors, both domestically and internationally.  Turning to operating expenses. Results in the quarter reflect continued careful cost management. This type of discipline is something that we trust you've come to expect from this management team.  Our Q1 seasonal operating loss was $39 million, a 13% improvement compared to a loss of $45 million a year ago.  On a trailing 12-month basis, our operating margin was 9.8%, maintaining our performance for the full year 2011, a level of profitability that Interpublic had not achieved in over a decade. Other Q1 highlights saw continued progress in decreasing outstanding shares and reducing our debt.  During the quarter, we repurchased a further 5 million shares using $53 million along with our quarterly common stock dividend of $26 million.  Given the seasonality of our cash flows, we chose to moderate the pace of our repurchase activity in the year's first quarter.  For the 12 months ending March 31, we have returned over $550 million to our shareholders via common dividends and the repurchase of 46 million shares. This is an accomplishment of which we are proud and one that speaks to our confidence that we can continue to build on the strong performance and positive momentum of recent years, another area in which we've taken significant strides in strengthening our balance sheet and overall financial position. In late March, we took another positive step in this regard by retiring our $400 million 4.25% convertible notes, which eliminates 33 million shares from our diluted share count. Concurrently, we issued $250 million of new 10-year senior notes with a 4% coupon, thereby, lowering our total debt by $150 million as a result of these 2 transactions.  With the first quarter behind us, we remain solidly on track to deliver on our 2012 targets as we continue to drive value for our key stakeholders going forward.  I'll turn things over to Frank now for some additional color and join you after his remarks.
Frank Mergenthaler: Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast.  On Slide 2, you'll see an overview of our results. Organic growth was 2.8% in Q1, which as Michael pointed out, was on top of industry-leading organic growth of 9.3% a year ago. We continue to narrow our Q1 seasonal operating loss, which was $39 million this year. Compared to last year's first quarter, we drove 50 basis point of operating leverage from our ops and general expenses, primarily on occupancy costs.  Trailing 12-month operating margin was 9.8%. The conversion rate on our constant currency revenue growth to operating profit for the trailing 12 months remains in excess of 30%.  Our Q1 earnings per share was a seasonal loss of $0.10, the same level as a year ago. We maintained strong liquidity with $1.59 billion of cash and marketable securities on the balance sheet at quarter end compared with $1.85 billion a year ago.  That comparison includes having used over $700 million to repurchase shares, pay common dividends and pay down long-term debt over the past 12 months. The retirement of our convertible notes in the first quarter dramatically reduces our diluted share count while our deleveraging is the latest step in a series of moves that have seen us lower our debt by $730 million over the past 4 years, significantly strengthening our financial position. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail on the slides that follow.  Our average basic share count for the quarter was 438 million compared with 476 million a year ago, a decrease of 8%.  During Q1, we repurchased 5 million shares at an average cost of $10.61. We had $298 million remaining on our board authorization as of March 31.  Turning to operations on Slide 4, beginning with revenue. Revenue in the quarter was $1.51 billion, an increase of 2.2%. Compared to Q1 2011, the impact of change in exchange rates was a negative 110 basis point while net acquisitions and dispositions added 50 basis points. The resulting organic revenue increase was 2.8%.  The tone of business was solid across most of our businesses and regions of the world, although, our growth rate also reflects the revenue headwinds that Michael mentioned earlier.  As you can see on the bottom half of this slide, our Integrated Agency Networks segment grew 1.7% on top of 9.7% a year ago.  Organic growth at our CMG segment was 8.6%, with solid performance across the marketing services portfolio led by strong regional growth in Asia-Pac, the U.K. and Latin America.  Moving on to Slide 5, revenue by region. In the U.S., we had 2.7% organic growth. Our independent agencies Lowe & Partners, Worldgroup and our specialty digital agencies all had a strong quarter.  Turning to international markets; again, focusing on organic growth. U.K. increased 2.5% on top of 9.2% growth in Q1 2011. Growth was fairly broad-based across our agencies and disciplines, as well as client sectors.  Continental Europe decreased 5.5% in Q1. Macro conditions continued to weigh on client spending while last year's account losses also weighed on performance.  Asia-Pac organic revenue growth was 16.9% in Q1, which is a terrific result on top of double-digit growth a year ago. We saw strong growth in media, marketing services and at McCann. We had double-digit increases in Australia, China and Japan. Reported growth was 21.7%, which includes revenue of our recent acquisitions in that region.  In Lat-Am, Q1 organic revenue growth was 4.4% on top of double-digit growth in Q1 2011. We were led by strong regional offerings of McCann, Lowe and CMG. R/GA offices in Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires also contributed. Our other markets group decreased 2.8% due to decreases in Middle East and Canada, partially offset by growth in South Africa.  On Slide 6, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. Most -- the most recent data point is 4.7%, which is updated to include Q1 2012.  Moving on to Slide 7 on our operating expenses. Total operating expenses increased 2.2% organically compared to last year. Our operators continue their effective focus on expense management. For the trailing 12 months, operating expenses increased only 3.1% organically, well below organic revenue growth of 4.7% during the same period.  Total salaries and related expenses were 73.3% of revenue in Q1 compared to 73.2% of revenue last year. On a trailing 12-month basis to March 31, total salaries and related expenses were 62.8%, compared to 63.5% from the same period a year ago. Again, we tend to recognize expenses relatively evenly across the 4 quarters while Q1 reflects the seasonality of our revenue.  Our total headcount at quarter end was 42,500, a year-on-year increase of 1.6%. The increase reflects our investment of growing disciplines such as media and public relations and in digital services throughout our agencies. It also reflects growth in markets such as China, India and Brazil. Offsetting these investments were net reductions in certain markets such as Continental Europe, where our focus has been managing our workforce to the appropriate revenue base.  Severance expense is 1.4% of Q1 revenue compared with 1.6% a year ago. Incentive expense in the quarter was 4.4% of revenue both this year and the year ago. For the full year, we continue to expect incentive expense to remain in the range of 3.5% to 4% of revenue.  Turning to office and general expenses on the lower half of the slide, O&G was $441 million, an increase of less than 1% both organically and reported. O&G expense was 29.3% of revenue compared to 29.8% a year ago. Underneath that 50-basis-point improvement, we drove 40 points of leverage in occupancy expense, which is due to both our revenue growth and lower lease expense.  On Slide 8, we show our operating margin improvement on a trailing 12-month basis with the most recent data point of 9.8% for Q1 2012.  As we said on our Q4 call, our target level for this year to improve at least 50 basis points on the way to our objective of fully competitive profitability over the next few years.  Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 9. We ended the quarter with $1.59 billion in cash and short-term marketable securities compared with $1.85 billion a year ago, a decrease of approximately $270 million.  The comparison includes over $550 million returned to shareholders over the last 12 months in the form of share repurchases and common stock dividends, as well as net debt reduction of $150 million in our long-term debt. We also had cash inflow last year of $134 million from the sale of approximately half our interest on Facebook.  On Slide 10, we turn to cash flow for the quarter. Cash used in operations was $498 million compared with the use of $801 million a year ago. As a reminder, cash flow in our business is seasonal. Working capital tends to generate cash in the fourth quarter, which is followed by the use of cash in the first quarter.  In this year's first quarter, cash used in working capital was $445 million compared with the use of $736 million a year ago. We pointed out in our last conference call that we expect to see more moderate cash use in Q1 this year as the follow-on to more moderate cash generation of the proceeding fourth quarter.  In investing activities, we used $21 million in Q1 primarily for CapEx. Our financing activities used $229 million, which includes net debt reduction of $150 million. We also used the $50 million -- $53 million per share repurchases and $26 million on our quarterly common stock dividend. Net decrease in cash and marketable securities in the quarter was $729 million.  On Slide 11, you see our total debt outstanding at quarter end and at year end from 2007 through Q1 2012. This depicts a reduction of total debt, which has seen us take total debt from $2.35 billion at the end of 2007 to $1.62 billion at the end of March 2012, a decrease of $730 million. By retiring the convertible notes in Q1, we eliminated 33 million shares from our diluted share count.  For EPS purposes, since the retirement in the current near the end of the first quarter, you should be aware that we will show a reduction for the full year of approximately 3/4 of that total with the entire $33 million out for next year.  It is also worth noting that at the end of February, S&P upgraded our outlook to positive, and just last week, Fitch reaffirmed our investment grade rating with an outlook stable. Looking ahead, over the next 12 to 18 months, we'll have additional opportunities for debt reduction and to further improve our balance sheet and reduce our effective cost of debt.  In summary on Slide 12. We are pleased with our performance in the quarter. This organic growth that reflects the strength of our offerings and our globally diverse businesses. We continue to effectively manage costs and believe we remain on track to deliver our financial objectives for the year. Now let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Frank. As you can see our first quarter performance represents a solid beginning for 2012. Organic revenue growth on top of the very strong Q1 last year, demonstrates that our agencies continue to be highly competitive in the marketplace and contributions came from across our portfolio. The companies within CMG continue to win market share and we are leading the industry in areas such as PR, experiential and sports marketing.  Of the growth -- other growth drivers in the quarter included our U.S. integrated independents, Mediabrands and Lowe. Across the group, digital services were strong.  During our recent calendar view meetings with our major operators, one of the recurrent themes has been [Audio Gap] continue to adapt our various offerings to meet the demands of marketing in a digital world. Whether it be at Mullen or Deutsche, Weber Shandwick or UM, at least half, and as many 3 and 4 new hires coming on stream, are individuals who bring digital expertise into our agencies.  We continue to see the benefits of our digital strategy in which the primary pillar is embedding digital talent at all of our agencies. Of course, having best-in-class digital specialists like R/GA, HUGE and MRM, as well as leading-edge offerings such as Cadreon and the audience platform, further enhances our digital capabilities and our overall performance.  Since the beginning of the year, we've begun to build new business momentums and we are net new business positive for the first quarter.  The commonwealth win at McCann will see us add meaningful incremental GM markets and revenue internationally. Worldgroup has also added a number of wins in its healthcare group. Draftfcb made good strides in replacing its SCJ revenue domestically with digital and CRM wins on Cox Communications and Discover Card, and also had significant assignments on the healthcare front.  Our U.S. independents and Mediabrands had strong new business in the quarter. The new business pipeline is solid. At this time, last year, we had a number of major clients in review. That is not currently the case. Instead of defending, we are involved in a number of new business opportunities in which there is significant upside. It also bears mention that our performance in the emerging economies remains strong. Coming off combined organic revenue growth greater than 25% in Brazil, India and China in Q1 of 2011, we saw additional double-digit growth in this group during the first quarter.  This result was led by China where our CMG agencies, McCann and Mediabrands led the way. Draftfcb also won a number of important new clients in the market.  In Brazil, performance was led by Lowe, CMG and R/GA. McCann also performed well in Lat-Am.  In India, we've had a very significant market presence overall, with Draftfcb, Lowe and McCann, all having outstanding agencies.  As you saw last year, we've begun to be more active on the M&A front. We do not see any area of vulnerability in our portfolio, but we are committed to investing in targeted transactions that enhance our agency brands, particularly in high-growth capabilities such as digital and marketing services, as well as high-growth geographic markets.  There's never been a greater need for informed advice as companies in every industry and all regions of the world seek to navigate an increasingly complex digital, media and consumer ecosystem. We are well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities.  In summary, we are pleased with the Q1 results. We know that Q1 is our smallest revenue period seasonally and while the headwinds we are facing will be less pronounced in the second half of the year, we have consistently cautioned against putting too much weight on a single quarter's results.  That said, we remain comfortable with the full year 2012 goals of 3% organic revenue growth and at least 50 basis points of operating margin improvement that we shared with you on our last call.  We are solidly on track to deliver on those targets. The significant deleveraging we've undergone and the strength of our balance sheet provide additional powerful leverage that should allow us to continue to support the needs of our business, return capital to our owners and drive shareholder value. The challenge for our management teams and for our people is to remain focused on the needs of our clients and building their businesses, which in turn will allow us to build on our success and create sustained value going forward.  I would now like to open the floor for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Alexia Quadrani of JPMC.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: If you can give us a bit more detail on the impact of the client losses you were dealing within quarter. Was January the first month of the revenue loss from SC Johnson? And do you think we'll be hit with the same sort of magnitude in the second quarter? And then, when do you circle pass through any other notable client losses that are still impacting the quarter?
Michael I. Roth: Yes. Thank you, Alexia. Well, we had indicated they actually -- and we started seeing the loss of SC Johnson in December of last year. So it didn't wait until January before we saw any impact. What we said in our call that we expected about 2% to 3% of headwinds for the full year and while we indicated it was over-weighted, if you will, in the first half of the year. So we will continue to see those headwinds certainly through the first 6 months, but we will continue to see some headwinds through the balance of the year. If you -- what's interesting about the headwinds is that it's somewhat overweighted in the U.S., Lat-Am and Continental Europe, which explains some of the lower organic growth numbers that we're putting out there with respect to those markets. So if we use the first half of the year, if we use anywhere from 3% to say 3.5% in terms of headwinds, that should give you a good idea and that should start trailing off towards the end of the year.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then other -- were there anything else real sizable that's also, I guess, above the normal course of business that also impacted Q1 or is it really the SC Johnson?
Michael I. Roth: Obviously, that was a big factor. Of course, we had the Microsoft media and we did have the Home Depot media flowing through. But again, Alexia, if we look at it from a full-year perspective, when we say we're comfortable with 3% organic, that takes into account the headwinds and basically how we see the flow-through impact of that throughout the year.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So it sounds like if the headwinds are the same and not getting any worse, maybe even getting a little bit better in Q2 and comps get a little bit easier, we should see, I guess, there's -- I know you don't give quarterly guidance, but there's a reason to believe things get a little bit better in the second quarter in terms of...
Michael I. Roth: It only took you a few minutes before you ask already about the second quarter, Alexia. But look, we again -- we don't give quarterly results forecast. We look at it from a full year. Obviously, there's some new -- there's some opportunities into -- new business wins that will factor into our results. So all we can say is that you see the existing headwinds that we have. We are comfortable with our overall objective. I hope to see some good positive announcements on some of the new business opportunities we are seeing and all of that will impact our second quarter results.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right. Well, just one more, but bigger -- big-picture question. On McCann in the U.S., I know you highlighted in some of your prepared remarks about the strength you're seeing outside the U.S. In the U.S. itself, are you seeing -- did you see growth year-over-year at McCann? And I guess, any color on where McCann is versus where you hoped it to be at this point?
Michael I. Roth: McCann, obviously, we've made continuing investments in new talent in McCann. And just recently, I met with the senior management team there. I'm feeling real good about our leadership at McCann and where that's heading. They have terrific plans in terms of opportunities that are out there. Of course, once in a while, you see some losses, and I'll anticipate the question before it comes. We just recently saw movement of some business out of McCann, L.A. Not significant in terms of dollars, but it is with Nestl. On the other side, you'll see an announcement recently of McCann U.S. winning a new project with Nestl Waters. So that's the nature of our business. We win some business, we lose some business. When we give you a full year forecast, it factors in all the business opportunities and potential [indiscernible] we see.
Operator: David Bank of RBC Capital.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. The first here is if you look at the growth that you generated in the first quarter and then, I guess, extrapolate it to your guidance for the full year, could you talk about how much of that organic growth or how much growth is sort of a function of new business wins versus existing clients? And has that -- did that surprise you at all in the first quarter? And the second sort of related question is if you think about the agency business, you kind of win some and you lose some. We obsess about these headwinds and stuff, but the reality is sometimes you win, sometimes you lose. If you look at the 200 to 300 basis point headwinds, how much of the 200 to 300 basis point is really kind of above and beyond in your mind that win some, lose some?
Michael I. Roth: Yes, let me talk about the first. This is the first quarter, so it's hard to pinpoint exactly how much is new business versus not, but the fact is in the first quarter, the growth that we're seeing is from our existing clients, okay? The roll off of our losses we know and how that's going to impact us and that's why we give you the numbers that we've given you, but we won't see new business wins impact until later on in the year. We're starting to see some of it in the second quarter but it should be through the rest of the year. The other thing to keep in mind is that if you look at the organic changes in our first quarter last year, we had some -- a very impressive organic growth in the quarter. For example, in the U.S., we had an 8.8% organic growth in the first quarter. So that's a very difficult hurdle with some headwinds to overcome so we're pleased with the changes that we're seeing in the United States facing that kind of organic growth. The same when you go to Lat-Am. Lat-Am, we had almost 14% organic growth in the fourth -- in the first quarter last year, so to show growth on top of that is fairly impressive. So that's exactly why when we give guidance, if you will, we talk about it from a full-year perspective, because we look and anticipate some loss business, we know what our existing client base, we've already stated that our strength is in our existing client base. We win some, we lose some. And the bulk of our organic growth from our existing clients is what drives our business. And that's how we operate our businesses.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But I guess -- if I could just sort of follow-up, so I think we understand then you guys have been really transparent in pointing out the headwinds. If you look at the year. Is it -- normally, like what is kind of the normal range of headwind? I guess what I'm asking? Where wouldn't you point it out? If it was like 100 basis point in either direction.
Michael I. Roth: Last year, we had about 2% headwinds. So to put one on top of the other, if every year we're going in with 2%, and last year, we had terrific organic performance versus our sector so we were able to, on a full year basis, overcome 2% headwinds. Obviously, we're driving to do the same for this year, it is only the first quarter. We'll be announcing some positive wins. We have a whole year ahead of us and so that is, if you want to keep that in mind, we've been able to overcome those kind of headwinds before. And still show very strong performance.
Operator: John Janedis of UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Frank, can you talk a little bit more on the leverage and the occupancy line? I think you've got a team working on that, but is that a good run rate on an absolute dollar basis going forward or were there some onetime items in there?
Frank Mergenthaler: John, there was no onetime items. We've seen progress on that line for multiple quarters. I think our centralized real estate team does a terrific job. We're constantly trying to co-locate agencies and markets, take advantage of scale, drive competitive pricing in markets on lease terms and we've been seeing that benefit consistently. So there's not a real estate transaction that can get executed anywhere in the globe that doesn't go through that group. And the group's doing a terrific job, and we expect it to continue to do a terrific job.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That wouldn't move very much, I guess, through the next couple of quarters?
Frank Mergenthaler: I don't expect to see. Again, we want to see consistent progress, John, but if you go back and track it, there's a magnitude of the progress over the past 8, 10 quarters, we're starting to hit a ceiling specially as the global real estate markets starts to turn and pick up.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then can you guys talk a little bit about how your multinational clients are thinking about their spending in Continental Europe? Meaning, are they reallocating to other faster growing markets outside of Europe? Or are they just taking the money and pulling back on that budget? And also, do you think we're bottoming in Europe yet?
Michael I. Roth: I wish I knew the answer to the question, whether we -- I hope we bottomed in Europe. Look, we had good results in the U.K. That's a positive sign, but, obviously, the rest of Continental Europe is challenging and there are pockets of light and there are still issues. Our multinational clients are focused on emerging markets, period. That's not news and frankly, they go where the money is and where the opportunities are. So that's why it's so important for us to have very strong offerings in those markets whether it would be Lat-Am, whether it be Asia-Pac and the rest of China and India, but also in markets like Indonesia and Africa and Turkey. These are markets that our clients are looking at to invest money and gain market share, and that's where we're going to see significant growth in the years to come. So it's not a question of just taking money and cutting back here and investing there. They are investing in growth, period. And if there's an opportunity to invest in growth, they will spend those dollars.
Operator: Peter Stabler of Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to get a little bit more color on CMG, if we could. First of all, any onetime items in there? I know it tends to be more of a project-based business. And secondly, can you give us a sense of the component there? Is this really being driven by predominantly PR? And then, how does this visibility for you, for CMG, kind of compare to IAN?
Michael I. Roth: Yes, I mean, you're absolutely right. The CMG business tends to be more of a project-based business. We're trying to get that to a model of recurring revenue stream. We're making some success there, but clearly, it's always interesting when we do forecasting for those businesses. Because it's a project-based business, most of their business is to be generated, as we say. But they consistently outperformed, so we're very comfortable with those numbers. We've had a very strong market in particularly in the PR side. Weber Shandwick and GolinHarris continue to be best in class. They win awards that reflect that, but the results -- more importantly, their results reflect that. Our sports marketing group: Octagon is having a very good year; as well as Jack Morton, which is our experiential marketing. So although Weber Shandwick and PR and Golin are the biggest piece of CMG, we are seeing good performance across all the businesses within CMG.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. And I'm wondering, you might be reluctant to provide this, but in terms of looking at Europe, if CMG is, call it, 17% of your revenue globally. I mean, are we talking about a distribution in Europe that is radically different? Is CMG 5% of the business over there or?
Frank Mergenthaler: Without getting specific numbers, Peter, it's small. The distribution is smaller in Europe. But they've actually invested in our growing especially in the U.K.
Operator: Matt Chesler of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So it was a good start to the year. Can you give us a sense as to if you wouldn't mind revealing how this compared to your internal budgets whether it was revenue or profitability or both? Just trying to get a sense whether -- you gave guidance. It's only been a month and a half and this is just the first quarter of the year, but whether you're feeling incrementally positive or in terms of hitting your full year target or whether your confidence is pretty equivalent to what it was when you first offered the guidance a month and a half ago?
Michael I. Roth: Well, I wouldn't say that we're solidly on track to deliver on these targets if I wasn't comfortable with those numbers. I hate to do this because all the accountants are going to look at me funny. But take a look at our incentive comp as an example, okay? We base our incentive comp on a full year basis, okay? And then, we have to amortize it through the year. So that is one line, if you want to look at I don't particularly like looking at it, but I know you're going to ask for example. So I'll use that went. Our incentive comp is in line frankly it's a little higher but it's in line with what we forecast for the full year. In order for us to do that, we have to be comfortable with the full year and we have to show that where our plans are coming out are consistent with that. That's the simplest way I can tell you that we're comfortable with the full year. Look, we want to drive to beat that. That's our objective, all right? We set targets that we think are a bit of a stretch but are attainable and that all our business units put together plans on where they think they can do better. So we're comfortable where we are right now for the first quarter. Certainly, we've got a lot of time left in the year, but the tone of our business all indicates that we should be able to deliver on these results and hopefully we'll do a little better.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Quick question for Frank. Frank, can you sort of lay out your thoughts as to deleveraging further from this point in time? I mean, the way that you handled the transactions in the quarter are somewhat indicative of a current desire to delever a bit so far this year, but really not clear what's your thoughts are beyond that point?
Frank Mergenthaler: I mean, Matt, you can expect to see further deleveraging for us, I don't want to put a number on it, and we've got material opportunity a year from now when we've got some more converts out there, depending on what share price is. And we also have some expensive securities that mature in 2017 with a coupon of 10% that we can buy in or refinance at a slight premium. So those are things you can expect this management team to be aggressive in looking at options and driving the cost of our funding down plus probably deleveraging along with it.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And when you talk about deleveraging, Frank, I mean are you talking about sort of the multiple or are you also referring to absolute pay down of gross debt. And just on those 10%s, when is the first opportunity that you're able to go at them?
Frank Mergenthaler: Second quarter of next year, we can go at them with a locked-in premium, which is manageable, because right now they're trading at a very expensive premium. So we probably won't touch them until that strike price is locked in. And you can expect actual gross debt to come down somewhat.
Michael I. Roth: A good example of our approach to the balance sheet is look at our debt offering. We borrowed 250, we were very pleased with our ability and our reaction in the marketplace. It was oversubscribed many times over. And frankly, we could have loaded up on debt there at a very attractive rate and we chose not to. And so we chose to take that $150 million and reduce our debt. So I think that should give you a good indication, one, of our confidence in our ability to perform in the future, and 2, where we look to see where we put our capital. And so we can -- the Board authorized the new share buyback program of $300 million, which we are now starting to eat into, so we finished the $450 million authorization. And from a balance sheet point of view, we're very comfortable, but as Frank said, we're going to be very opportunistic in terms of the marketplace and where do we use our capital and what are the right objectives. Our objectives are to grow our business and enhance shareholder value. And that's the analysis we go through every time we see an opportunity.
Operator: Michael Nathanson of Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have a couple. Let me start with China for a second. If you look at your Asia-Pac number for this quarter, how big is China within Asia-Pac? And in terms of the business you're winning, what's the difference there between your CMG offerings and IAN? So what's driving China, and how big is it?
Michael I. Roth: Well, we don't give out specific numbers by country. We do -- Asia-Pac, we do give out numbers. It's -- obviously, Asia-Pac is becoming a bigger piece of our business. Overall, let's assume Asia-Pac is 11% or so. And clearly, China is an important part of that, although, it's certainly not the largest part of Asia-Pac.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of how do you get bigger in China? How do you go about it's now fourth or maybe the third biggest advertising market in the world. So how do you to get into China more aggressively?
Michael I. Roth: Yes. We are -- the first thing you have to do in China is to make sure you have new talent and good talent. And if you look at, for example, we just beefed-up our talent in McCann in China with the addition of Jesse and some other people. CMG has repositioned its offerings in China and so talent is what drives the business in China. It's kind of a illusory to go out and buy businesses in China that frankly a year from now, they're not even going to be there. So we will be strategic if we see some attractive bolt-ons, if you will, to any transactions in China. We will look at them. We'll try to get comfortable with retention of the people and the book of business. But our primary focus in China is to grow organically through getting great talent and working with our multinationals as well as focusing on local clients. For example, some of our businesses, because of our multinationals, have a good core agency and they're growing locally, which is I think, eventually, as we go out beyond the key cities, we have to be able to have talent to focus on that growth locally. And that's how we're going to grow it.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. Can I just ask one for Frank. I guess, the deleveraging have been a little bit less aggressively than maybe I would've have thought, given how much cash you have on the balance sheet. So just can you walk me through the thinking for both of you guys of, I know the rates were low -- you took advantage of that -- but why even go to debt market when you have so much cash on your books? Is there just a level of cash you want to always have just in case? So walk me through why you didn't tap into that market to this point?
Frank Mergenthaler: As Michael pointed out in his comments earlier. There are a bunch of cash calls around trying to drive shareholder value. So we're trying to manage our way through where we put our money against M&A, where we put our money with respect to share repurchase, where we put our money in dividends. So we're looking at multiple uses for our cash. When we evaluated our options, the 2 things we concluded on was, one, we wanted to deleverage and we will continue to delever and we wanted to do it in a way that was thoughtful and take advantage of very, very attractive markets. So I think the transactions we did, delevering by $150 million and also tapping a very attractive debt market, I think, was a very well balanced, thought-out strategy. And I think going forward, you'll continue to see us in a similar path. We look at all options that I think will be fairly thoughtful around what we're going to do with respect to delevering further and also tapping a very attractive capital markets.
Michael I. Roth: The same kind of conversation we had on whether we do share buybacks versus dividends. And frankly, one of the issues that we have to address is whether the tax law is going to change and what impact that will be. So we want to make sure we are flexible in terms of our cash and basically to meet the objectives of our shareholders. I mean, certainly, there's an argument, aside from not tapping the debt market at all, there's an argument that giving rates, being so low, we should have borrowed as much as we could and be opportunistic and then figure out what to do with the money in terms of whether it be share buyback or whatever. We don't want to be knee-jerk reaction to that, but we want to make sure we're participating. So I think the message you should take away from what we did in the debt offering is we were opportunistic, we saw some good rates and we took advantage of it. We were conscious of our investment grade rating and we still have one more to go. And we want to make sure by the end of the year, we're positioned, so that we finally get them to move on that, and we're hopeful that they will. And so all of our various constituencies are affected by whatever decision we make and by our dividend policy, by our share buyback policy, by deleveraging. All of that rolls up into how we enhance shareholder value and we will continue to make those calls as they come up and as we see opportunities. I think that's what you want us to do in terms of our management team.
Operator: Tim Nollen of Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Tim Nollen from Macquarie. Two questions, actually, please. First just following up on the cost questions. I think it's nice to see staff cost organically rising just about in line just below a fact, I guess, organic revenue growth, and even better to see the O&G line and remaining very, very low. Could you just let us -- do you have specific targets in mind that gets you to what you're considering a peer level performance a few years out in terms of those 2 lines? I think I know what they are, but I just want to make sure you're on track and what those numbers are. And then secondly, could you please talk about what you're seeing in terms of shifting budgets from TV or the broadcast or cable into online video, industry-wide, what you're seeing and more importantly for you, how that impacts you, if at all?
Michael I. Roth: The shifting is the ongoing question. Every year, everyone says TV is dead. Everything is going online and yet you see organic growth in TV. So here I go, I mean, I'm just going to tell you and I said it in my remarks, advice in terms of way you spend your money right now is critical. Analytics, in terms of where you spend your money are critical, which is why we're investing our money in talent and resources and tools to make that decision. Clearly, online spending and video and the web are all significant growth opportunities and we have the resources and talents to work it, but traditional TV hasn't gone away. Now you can look at the forecast and say that the rate that it's going, eventually, Internet is going to overtake it, who knows. But right now, we have to be able to be responsive to all of that, and in some cases, traditional TV works. In some cases, it doesn't. And we do see a considerable amount of our client dollars focusing on digital and web-based video. And certainly, the issue of the over-the-top and all these things are issues that we have to be able to address. And frankly, that confusion is good for us because that's where we earn our stripes in terms of advising our clients.
Frank Mergenthaler: And, Tim, on the cost profile as we close the difference between where we are and competitive margins, we hope to continue to see progress against the O&G performance although we're starting to bottom out. So the real leverage is going to be around staff costs. And when you look at a fully loaded staff cost ratio, that number has got to be less than 60%. And right now, it's -- we've made significant progress but we need -- there's still room to grow. When we look at the various components, it's getting greater operating leverage out of our base salaries and being very aggressive in things like temporary labor. And it's an area that all of our operating groups have been extremely focused on for years, have invested aggressively against technology and tools to allow them better visibility into things like staff utilization. And it's the metric quite frankly every time Michael and I meet with our operating folks we spend the most time on other than revenue. So that's the area that if we are going to close the gap or when we close the gap, that's the area we need to see the greatest leverage.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: So even staff costs currently rising about the same pace as organic revenue growth, you're looking for efficiencies there that can keep that ratio down.
Frank Mergenthaler: Sure. I mean, and again the real estate discussion or the comments we made earlier is a good case in point.
Michael I. Roth: The reference I made to the people we are hiring have digital expertise goes to that issue. What you have is an employee base that some of whom haven't gotten the experience or really bought onto to the new digital environment. And when you bring in talent that is, it makes it much more efficient. And by the way, our staff cost ratios are going up, but organic is going up more, it's not the same. So that's a good sign when that happens, okay. Because that's where you see the leverage drawn on our people, and to the extent we're able to see talent in the marketplace and bring them onboard, that's how we become more efficient going forward.
Operator: Anthony DiClemente of Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It's clear to me that your clients, your existing clients need the advice on what to do in the environment. I'm wondering if your clients are looking at digital as way to use earned media as opposed to paid media with respect to new projects. So that's okay for you guys, you're still providing the consulting, but I'm just wondering, are they looking to do more with less? And people talk about that in the context of social media understating -- dollars estimated on social media understating the true activity. So I'm wondering -- your thoughts on that and I have a follow-up for Frank.
Michael I. Roth: No, absolutely. I mean, that's the holy grail. I mean, if they can start shifting that and we can provide the tools and resources and content, right, because you need content to be able to do that, then that is certainly a key objective. And frankly, if we're a part of making that happen, that's what our tools and resources are supposed to be able to do.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Making what happen exactly? Making it -- allowing them to do more with less paid media dollars? Making that possible? Is that what you mean?
Michael I. Roth: Yes. I mean and look, that's the game on the social media and -- but you still need content. You still need things that measure it. You still need access to the consumer and that relationship and what else are they looking for, and how do you build that platform. And that's what we do.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Thanks, Michael. Frank, what I'd love to get is a better feel for incremental margin in the model. Not sure if there's a clean way for you to help us with this, but like for example, if after all is said and done for 2012, if you were to print 4% organic revenue growth, how would that flex your 50 basis point improvement in operating margins, for example?
Frank Mergenthaler: Well, we had said going into '11, incremental margin on growth of 30% was a reasonable assumption. We reiterated that on our last call. When you look at trailing 12 months, incremental margin as of 3/31, it's north of 30%. So if we in fact exceed the 3%, is there an opportunity to expand that 50 basis points margin...
Frank Mergenthaler: Sure. Right? And so 30% assumption is still a good assumption.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But I think that using your current numbers, it's actually more like -- I could be wrong, but it's more like higher than 50% incremental margin as it stands?
Frank Mergenthaler: Well, again, if I look at what my trailing 12 is after 3/31, it's 38%.
Michael I. Roth: Yes. When we modeled out and we had our Investor Day, when we showed our glide pass, if you will, to achieving competitive margins, if we use a 30% conversion rate, that's how we're going to get there. So if we do better, we'll get there sooner.
Operator: James Dix of Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Just 2 questions for you. First, when you last reported the big account review out there was Chevy where you got a win. I'm just curious at this point what are the big account reviews out there for you both where you can pick up business and any significant ones where you might be defending [ph] ? And have do you look at your position on them and the likely timing of when you'll find out? And then second, your severance for the quarter was really dead in line with what I was expecting. I just want to know if you can give a little color as to where you are expecting severance for the year as a percent of revenue, especially given the geographic trends, growth trends, you're seeing in particular the declines in Europe. Although you've been fairly vocal about things, you have not expected a lot of growth in Europe this year.
Michael I. Roth: The 2 biggest pictures out there frankly are opportunities for us. One is Unilever Media. As you may know, right now, the bulk of our Unilever media is in Latin America and we are very comfortable with where we stand on that and we view our opportunities with respect to inroads on the global media pitch. Hopefully, will be positive and we're actively engaged in that discussion as we speak. So the downside on that one is not significant. The upside we think could be very beneficial to us. The other one is the Bank of America. There, Hill Holliday is leading our pitch there. We have an existing relationship with Hill Holliday and Bank of America, which is outstanding. We certainly are comfortable and we believe our existing business is solid and we view that as an opportunity as well. We don't have any other big pitches. We have the post office with respect to Campbell Ewald and Draftfcb that, as you may know, has been extended. So that will play out towards the end of the year. The other 2 pitches we would hope to see in the first half of the year resolved. But we don't have any other big clients up for review, and frankly, which is why my comment was I think our opportunities on the upside in terms of new business.
Frank Mergenthaler: James on severance. For the first quarter, the majority of the severance was in Europe. For the full year, we historically guided people to 1% . We've trended over that for the last few years, probably 1.5% of revenues is a reasonable number and I think that the variable in that discussion again is Europe.
Michael I. Roth: Well, thank you very much for joining us. We look forward to our call with respect to our second quarter results. And thanks for joining us. Good bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Michael I. Roth - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome J. Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company, which are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning. We're pleased to report strong financial results for the fourth quarter and full year, driven by organic revenue growth for 2011 at the high end of our industry and significant improvement in both operating margin and earnings per share.  Beginning with revenue, our organic growth was 6.1% for the year. This is ahead of the 4% to 5% growth we had targeted. Our fourth quarter organic growth was 2.8%, and given the challenging comparison to Q4 2010 organic growth of 11.2%, this is a solid performance. For the full year, all of our global networks grew organically. We grew in all client sectors and in most regions of the world, with Continental Europe the sole exception, as we expected.  Our digital capabilities, whether embedded across our organization or within digital specialist agencies, contributed significantly to our growth. This performance speaks to the quality and competitiveness of our offerings, as well as to the power of our diversified model and geographic reach. Throughout the year, we continue to invest in talent and tools so as to better meet the needs of our clients in the dynamic media and marketing environment.  At the same time, our operators remained disciplined in their expense management, which allowed us to effectively convert incremental revenue to operating profit. This was clearly evident in our Q4 results. Operating profit increased 17% from a year ago to $385 million, with operating margin expansion of 210 basis points to 18.6%. For the full year, our operating profit increased 25% to $687 million. Operating margin expanded by 140 basis points to 9.8%, within the targeted range we had set early in the year.  Again, it's worth noting that all of our global networks and all world regions other than Europe improved operating margin during 2011. Frank will provide details on the various key efficiency metrics, but there's one I want to call out. We posted the highest revenue per employee recorded by our company in over a decade. Diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.50 compared with $0.36 a year ago, an increase of 39%. For the full year, diluted EPS was $0.99. Excluding the Facebook gain recorded in the third quarter, full year diluted earnings per share would have been $0.76, an increase of 62% from the 2010 EPS of $0.47.  Our capital return programs have also been a significant area of sustainable value creation. At this time last year, we initiated our share repurchase program and common stock dividend. These were important milestones for our company. We're pleased to report that during 2011, via buybacks and dividends, we returned a total over $500 million to our shareholders. Today, we're announcing a number of steps that will further utilize our strong financial position for both return of capital and debt de-leveraging.  First, our board has authorized a new repurchase program in the amount of $300 million. This is in addition to the $50 million of capacity that remained on our existing authorization as of January 1. Second, we've elected to exercise our option to call our 4.25% convertible notes, $400 million outstanding. This action will eliminate convertible equity of 33 million shares that is presently in our diluted share count.  Overall, 2011 was another very strong year for us. We demonstrated the vitality and competitiveness of our professional offerings, converted top line growth into significant gains in profitability and further improved our capital structure. This progress positions us to deliver on the 2014 goals we set at our Investor Day, which will allow us to drive continued value creation going forward. At this point, let me turn things over to Frank for some additional color on our financial performance.
Frank Mergenthaler: Good morning, everyone. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, you'll see an overview of our results. Organic revenue growth was 2.8% in Q4 on top of 11.2% a year ago. This put organic growth for the full year to 6.1%. Operating income in the fourth quarter increased 17% from a year ago to $385 million. Q4 operating margin was 18.6% compared to 16.5% in Q4 2010.  All our agency teams did a terrific job at driving incremental profitability. We had strong operating leverage on our salaries and related expenses with improvement in all categories. Full year operating margin grew 140 basis points to 9.8%. Operating profit conversion based on our constant currency revenue growth was just north of 30%. Michael spoke to our outstanding year-on-year improvements in EPS. Diluted earnings per share in Q4 was $0.50 compared to our $0.36 per share in Q4 2010. For the full year, diluted EPS was $0.99, or $0.76 excluding our gain on Facebook, which compares favorably with $0.47 in 2010.  We ended the year in a strong liquidity position, with $2.32 billion of cash and marketable securities on our balance sheet compared with $2.69 billion a year ago. The comparison includes having used $401 million in 2011 to repurchase shares and $111 million on common stock dividends. It also includes net cash proceeds of $134 million from our Facebook transaction in August. As you've heard this morning, our board has authorized a new $300 million share repurchase program. We also announced that we are exercising our option to call our $400 million 4.25% convertible notes. The notes, which include 33 million dilutive shares, will be redeemed for cash effective March 26.  Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. It's worth noting here that our effective tax rate was 25%, which includes a net benefit from the reversal of valuation reserves related to certain tax assets outside the U.S. Excluding the tax benefit, our effective Q4 rate would have been approximately 34%. For the full year, excluding the Facebook transaction in Q3 and other changes in tax reserves during the year, our underlying effective rate would have been approximately 35%.  Our average basic share count for the quarter was 448 million compared with 475 million a year ago. During Q4, we used $130 million to repurchase 15 million shares at an average cost of $8.98. Our activity brought the beginning basic share count for 2012 down to 441 million, a 7% decrease year-on-year.  Turning to operations on Slide 4, beginning with revenue. Revenue in the quarter was $2.07 billion, an increase of 3.4%. Compared to Q4 2010, the change due to net acquisitions and dispositions was positive 40 basis points, while exchange rates added 20 basis points. The resulting organic revenue increase was 2.8%.  The U.S. was up 2.2% organically on top of 13.1% last year. International markets overall increased 3.6%, including a great result in Latin America, which grew over 30%. On a sector basis, for the quarter, we were led by growth in tech and telecom, auto and transportation and retail. On the bottom half of this slide, you can see that our Integrated Agency Network segment grew 1.4% organically in the fourth quarter on top of 10% a year ago. Organic revenue growth was 5.3% for the full year.  At CMG, organic growth in Q4 was 11%. We had outstanding performance across public relations, events and branding. For the full year, CMG's 9.8% growth compounded double-digit growth in 2010.  Moving on to Slide 5, revenue by region. In the U.S., we had 2.2% organic growth against 13.1% growth rate a year ago. Public relations, branding experiential marketing disciplines, as well as our specialty digital agencies, all had strong quarters. Leading client sectors were auto and transportation, food and beverage and retail. U.S. growth was 6.1% for the full year.  Turning to international markets. Again, these are organic numbers. U.K. revenue increased 2.5%. We are very pleased to see this result on top of 17% growth in Q4 2010. Continental Europe decreased 3.2% in Q4 as macro conditions continue to weigh on client spending. This was true for both local and multinational clients and in most national markets on the Continent. For the full year, our organic growth on the Continent was flat. Asia Pac grew 1% in Q4. We had strong growth in China and Australia, partially offset by decreases in Japan, where we have a significant presence, and in some of the smaller markets in the region. In Lat Am, Q4 growth was 30% on top of 20% a year ago. All of our global networks contributed to this result. We saw notable increases across our multinational client base and had strong growth in Brazil, Chile and Mexico.  For the full year, we grew 17.8% in the region, compounding 16% in 2010. We continue to build on our highly competitive position in this part of the world. Our other markets group increased 0.8% for the quarter and 3.4% for the full year.  On Slide 6, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue changes on a trailing 12-month basis. This, of course, includes the lows of 2009 and the highs of 2010. The most recent data point is 6.1%, our result for the full year 2011.  Moving on to Slide 7 and our operating expenses. Our operators did a terrific job in Q4 and throughout the year managing costs. Our investment in tools, analytics and information systems continue to show returns in the form of improved efficiencies.  In the fourth quarter, total operating expenses increased only 0.6% organically compared to last year. For the full year, operating expenses increased 4.5% compared with our 6.1% organic revenue growth. Sequentially, as we moved from Q3 to our much larger fourth quarter, our expenses for base payroll, benefits and tax decreased $4 million. Expenses for temporary labor also decreased. While we continue to invest in the many growing areas of our portfolio, net headcount growth was less than 0.5% in the quarter.  Total salaries and related expenses in the quarter were 54.9% of revenue. This compares to 56.8% in Q4 2010, a 190-basis-point improvement. Our leverage improved on all expense categories within salaries. Base pay, benefits and tax was 42.7% of revenue compared with 43% a year ago. Headcount at quarter end was 42,400, a year-on-year increase of 2.8%. This is attributable to our investment [indiscernible] growth in media and public relations and digital services throughout our agencies at our digital specialist agencies, as well as in high-growth markets, including China, India and Brazil.  Severance expense was 2.1% of Q4 revenue compared with 2.7% a year ago. We took actions in Q4 to align our headcount with 2012 budgets by market and to upgrade our competitive positioning in selected markets. For the full year, severance expense is 1.5% of revenue, which is the same level as 2010. Incentive expense in the quarter was 3.2% of revenue compared with 3.5% a year ago. For the full year, incentive expense was 3.7% of revenue, within the range we had previously indicated. Temporary labor expense was 2.9% of revenue compared with 3.1% a year ago. All other salaries and related expenses were 4% of revenue compared with 4.5% last year.  For the full year 2011, total salaries and related expenses was 62.8% of revenue compared to 63.3% of revenue in 2010, a 50 basis point improvement.  Turning to office and general expenses on the lower half of this slide. This continued to be an area of improvement for us in 2011. For the 12 months, O&G expense was 27.4% of revenue compared to 28.2%. That's a decrease of 80 basis points for the year, with improvement across all our major expense categories. Looking at the quarter, O&G expense was $549 million, 26.5% of revenue compared with 26.6% a year ago. Underneath that, occupancy expense as a percentage of revenue decreased 40 basis points. This was a result of both our revenue growth and decreased rent expense. For the full year, occupancy expense decreased 50 basis points as a percentage of revenue.  We continue to see reductions in our real estate footprint as you can see in the appendix of our presentation. Our metric on square feet per employee improved to 234 from 245 square feet 12 months ago. You may recall from our Investor Day that we're targeting 220 square feet per employee by 2014.  Looking at the professional fees and T&E categories, both decreased 20 basis points as a percentage of revenue from a year ago.  All other O&G expenses as a percentage of revenue increased 70 basis points from a year ago. We had higher depreciation expense due to the write off of some leasehold improvements. We also had higher pass-through expenses, which were offset by higher revenue. For the full year, this category decreased 10 basis points as a percentage of revenue.  On Slide 8, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis, which was 9.8% for 2011. As you can see, we've improved consistently under revenue growth. We remain confident that the investments we are making in tools and technology and shared services and process improvements are the basis for further sustained progress.  Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 9, we ended the year with $2.32 billion in cash and short-term marketable securities compared with $2.69 billion a year ago, a decrease of approximately $370 million. The comparison includes over $500 million returned to shareholders in 2011 in the form of share repurchase and dividends. We also had net cash inflow of $134 million from the sale of approximately half our interest in Facebook.  On Slide 10, we turn to cash flow for the quarter. Cash from operations was $717 million compared with $979 million a year ago. As a reminder, cash flow in our business is seasonal. We tend to generate cash from working capital in the fourth quarter and use cash in the first quarter.  Cash generated by working capital in Q4 was $344 million compared with $639 million in last year's fourth quarter. This years result is a more typical level of our business. Cash generated from working capital in Q4 2010 was unusually high due to very strong growth by a number of our businesses, led by Mediabrands. For the full year, cash from operations was $273 million. That consisted of $632 million before working capital and cash used by working capital of $359 million, which mainly took place in the first quarter of this year.  Moving on to investing activities in the quarter. We used $68 million in Q4 primarily for CapEx and acquisitions. During the quarter, we closed on several acquisitions. These included a marketing service agency in Brazil, digital agencies in the U.K. in the social media and eCRM space, a leading PR firm in Germany and a highly creative agency that joined the Lowe network in Australia.  Financing activities used $118 million in Q4 primarily to repurchase 15 million shares of our common stock for $132 million and our quarterly common stock dividend of $27 million. The net increase in cash and marketable securities in the quarter was $517 million.  You can see our cash flow schedule for the full year in the presentation appendix. It's worth noting a few items. CapEx for the year was $140 million. Cash used for acquisitions was $63 million for the year. We budgeted around $150 million for 2011, so we did not invest to the budgeted level. Our acquisition pipeline is robust, so we'll see some of that investment carry over to this year. We continue to focus on acquisitions in digital, as well as high-growth marketing disciplines in key world markets. Our cash taxes were $102 million. Excluding the Facebook transaction, this represents a rate of 16% of pretax income, so we continue to utilize our operating loss carryforwards, which allows us to continue to benefit from a cash tax rate significantly lower than our effective book rate.  Looking forward to 2012, we expect our cash tax rate to approximate 25% as we have nearly exhausted all our NOLs in the U.S. On Slide 11, you see our total debt outstanding at year end and over the past few years. The trend line depicts our de-leveraging, which has seen us take total debt from $2.3 billion at the end of 2007 to $1.8 billion at the conclusion of 2011, which includes our 2 convertible notes. We announced today that we are exercising our option to call our 4.25% $400 million notes effective March 26. There are 33 million common shares related to these convertible notes which will be eliminated from our diluted share count.  For EPS purposes, since the call takes place near the end of our first quarter, we will show reduction this year of approximately 3/4 of that total, with the entire 33 million next year. Calling these converts is accretive for our shareholders, reduces our outstanding debt and further strengthens our financial position. Given the current favorable rate environment and our improved credit standing, we are carefully considering issuing new straight debt in amount less than $400 million we are calling, so we will de-leverage. As a result, we will be filing a shelf registration statement later today with the SEC.  In terms of additional opportunities on the horizon, our 4.75% $200 million convertible notes are similarly putable and callable in March of next year. Also, beginning July 2013, the call option on our $600 million 10% senior notes due in 2017 become more economical.  In summary, on Slide 12, during 2011, we once again had strong revenue growth, converted that growth to profit at a high rate and achieved our margin target for the year. We will continue to invest in areas of the business that are driving growth. At the same time, we remain confident of our ability to manage expenses and drive continued profit improvement. Our balance sheet continues to be a source of value creation.  Our announcement this morning of additional share repurchases and debt reduction speak to our confidence in our financial position and our continued ability to generate significant operating cash flow on a sustained basis. Now let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael I. Roth: Thanks, Frank. Building on a very good 2010 result, we continue to show organic revenue growth that is at or near the top of our peer group. Our conversion was once again excellent, and this led to the margin expansion of 140 basis points, and the 9.8% operating margin we achieved is a level of profitability that IPG has not obtained in over a decade. As a result, the state of our business is strong. This performance keeps us on track to deliver on our goal of fully competitive profitability in 2014.  Combined with our strong financial position, enhanced capital structure and a return to investment-grade credit ratings positions us to further drive shareholder value going forward. Strategically, the actions we've taken in recent years have significantly bolstered our portfolio. Mediabrands continues to deliver a fully contemporary and competitive offering in an area of the industry that is becoming increasingly vital to every marketer's success. Our investments in talent, along with the leadership we've attracted and developed, gives Mediabrands outstanding management depth at all levels.  Their digital and specialty offerings from Cadreon to The Audience Platform to the new IPG Media Lab, as well as ID Media, Geomentum and ORION are second to none, and the group is leading the way in developing pay-for-performance models, an area which will continue to be a priority for us at Interpublic. Our investments in digital talent across the group and our decision to hold all operating unit leadership accountable for delivering native digital expertise are also proving out. The social media capabilities at CMG are best-in-class, and the market share gains consistently posted by our PR agencies, Weber Shandwick and GolinHarris, as well as Octagon and Jack Morton, reflect the degree to which we've been investing in digital talent at all of these agencies.  At McCann, MRM is among the industry's leading global digital networks, with offices in over 30 markets and a strong track record of growth in recent years. R/GA is not only the most celebrated digital agency in terms of awards and press recognition, it is also a creative force that is now serving clients from 8 offices in Latin America, Asia and Europe. HUGE is on a similar growth pattern, and we will soon have an announcement of how we are looking to further leverage the great technology talent that's at the core of that agency. At its U.S. operations, Draftfcb already has more than 350 people in the digital practice. They're fully embedded in the agency's integrated behavior-based agency model. In 2011, Draftfcb worldwide once again delivered outstanding top and bottom line performance.  Our U.S. integrated agencies continue to perform at an exceptional level. From Mullen, Hill Holiday to Martin Agency and Deutsche, a Lowe & Partners Company, all of these agencies have strong full-service offering that span every consumer touch point, strategic and creative talent that comes up with big brand ideas and leading edge digital capabilities that include Web development and social media, digital media planning and app development, as well as a full range of analytic tools.  Turning to the high-growth markets, where we also are well positioned. Across the portfolio, we're very strong in India and Brazil, where in 2011, we saw organic growth of about 20% for the full year, as was true in China. At the agency level, it bears noting that McCann Worldgroup remains one of the industry's most powerful global networks capable of delivering a full range of marketing service capabilities in over 100 world markets, with strong teams across Latin America and key Asian markets. In 2011, McCann continued to improve its financial performance and expand margins, as well as further upgrade senior talent throughout the organization.  Lowe is well positioned in India and Southeast Asia and has an outstanding agencies and world-class creative talent in all the key Latin American markets. Draftfcb has one of the most powerful holistic offerings in India, a strong Brazil to hub Lat Am operations and is the clear market leader in South Africa, from which it plans to build its business in that emerging continent. Our Middle East operations under the MCN umbrella are among the largest and best in that region and will surely be a long-term driver of growth for both our clients and for our businesses.  Our step-up investments in India over the past few years and our recent focus on Brazil are bearing fruit. In 2011, we closed over 20 additional acquisitions, and our M&A pipeline is strong. While we don't believe there are any holes in our offerings on a macro level, we will continue to bring a disciplined approach to identifying and integrating acquisition partners that can help us move the business forward. This includes seeking out quality assets in high-growth geographic markets and among businesses in the more dynamic areas of marketing services such as shopper marketing, PR and healthcare communications. Our primary focus in digital will continue to be growing talent and capabilities organically, but we will seek bolt-ons that extend our digital reach or represent a good client fit. This is especially true in the international markets, such as with the recent digital deals we've completed in the U.K., Germany, the Nordics, Brazil and India. While digital and emerging markets and marketing services led the way this past year, contributions to our growth came from across the portfolio. There was consistency in terms of performance among our largest multinational clients and a local client base, as well as all client sectors. All of our major agencies contributed to our positive organic growth. The tone of our business remains solid. An increasingly sophisticated digital media ecosystem represents an opportunity for us, or as I often say, complexity is good. As in the recent news that suggest improvements in the U.S. economy, since our revenue mix in the developed markets skews towards the U.S. with less exposure to Europe than our competitors, in the emerging markets, our recent results have been very strong, and we'll continue to invest behind our agency brands there.  Now turning to 2012, there remain significant macro uncertainty on the global level. We're facing revenue headwinds due to some client losses, and it is still early in the New Year. As a result, we're targeting 3% organic growth for 2012. It bears noting that the revenue headwinds will likely be front-loaded in the first 6 months of the year, and as is our practice, we'll update you regarding our outlook and the tone of the business on our quarterly calls. As was evident with this year's organic revenue growth, our offerings is strong, and despite revenue headwinds, we believe there's more upside in the current new business pipeline than we had at this time a year ago.  Specifically, we're seeing more midsized opportunities across the portfolio and a few large pitches that could represent significant gains for us. Draftfcb has started the year strong, with digital and CRM wins at Discovery and Cox communications, while Mullen has added business from Google and earlier this week, U.S. Cellular. At McCann, the agency extended its global relationship with American Airlines and was tapped by Merck to handle creative duties on several brands. MRM has further extended its GM relationship in a number of international markets and recently won business at Computer Science Corp. and J&J. Lowe won the global Becel business from Unilever late last year, and Deutsche continues to earn new assignments from Microsoft.  R/GA just announced that it's growing its relationship with Unilever on top of big wins with McCormick's, O2 and Grey Goose in 2011. Recent headline wins at HUGE include Comcast and Under Armour. There's a great deal of new business activity across the board at Mediabrands, led by wins at Exxon and LifeLock. And at CMG, we have a robust pipeline both domestically and internationally.  Our demonstrated ability to convert incremental revenue into margin growth should allow us to increase operating margins in 2012 by at least 50 basis points above the 9.8% we're reporting today, assuming a 3% organic revenue growth. Of course, our goal is to exceed that performance. Our agencies are moving in the right direction and supporting the evolving needs of our clients.  We're building on strong positions in emerging disciplines and geographic regions. We're committed to continuing to return capital to our shareholders. These are accomplishments we can all be proud of. Above all, they reflect the great professionalism and hard work of our people around the world. Our recent progress and outstanding 2011 results also gives us confidence that we can keep moving the business forward and continue delivering shareholder value and appreciation.  I thank you, and we'll open up the floor to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alexandria Quadrani, JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Alexia Quadrani. First off, could you give us some specifics about McCann's performance, I guess, specifically in the fourth quarter? I know you gave us a lot of color for the year, but I'd love to know how McCann did in Q4 versus your expectations. And then when you look at your guidance for 2012, specifically the top line guidance of 3% organic revenue growth, I guess first thing, does that assume some new business coming in? And secondly, do you assume McCann has sort of outsized growth in 2012 maybe to make up for a little bit of more softness at Draftfcb given the SC Johnson loss?
Michael I. Roth: Well, let's focus on 3% because I think that's the relevant question here. One is, of course, as I said, we have headwinds of 2% to 3% coming into 2012. So when we say 3% for the year, that takes into effect the headwinds we have, so therefore, theres assumed revenue growth either from our existing clients or from new business, which is why I referenced some of the new business wins that we're already experiencing in the first quarter and the solid pipeline we have. So that number that we're using takes into consideration any client losses and, frankly, some levels of success in our pipeline. If you contrast it to where we were in 2011, when we started 2011, we had 3 major clients up for review, and some, we were moderately successful on, and obviously, SC Johnson, we lost. We're not in that position for 2012, and as I say that, I touch wood, okay. But so we see, there's some clients up for review not of the magnitude we had before. And frankly, there are active pitches going on right now where we see upside. For example, the Bank of America review that's there. Hill Holliday is leading our charge there. They're an existing client, so there is risk there. But we feel we're well positioned on that pitch. The Unilever media, we're incumbent in some parts of their markets. We hope to, obviously, retain that and expand markets. So there are opportunities for us to improve. McCann, a lot has made note of some of the client losses because frankly, whenever McCann loses a client, it gets headlines. But what you don't see is client wins that they're receiving from existing client base where they're expanding relationships. We do our budgeting process from the bottoms up, and obviously, that reflects improvements from McCann in 2012. And as I indicated in my remarks, McCann improved in 2011, so they showed revenue growth. They showed margin improvement. So notwithstanding some client losses that get headlines, we believe McCann is very well-situated from a competitive point of view moving forward.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just last question. On Continental Europe and the performance you saw there in the quarter, did you see any, I guess, notable change toward the end of the quarter or into January? Was there further deterioration, or was it relatively stable throughout the quarter?
Michael I. Roth: Relatively stable is an interesting way of putting it. Look, we knew we have challenges in Continental Europe. Our results reflect that. But as I indicated, this is not unexpected from us, and frankly, for 2012, we're not counting on a major recovery. So it didn't deteriorate any worse in December, if that specifically is your question, but obviously, we're not assuming a huge growth in 2012.
Operator: Next question comes from John Janedis, UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Frank, we haven't seen the salaries and related line as a percentage of revenue this low in maybe about a decade or so. So I'm wondering, were there onetime items in there or timing issues? And can you talk more about the levers coming in 2012?
Frank Mergenthaler: No, John. I mean, look, the progress we've made has been on managing base and benefits and, to some extent, offsetting that temp labor. But the incentive expense and severance has been relatively stable, and we've just seen continued pressure by our operators to drive the base benefits and tax down. And when you look forward to 2012 and the incremental leverage we hope to get in margin expansion on the 3% growth rate, the 2 big areas we'll continue to focus on is aggressively driving greater leverage out of base benefits and our temporary labor.
Michael I. Roth: There are only so many levers that we have, and those are the key ones, as Frank points out. And we manage to margin, and all our business units, our performance is matched up against that. So that is the key area of focus throughout the world for all of our operators.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Frank, is the assumption that, that severance number stays around 1.5% then?
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, John. I mean, we historically have guided people to 1%. It's been tracking higher, so it's probably going to be somewhere between 1% and 1.5%. But to the point Michael made is our operators are incented to deliver margin, so to the extent the severance number is higher than that, they've got to go find incremental savings somewhere else within their cost structure.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then, Michael, just back to Continental Europe, the read through from what you just said that the people on the ground there that you have, they're saying that things are not getting better, they've kind of stabilized. And also, can you just talk about new business there?
Michael I. Roth: Yes, a lot of the business -- we have a mix of local business and multinationals there. And look, it's very cautious there, and everybody is concerned. So we're just basically forecasting a very slow improvement and no big pickup, but the tone is cautious. There's no question about it. We have some local wins and some existing clients spending money, but I wouldn't say that the recovery is taking hold and we've seen bottom. I think a lot is going to unfold as this action is taken in the money markets and Greece and so on and how it all affects it, but there's a caution up there that continues.
Operator: Next question comes from Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple. Frank, can you maybe talk -- you talked about working capital both in the quarter and the year. And I know you guys have a long-term view of where your cash flows are headed, but maybe you can just talk a little about what we should expect a normal year to look like for working capital, maybe a year that looks like what you guys are guiding for in '12. And then on the buyback authorization extension and the convertible bond, you mentioned that Q1 is usually a working cap outflow. So should we assume not much in the way of buybacks in the first quarter outside of the redemption? And any comment on how the $300 million sort of fits into the full year? Do you expect this to offset in the year, or something that's just sort of out there, depending on what the stock does.
Michael I. Roth: Let me talk about the buyback, and Frank will talk about working capital. We have a yearly program for buybacks, okay? Some of it is open market, some of it is a program buyback. So we will continue throughout the first quarter in the buyback. Obviously, we're out of the market as certain things come up, but it's a full year program.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Ben, on the working capital, you've been around the story a long time in this industry. I mean, there's a lot of volatility. And if you go back and look over time, you can see in a normal year, as long as primarily your media business is growing or your revenue is growing, the model's working capital-accretive. What we saw in 2010 was just an unusually significant working capital generation in the fourth quarter. We had a very significant new client come on in media. Our Mediabrands group did very well. Our overall company did very well in the fourth quarter, which gave us a $600-plus million generation of cash in Q4 2010, probably almost 2x what we normally see. That unwound in the first quarter of '11, which gave rise to the full year. So if you go back and look over the last 3 years, we've generated about $500 million from working capital. So again, you can expect continued volatility, and I think that Q4 2010 was a bit of an anomaly, and it cycled through in the first quarter this year. We would expect 2012 to be more normalized. I'm not ready to put a number on what exactly that means.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. No, that's very helpful. And then I didn't know if you guys had a currency number you want us to use at this point in the year. I know it's early, but there's been some volatility there as well.
Frank Mergenthaler: Relatively de minimis, Ben.
Operator: Next question comes from David Bank, RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions, I guess, one backward-looking, one forward-looking. So backward-looking, if you look at the domestic organic growth performance versus the peer group, you obviously faced some really, really difficult comps, and you didnt lag the peers to a certain extent, but you faced, by far, more challenging comps. How much of the delta versus the sort of industry do you think was about comps versus headwinds in business wins and losses? Is it that same sort of 200-, 300-basis-point delta? And the second question is as you look going forward, and I know it's probably hard to quantify this, but when you gave your 3% organic target, how much of it is a function of growth in existing client business versus new wins?
Michael I. Roth: Yes. I mean, that's a question on growth from new business versus existing clients. That is an issue that we constantly address. The significant part of our growth is coming from existing clients, and that's where the opportunities are both from a margin point of view and organic revenue growth. Obviously, whenever there's new business out there, we want to participate. We want to win our fair share. But the key to these assumptions are retaining clients and growing existing clients from an organic point of view. On the 300 basis point question, 2011 didn't have -- we had 2% headwinds going into 2011. I would say that when you back out the headwinds and the difficult comps, I think we're still slightly ahead of our peer groups in terms of the fundamental organic growth, and part of that has to do with our weighting between U.S. and foreign. We're overweighted in the U.S. We had strong performance in the U.S., and I think that's what accounted for our organic growth.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Specifically in the fourth quarter, though, you think that's -- the answer's the same for the fourth quarter?
Michael I. Roth: ? Yes, pretty much so. We had some timing issues in the fourth quarter on some small revenue items in some of the Asia Pac countries. But I think, again, we look at this on a full year basis, and I think going into 2012, our weighting in the United States is going to do us well.
Operator: Next question comes from Peter Stabler, Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Michael, I just wanted to ask you a question about visibility. Our sense is that, kind of secular changes occurring across the traditional advertising landscape are leading clients to try to be more reactive to business results, not lock into long-term commitments, kind of be a bit more nimble. Is that something that you see? And how would you characterize your visibility today versus where we were a year ago?
Michael I. Roth: I think multinational clients are looking at full year. Obviously, they'll wait depending on how business situations are by location. But there's no question that the multinationals are looking to expand markets, particularly in the emerging markets. And they have programs, and we're working with them to spend those dollars. So we have that kind of visibility. It's the project-based businesses that we always are careful about because when business is suspect, that's the stuff that gets pulled back. The long-term brand building, launching new products and things like that, we have visibility into that, and when we do our business forecasting, it's bottoms up. So what happens is our agencies know what launches, whether it's a new car, whether it's a new product and in what regions. So there is a fundamental investing in brands that we see. It's the project business that is the wildcard in a lot of these numbers. And frankly, the tone right now, and I think you've seen it in some of the articles that are out there, multinational clients are increasing their marketing spend because they see the return on investment as real, and it's our job to show them that what we're doing helps them move the needle. And if it moves the needle, then they're happy. Even in a difficult environment, I mean, that's how you build brands and you capture market share. The key here is our ability to show that there's a return on investment, and frankly, the pay-for-performance model that we're using more in the Mediabrands environment lends itself to that type of environment. And that is if you spend your dollars and we're successful in helping you move the needle, we'll get paid for it. So I think there's visibility into product launches, brand building and gaining market share. The project-based business is where we don't have as long a vision into the future.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: One quick follow-up, if I could. Could you remind us the largest markets in the all other bucket?
Frank Mergenthaler: It's Canada. Canada is the largest.
Operator: Next question comes from Bill Bird, Lazard.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about how you see the pacing of the 2012 margin climb?
Frank Mergenthaler: Bill, I would imagine given the seasonality of our business, I think it would be consistent with prior years. The first quarter is usually, from a profitability perspective, very weak. Second quarter is usually stronger. Third quarter is relatively weak, and you have an awful lot of your profit coming in the fourth quarter.
Michael I. Roth: I hate to bring a sore point up, but if you remember 2011, we always look at our numbers on a full year basis, and there may be hiccups on quarters as we experienced one in 2011. We continue to manage our businesses to the full year, and that's how we give our guidance, and that's frankly how our businesses are operated. So it's hard for us. Obviously, the first quarter is always a more difficult quarter for us. But again, we take that into consideration in the models and how we forecast for the year.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And on Q4, severance was a little bit above trend. I was just wondering how best to interpret that.
Frank Mergenthaler: It was actually down year-on-year, and for the full year, Bill, it was 1.5%, the same it was last year. It's usually a heavier quarter just because we're looking at the subsequent year's budget, and to the extent we're falling short of where we need to be, it usually causes us to take actions with headcount, and that drives the severance number.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, and incidentally, those reductions are in the markets that are having problems, so you see -- Continental Europe, that's where you see the severance action. So we have to match revenue and expenses, and if we're not forecasting a big recovery in Continental Europe, you can expect severance in Continental Europe to match the lack of revenue growth.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And finally, what's your expectation for CapEx for 2012?
Frank Mergenthaler: $150 million is probably a good number, Bill.
Michael I. Roth: The other piece of that is what are we forecasting for M&A, right? And although we were short of spending our dollars in 2011, we're going to use around $200 million for 2012, which is a rollover of some of the stuff we have in the pipeline in 2011 and our expected budget for '12.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Chesler, Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Let me just re-ask Bill's question about the margin progression in 2012. So we know -- with 2011 in mind, in terms of the progression towards the 50 basis points for the full year, which is your full year target, maybe the answer is obvious because of your comments about the revenue headwinds in that first half. But is this a year where, again, we'll see most of that forward progress in the latter part of your fourth quarter even?
Frank Mergenthaler: Matt, again, I would look to the phasing you've seen over the last 2 or 3 years. As Michael pointed out, we build our budgets bottoms up for the year. Quarterly phasing of those annual budgets, there's some art to it, right? But we're focused on building our plans for the year, and we hold our operators accountable for delivering their annual results. We do phase it, but again, there's always movements quarter-to-quarter, as Michael pointed out, like we saw in the second quarter last year, where we got a lot of pressure because our revenue was short. We said the majority of it will slip into third quarter. It did.
Michael I. Roth: I think your observation on the headwinds is a valid one. We have to make up some ground. Also, new business wins don't kick in the second you win them. So I mean, you have to factor all that in, but our business units factor in as well existing client growth and where this launches and so on. So it's a combination of making up any shortfalls and existing client pipelines. And so that's why we don't give quarterly guidance because we know that there are cases where this is going to be lumpy. And I think what you're seeing is we put out numbers that we believe we're going to deliver on a full year basis, and so far, we've been pretty good at that.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On the revenue headwinds, are they concentrated to any particular market, perhaps, the U.S. because of SCJ? And in Latin America, growth has been incredibly strong. You guys are performing well broadly there. Could we see significant double-digit revenue numbers there continue for a number of quarters? And finally, just an update quickly on the NOL position in Europe would be great, too.
Michael I. Roth: All of that, okay. Look, obviously, Latin America is hot. There's no reason to expect us not to continue strong performance. They have a few events coming in Latin America like the Olympics and the World Cup. So that, obviously, will help in terms of the momentum in Latin America. Plus it's a solid environment where we're seeing a lot of growth. I think the headwinds are probably more domestic than international, particularly because of SCJ, although there was a foreign component with SC Johnson, as well as the Microsoft runoff that's embedded in there. So I think it's more skewed to the United States.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the NOLs, Matt, we started the year with $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion. We used $400 million of losses, which leaves us about $1.4 billion left, with about $1.1 billion of them being attached to Europe.
Operator: James Dix, Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Just 2 things. I guess just a little more color on maybe the U.S. growth. You talked about the headwinds maybe falling more in the U.S., I guess, especially in the first half of the year. When you look at your 3% organic, are you expecting U.S. to be kind of, at the end of the day, kind of in line with that or any material deviation from that for the full year basis? And then the second question was just -- incentives, they dropped a little bit as a percentage of revenue in the fourth quarter. I'm just wondering whether you thought -- for the full year, you were basically paying out a fairly full bonus pool. And kind of what we should be looking for kind of that typical 3.5% to 4% range for 2012?
Michael I. Roth: Well, our incentives are based purely on performance, so I think 3.5% to 4%. Hopefully, we'll hit 4%. I mean, that means we exceeded our budgets, and everybody's going to be happy with that. As far as U.S., look, we're 55% in the United States, and so obviously, that gets factored into our growth numbers to that effect. So again, we can't talk about it by quarter, but obviously, our results are skewed to the United States.  Well, thank you. And again, thank you all for your support, and it should be an exciting year for us. Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael I. Roth - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome J. Leshne: Thank you. Good morning, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern.  During this call we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company, which are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning. We're pleased to report strong organic revenue growth, operating profit and net income for both the third quarter and the first 9 months of 2011. As you have seen in our release this morning, Q3 organic revenue growth was very strong at 8.7%.  Operating profit was $173 million, an increase of 73% from a year ago. Our operating margin was 10% compared to 6.5% a year ago, and diluted earnings per share were $0.40, $0.16, excluding our gain on the Facebook transaction. The $0.16 of earnings per diluted share compares very favorably to the $0.08 for the same period last year. For the 9 months, organic growth was 7.5% on top of strong growth during the same period a year ago. Operating profit thus far in 2011 increased 38%.  In the third quarter, growth was led by our businesses in the U.S., Lat Am, Asia Pac and the U.K. We had growth in most client sectors. Digital was a major contributor to our growth. Our specialist agencies and, just as notably, the digital capabilities within our integrated agencies, marketing services firms and those at our media businesses all contributed to our strong performance. This performance further validates our digital strategy, which is to ensure that all of our agencies embed digital expertise at the core of their offerings, primarily through investments in talent and tools, as well as targeted acquisitions where necessary.  We're pleased to see high-single to low-double-digit organic growth at all of our integrated global networks, as well as double-digit growth in marketing services. We continue to manage our growth carefully and strategically. High-quality operating talent, combined with effective business controls, means that top line growth is accompanied by expense discipline and, therefore, converted to operating profit. In the third quarter, we achieved 350 basis points of margin expansion. For the 9 months, that number was 130 basis points. This improvement was achieved by leveraging both our principal expense lines. At quarter end, our trailing 12-month operating margin was 9.1%, which is the highest for any 12-month period at IPG in many years.  During our prior conference call, we expressed confidence that the pacing of revenue and expenses in 2011 would result in strong margin expansion. I'm sure you will agree that our third quarter results are indicative of that fact. We believe that disciplined investment in our people and our offerings will continue to drive competitive, organic revenue growth and improved profitability. This is a long-standing commitment, one that is backed by the track record of this management team and our operating unit leadership in recent years. Our performance in the 9 months has us positioned to deliver on this year's financial targets. We believe that we will also remain on track for fully competitive profitability and significant value creation as outlined at the Investor Day presentation we shared with you back in March.  In Q3, we also returned capital to our shareholders at a rate above that contemplated when we initiated our repurchase program in late February. During the quarter we purchased 15 million shares, using $130 million alongside $27 million in common share dividends. Through 9 months, we've utilized $269 million towards repurchase and buying in 27 million shares. And as you know, in conjunction with the Facebook transaction in August, our board raised the total authorization under the repurchase plan to $450 million.  Coming into this year and on our previous conference call, we shared financial performance targets with you, a 4% to 5% organic revenue growth for the year and operating margin of 9.5% or better. Taking into account our strong performance for the 9 months and balancing an appropriate degree of caution due to the current uncertainty in the global economic environment, we feel we can exceed these targets this year, particularly with respect to our revenue growth.  As we move forward into the fourth quarter, the tone of the business remains solid. We've seen little in the way of pullbacks among clients, despite the economic climate. The outlook of our project-based business is holding firm and the performance of the most economically-sensitive client sectors, auto, financial services and retail, remains solid in the third quarter. We all know that the macroeconomic picture is uncertain, particularly in some markets in Europe. In addition, we will be cycling against extremely challenging comps since in the fourth quarter of 2010, we grew 11.2% organically. Notwithstanding these hurdles, we remain comfortable with our stated performance targets. We're very pleased with the strong quarter and year-to-date, which gives us a real confidence that we can drive strong value creation for the balance of 2011 and beyond. At this point, let me turn things over to Frank.
Frank Mergenthaler: Good morning. As a reminder, I'll be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, you'll see an overview which tracks some of the points that Michael just made. 8.7% organic growth in Q3 led by double-digit growth in the U.S. and high growth in emerging markets internationally. It comes on top of 9.4% growth a year ago and brings us to 7.5% growth for the 9 months. Operating income in the quarter was $173 million, 73% higher than a year ago. To be clear, the gain on our Facebook shares is reflected in other income, not operating income. Q3 operating margin was 10% compared to 6.5% in Q3 2010. For the 9 months, operating margin is 130 basis points ahead of last year, and on a trailing 12-month basis, operating margin is 9.1%.  Diluted EPS was $0.40 per share, which includes the benefit of Facebook gain. You'll recall that mid-August, we announced that we had sold approximately half of our position in Facebook for net proceeds of $133 million, which resulted in a pretax gain of $132 million. Excluding the gain on Facebook, our diluted EPS would have been $0.16 in the third quarter on 521 million diluted shares. We ended the quarter in a strong liquidity position. We've got $1.8 billion of cash and marketable securities in the balance sheet compared with $1.94 billion a year ago. Comparison includes having used approximately $269 million to repurchase our shares, $84 million on our common stock dividends in 2011 and $230 million during the 12 months to pay down debt.  Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides to follow. Here it's worth highlighting that other income of $137 million is almost entirely the gain from our Facebook sale. Our effective Q3 tax rate was 24.5%, which includes the very low rate on the Facebook transaction. Excluding that transaction, our effective rate would've been 42.3%. Our basic share count for the quarter was 465 million, which includes the average of our repurchase activity for the period. Corresponding number as of September 30 was 455 million. With respect to diluted shares, we had 530 million shares in Q3 this year, which includes the assumed conversion of our convertible preferred shares.  Turning to operations on Slide 4, beginning with revenue. Revenue in the quarter was $1.73 billion, an increase of 11.1% compared to Q3 2010 exchange rate added 3.1%, and the change due to net acquisitions, dispositions was negative 70 basis points. Our organic revenue increase was 8.7%. The U.S. was up 10.1% organically, while Lat Am and Asia Pac posted double-digit gains as well. International markets overall increased 6.7% on an organic basis. We had growth in most client sectors in the quarter led by retail, financial services, health and personal care, and food and beverage. In the first 9 months of the year, organic growth was 7.5%, fairly evenly balanced between U.S. and international markets. At the bottom half of the slide, you can see that both of our reported operating segments have contributed to our quarter and 9-month performance.  Our Integrated Agency Network's organic growth in the quarter was 8.3%. We had strong contributions from all of our global networks, including Mediabrands, Lowe & Partners, Draftfcb and McCann Worldgroup. At our CMG segment, revenue increased 10.9% in organic base in Q3 and by double-digit increase in the U.S. and Asia Pac with strong results in our PR and events business. Year-to-date, IAN is up 7.1% organically and CMG has grown 9.3%.  Moving to Slide 5, revenue by region. In the U.S., 10.1% organic growth was driven by all of our global networks, our marketing services specialists and a number of our U.S. integrated independents as well. We had strong results by Lowe & Partners, Mediabrands, Draftfcb and McCann Worldgroup. Leading client sectors in the U.S. were retail, financial services, and food and beverage.  Turning to organic change in our international markets. In the U.K., our revenue increased 4.3% with contributions from a number of our agencies. Continental Europe decreased 1.8%. We continue to see mixed results by country. Among our largest markets, revenue decreased in France, which was partially offset by increases in Italy, Germany and Spain. Europe, of course, has been the center of macroeconomic concerns. The sense of our operators is that we saw some softening of activity in the quarter in certain markets on the continent. For 9 months, we increased 1.5%, which is in line with our expectations. Asia Pac grew 15.3% led by double-digit increases in each of our largest markets: China, Japan, India and Australia. In Lat Am, growth was 21.7% driven by very strong increases in Brazil, underpinned by contributions from all of our global networks. In the 9 months, we grew 11.5%. So while the pace of revenue by quarter was different from last year, we've had very strong growth year-to-date. Our other markets group decreased 2.6% but grew 5% for the 9 months.  On Slide 6, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis, which is 8.6% as of the end of Q3. This view effectively demonstrates what we have often said about not focusing excessively on any single quarter but keeping an eye on the broader picture of where we've come from and, more recently, that we have sustained a strong growth trend since coming out of the recession.  On Slide 7, operating expenses. We continue to be pleased with the operating discipline of our agencies, which continue to move us forward on our annual and longer-term margin objectives. Total operating expenses increased 4.5% organically compared to last year under 8.7% organic revenue growth. For the 9 months, operating expenses increased 6% compared with 7.5% organic revenue growth. Sequentially, moving from Q2 to Q3 this year, operating expenses decreased $13 million. Between Q2 and Q3, we saw greater efficiency in base payroll, benefits and tax, lower O&G expenses and lower severance expense, which was partially offset by higher accrual for incentive awards with the company's strong performance through September. While we continue to invest in growing areas of our portfolio, net headcount growth was less than 0.5% in the quarter. Total salaries and related expense in the quarter were 63% of revenue compared to 64.8% in Q3 2010. Underneath that, base pay, benefits and tax was 51.5% of revenue compared with 53.4% a year ago, an improvement of 190 basis points. Headcount at quarter end was 42,300, an increase of only 2.6% from a year ago. The increases are in growth areas, such as media and digital services throughout our agencies and, as Michael mentioned, and in China, and in India and Brazil.  Severance expense was 1.1% of Q3 revenue compared with 1% of revenue a year ago. Incentive expense in the quarter was 4.1% of revenue compared with 4.3% a year ago. For the full year, we continue to expect incentive expense in our historical range of 3.5% to 4% of revenue. Temporary labor expense was 3.7% of revenue compared with 3.8% a year ago, while all other salaries and related expense were 2.6% of revenues compared with 2.3% last year.  Turning to ops and general expenses on the lower half of the slide. O&G expense was 27% of revenue compared with 28.6% a year ago, 160 basis point improvement. O&G was up $466 million, an increase of 2.5% on an organic basis. Occupancy expenses as a percent of revenue decreased 60 basis points, result of continued focus on efficiencies in our real estate portfolio. In addition, we continue to leverage a range of expenses as professional fees decreased 20 basis points as a percent of revenue; T&E, office supplies and telecom decreased 20 basis points; and other O&G expenses decreased 60 basis points. Through 9 months, O&G expense was 27.8% of revenue compared to 29% in the prior year.  On Slide 8, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis, which was 9.1% as of the end of Q3. This chart clearly shows that we have been very consistent in our improvement with the understandable exception of the recession in 2009. It also shows why we are confident that the investments we have made in tools and technology and process improvements to drive greater efficiency will allow us to sustain our margin expansion growth.  On Slide 9, we turn to cash flow for the quarter. Cash from operations was $158 million compared with $40 million in Q3 2010. Cash used by working capital was $34 million compared with the use of $60 million a year ago. These working capital results are seasonally typical for the third quarter. Investing activities generated $94 million, which includes the proceeds from the sale of approximately half of our investment in Facebook. That's partially offset, of course, by our acquisitions in CapEx. During the quarter, we acquired 3 digital agencies, a PR firm in Brazil and a highly creative group in Australia. Financing activities used $203 million, primarily to repurchase 15 million shares of our common stock for $130 million and our quarterly common stock dividend of $27 million. Since the inception of our repurchase program at the end of February, we have repurchased 27 million shares of our common stock with $269 million. Acquisition-related payments of $22 million primarily relate to the increases in investment and consolidated subsidiaries. We also paid $36 million at the maturity of the remaining portion of our 7.25% senior notes. Net decrease in cash and marketable securities in the quarter was $25 million.  Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 10. We entered the quarter with $1.8 billion in cash and short-term marketable securities compared with $1.94 billion a year ago, a decrease of approximately $140 million. Including the activity in Q3 that I just reviewed, over the past 12 months, we have used a total of approximately $230 million to pay down debt. On Slide 11, you see our debt maturity schedule as of September 30. As reflected here, total debt including our convertible notes was $1.7 billion on September 30. $151 million shown as due this year is chiefly short-term debt used locally for working capital purposes that typically remains outstanding. Looking ahead, $400 million in March 2012 and $200 million in March 2013 are the first optional cash put and call dates of our convertible notes. Both tranches have a $12.30 parity price with our underlying common stock.  In summary, on Slide 12, we believe our results speak to the fact that Interpublic is fully competitive. We are winning in high-growth markets and in the most contemporary digital marketing disciplines, and we are executing to a high standard across our business. We continue to realize the benefits of a globally diversified business and client base, and we are seeing tangible yield on the investments we have made in tools and talent in recent years. Now let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Frank. In reviewing the quarter and the year-to-date, a few additional major headlines standout. First, our competitiveness is evident in organic growth that is at the top of our peer group, despite facing the toughest comps in our sector. During the first 9 months of this year, all geographic regions posted organic revenue growth, as did all of our major global networks. Another long-term positive for us is the fact that the competitiveness of our offering results from investments that we've been making in talent, so that all of our agencies migrate their offerings to incorporate fast-growth, digital competencies, as well as the recent acquisitions in digital and geographic growth markets. At Mediabrands, both of our global networks, Initiative and UM, are among the best in terms of contemporary and high-quality media thinking. The addition of assets such as ORION Trading, ID Media, or our Cadreon Audience Platform, which we've built based on proprietary data analytics technology, allow us to deliver customized solutions for a broad range of marketer needs. A new lab that's set to launch in New York next week will be a further showcase of the ways Mediabrands works closely with media owners and technology companies to stay on the leading edge and act as true business partners for their clients. At Draftfcb, despite the recent client loss, has an equal resolve to demonstrate that the agency's integrated model is a powerful engine for growth. Channel-agnostic marketing advise is what our clients need most, especially when it's informed by the behavior-based research and analytic tools available at Draftfcb. The agency has also been able to significantly strengthen its creative leadership. During the quarter, Draftfcb was once again a strong contributor to top and bottom line performance for IPG overall. At McCann, there's an appropriate speed and focus in the new management team's transformation efforts. Recent wins with existing multinationals show that we are moving in the right direction. Dynamic new leadership is joining us in key markets such as Brazil, Germany and Japan, as well as in North American regional level. The emphasis on collaboration within Worldgroup is also on target, as are our efforts to build an accountability practice that will allow the agency to share in the upside value of the iconic ideas it creates. We continue to see CMG companies take share from the competition, particularly in the PR space. Weber Shandwick is a dominant player with terrific depth of management and practice area leadership. The agency was recently named 1 of the 4 best places to work in social media by the respected Mashable news blog. That's among all companies, not just those in our sector. GolinHarris, Octagon, Jack Morton and FutureBrand are also making great strides as leaders in their respective disciplines and as part of a larger integrated team. Lowe & Partners' solid performance supports the fact that the business has a clear and focused positioning as a creator of populist, creative ideas that drives business results, such as the terrific work for Unilever around the world and the work Deutsch is doing for Volkswagen. It has an impressive footprint and reputation in the high-growth, emerging economies, and it is developing a strong offer in the area of a shopper marketing while partnering with huge digital capabilities. All of which, which put it on the track to broaden this portfolio of multinational clients as seen in the recent wins from Microsoft, which have been a result of combining Deutsch's U.S. strength and the Lowe worldwide network.  As mentioned earlier, our digital specialist agencies are among the best in the business, and we're seeing strong results from them. R/GA continues to be the premier name in the space. Growth at HUGE has been dramatic, and the agency is now expanding internationally. MRM is another strong performer. It's worth noting that while an integral part of the Worldgroup, MRM is also one of the world's largest global digital agency networks, with offices in over 30 world markets. Our U.S. independents continued to perform well because they combine high-caliber creativity and content-creation capability, deep strategic insights and digital expertise with a full range of communications disciplines from PR to CRM. Once again, the Martin Agency, Hill Holliday and Mullen were particular standouts. Our results reflect the fact that we have the right offerings and people to successfully compete in the marketplace. And while there is economic uncertainty, we have shown that we are capable of effectively controlling expenses and continuing to make margin progress in a range of revenue environments. We've also indicated to you that we manage to the year end and cautioned against reading too much into any single quarter's results. With respect to 2012, it's still too early in our planning cycle to comment on next year. Though the macroeconomic environment is uncertain, we will still stay vigilant on our cost. The third quarter and first 9 months were very strong in terms of increased profitability. Of course, we leverage strong organic growth with careful expense management. We continue to invest in growth areas of the businesses, supporting our agencies as they step up the transition to digital and we expect further into high-growth emerging markets. And we also follow through on our commitment to put cash to work through dividend and share repurchase programs.  To summarize, we're well-positioned to meet or surpass our targets of 4% to 5% organic growth and at least 9.5% operating margin. This is consistent with the longer-term plan for the businesses that we shared at Investor Day. This level of performance, combined with targeted strategic M&A activity and return of capital to our owners, will allow us to deliver increased shareholder value. I thank you for your support and now open the floor for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Now our first request is from Alexia Quadrani of JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani: Can you just dig in a bit further on the impressive revenue performance in the quarter, specifically in the U.S.? Where did you really see most of the acceleration in revenue growth in the quarter? And any, I guess, further comments you can give us on the performance of McCann?
Michael I. Roth: Yes. One of the things about our agencies, if you couple the independent agencies with our global networks -- obviously, as you know, 60% of our overall revenue comes from North America, which, in this environment, we think, is positive. We saw strong growth in the retail sector in particular, which was very helpful to us given the performance and the spend in that investment. The financial service sector, particularly in the United States, led by clients like MasterCard and eBay, and of course, our digital offerings of R/GA and HUGE were significant in the U.S. growth. So you couple all of those together, I think continues to show that our footprint in the United States, coupled with our overall global footprint, is what's driving these strong results.
Alexia S. Quadrani: And understanding you have a more difficult comp in the Q4 that you mentioned, but does it feel like this relative -- this sort of acceleration you're seeing continues into October? And then -- Michael, you know I had to ask that. And then on the severance number, does that include SC Johnson in the quarter?
Michael I. Roth: Yes, the severance number does include SC Johnson. 1.1% is a little bit higher than the numbers -- we usually tell you to use around 1%. I think given the environment we're in and some of the performance in some of our European agencies, I think a little north of 1% is a good number to use for the severance numbers going forward. The fourth quarter, we continue to say, Alexia -- and I loved your headline in your note, I thank you -- is we got to look at this on a full year basis. And which is why we're saying we keep looking at 4% to 5%. Probably, we should be able to do better than that, and the 9.5% or better margin. Fourth quarter has strong headwinds, and obviously, if we continue to perform the way we are, we're hopeful to see a good performance in the fourth quarter. But it's just very difficult for us to go quarter-to-quarter. But the tone is very solid. And the key there, of course, is our project business, and we haven't seen any pullback in the project business. And if you recall, 2008, we really didn't see that pullback until the end of November and December, so. And you've heard me say this. This doesn't feel like 2008. Our clients have a fair amount of cash on their balance sheets. They have access to the capital markets, and we don't get a sense of any big pullback in the fourth quarter. So all of that leads to the conclusions we stated in terms of our goals for the full year.
Operator: Our next request from John Janedis of UBS.
John Janedis: Guys, if we look back over to the last 10 years or so, I don't think you've ever had a period where the second and the third quarter operating margins were equal to each other. And I know the driver, Frank, was the base and benefits line, but can you dig a little bit more in terms of specificity on that line item? And if there were no shifts of costs, do we expect 2Q and 3Q margins to be close to equal going forward?
Frank Mergenthaler: John, I'm not sure I can comment on the go forward of Q2 and Q3, but I think it is worth calling out again as we did in our last call that the sequential buildup of costs in 2010 was dramatic, given the phasing of revenue growth coming out of the recession. So what you saw was, as growth came back in the equation in the second quarter of 2010, we couldn't hire quick enough and we had to somewhat catch-up in the back half of the year. For 2011, right now, the growth is at a more sustained pace. And as we said in the second quarter call, you should expect that H2 cost increases should not be as dramatic as they were in the prior year, and I think that was evident in the third quarter.
Michael I. Roth: I think it's a legitimate question to ask that as we've seen this growth, do we have to hire a significant amount of people to support that? And consistent with what Frank just said, again, we manage to the full year. And so we don't see a big ramp up in our cost in the fourth quarter, which would give people concern. And I think that's the discipline that we've shown, we've been able to continually show in our performance.
John Janedis: And just quickly, can you remind us how much project business added to your organic growth in the fourth quarter last year?
Frank Mergenthaler: I don't know the definition, John, what we could describe as a project. I mean, we saw in -- as Michael pointed out, we don't see this as 2008 all over again, but things you would have considered not project business in 2008 have dried up pretty quickly. So there's a fair amount of variability against all the fourth quarter revenue. And to Michael's point, right now, operators are still feeling pretty good about how business feels going into the last 3 months.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, but, I mean -- don't think about project businesses as providing the majority of our revenue in the fourth quarter, okay? We still have a regular -- the rest of our businesses to perform.
Operator: Our next request from Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne: Just a couple of questions. One clarification, Michael and Frank, is all the severance related to the SC Johnson account loss already accrued?
Frank Mergenthaler: There's some amount that you're going to see, Ben, in the fourth quarter, but the majority of it was dealt with in the third quarter.
Benjamin Swinburne: Okay, terrific. And then any comment on the buyback pace? Or maybe a better way to ask the question is, are there things in the third versus the fourth quarter that we should be keeping in mind around cash flow, and obviously, the Facebook proceeds this quarter, that we should -- that factor into how you guys think about the buyback that we should just keep in mind?
Michael I. Roth: One of the questions that always comes up is, during this past quarter, we've seen a depressed stock price, which, if this was a pure opportunistic buyback, when we were below $8 a share or even below, we would've taken all our cash and bought in our shares. I understand that some people are of that view. We view the share buyback program as a program. And that is, over a period of time, we return cash to our shareholders in a very thoughtful way. That said, you can see we've accelerated our share buyback program and use of, a, by the Facebook shares, but the other authorization that we had prior to the Facebook transaction, and that was an indication that we did believe that our shares were oversold, and there was an opportunity for us to buy in shares at what we viewed as an attractive price. But we're not going to use our share buyback program as a vehicle to pick the right stock price for us to buy-in our shares. So I think with the tone of us accelerating at the rate we did puts us on track to complete the share buyback program before it was originally contemplated when we instituted the plan. But again, it's not going to cause us to accelerate in a dramatic pace if the share price declines.
Benjamin Swinburne: Got you. I don't think you'll have that problem today.
Michael I. Roth: I don't think so -- I hope not. Thank you.
Benjamin Swinburne: And then just lastly, I mean, last quarter, we were all freaking out about revenue being pushed out into the rest of the year. I didn't know -- I think you guys had called out Latin America, maybe specifically Brazil. Was that part of the acceleration in that region this quarter?
Michael I. Roth: Well, I think what we said was some of it was timing. And I think what you've seen is the recovery in Brazil is exactly that. We saw the timing give rise in the third quarter. Again, it goes to the issue of we can't particularly call out exactly what quarter a lot of this revenue is going to fall in. But aside from the timing of that particular event, we've seen a very strong business environment in Brazil, and it's reflected in the double-digit growth that you're seeing.
Operator: Our next request now is from David Bank of RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank: Two questions. The first is, we have seen a lot of headlines, some high-profile headlines in the first half of the year on some of the kind of losses that occurred. But those in theory did open up some opportunities as you are conflicted pretty heavily by some of them. Can you update us on how you see new business coming together? Is there a timeframe? Is there any color you can give us on how you're sort of filling the hole in a sense, looking into 2012? And the second question is, a little bit of a follow-up on the last one, which is, if you look at what drove the outperformance, can you talk about how much of it was about stuff that was within your control like increased scope of business, more business earned as opposed to the actual client spend, stuff that you don't so much control but certainly benefited from?
Michael I. Roth: Yes, let me talk about headwinds. It seems to be -- unfortunately, I've always articulated that -- first of all, our strongest growth comes from our existing clients, okay? And I think the positive results that you're seeing is consistent with that, okay? Because it's hard to cycle through the client losses that we are cycling through both in 2011 and the cycling that we have headwinds in going to 2012. And our biggest mantra here is keep our existing clients happy and to continue to grow within those clients. And fortunately, that's what we've been able to do. So a good portion of our growth is coming from our existing client base. And coming into 2011, we had some difficult headwinds that we were able to overcome. And, yes, we have some client losses that we have to cycle through in 2012. That's a headwind. But on business units, in particular, the ones who were -- like Draftfcb, which has to cycle through that client loss, they're very focused on replacing that business. It's not going to happen overnight, but they have a game plan. They've been working on it. You're right, absolutely, that it opened up a category for them, which previously they couldn't approach because of the exclusivity. But more importantly, that category has opened up for all of our global brands. And that category has some of the great multinational companies on a global footprint. And we're already working those clients to see how we pick up revenue from those -- that sector, if you will. So I think it will take some time, but I'm confident that we'll be able to overtake those headwinds, particularly at Draftfcb and the rest of our global clients and networks. On the question of timing and things like that, in the good old days, you can address timing and smoothing on revenue and expenses from an accounting point of view, and shame on us for missing by $26 million. I'll have to reiterate, it was only $26 million in the second quarter. But it goes to show you that we really don't have that type of control, and we don't control the scope of work. And the fact is, we have a scope of work that we work against. And the timing of that -- we don't all of a sudden run out and have all of our people complete everything at the end of the third quarter so that we can meet targets. So what you're really asking is that we move a lot of our business from the fourth quarter into the third quarter...
David Bank: No, Mike. I'm really -- that really wasn't the question. The question was more about, is it kind of about client spend that's somewhat unpredictable and maybe came in stronger? Or is it that -- are you increasing your scope of business with clients? Are there -- Are you sort of winning more wallet share out of your clients?
Michael I. Roth: Yes, absolutely. And that's my point about -- if you took our top 20 clients, we see good organic growth from them. And the answer to that, that has historically been a key portion of our organic growth. And, yes, the wallet share and the scope -- area scope. Project business, by definition, is one-offs, and it goes on top of our normal revenue stream. And that's why when we say project business is strong, that's good for us. And the way we get more money from our existing client is exactly the key to our success. And that is we bring more of our expertise, we bring more of the integrated offering to the table, and hopefully, we bring in some of our other disciplines throughout IPG and to our existing clients. That's how our model is supposed to work.
Operator: Our next request from Bill Bird of Lazard.
William G. Bird: I was wondering if you could just talk about your relative appetite for larger acquisitions like $1 billion-plus acquisitions?
Michael I. Roth: We constantly look at a lot of these transactions that are out there, particularly in the digital space. We see the prices that are being asked. And it's a time for us to reiterate our strategy on digital. We don't believe we have to go out and buy huge digital offerings. We have premier -- R/GA is growing dramatically on a global basis. What we did with HUGE is a great example of our strategy, and that is, we bought a create company, headquartered in Brooklyn and coupled it with a low footprint and the rest of IPG and their own expertise. They're growing on a global basis. We're very competitive on the digital basis, and we pick up strategic digital transactions as you saw we did in the third quarter. So we don't see any need for us to spend huge amount of money to add to our digital portfolio. If we were losing in the digital environment, whether it be our specialist digital agencies or our global networks like McCann, Draftfcb or Lowe, and if we were losing obviously, with the Worldgroup having MRM -- and I already referenced them in terms of them being one of the largest global digital agencies, there's no need for us to go out and spend that kind of money to bring in the expertise because we already have the expertise within the umbrella. On the media side, which is a subtle way of your question, sure, there are markets where we would like to have a bigger scale. But there's no need for us to go out and spend $1 billion for us to capture those markets. So we're going to grow those markets organically. We're going to add to our talent pool. If we see strategic acquisitions on those markets that will fit in within our global objective -- we've been spending about $150 million a year on acquisitions, and there's no reason for us to ramp that up to $1 billion. It's only if we were missing an expertise would we spend that kind of money right now.
William G. Bird: And on the buyback program, is it your intention to have buybacks mirror cash flow as you figure out how to deploy it for a year?
Michael I. Roth: Well, clearly, cash flow was a factor that goes into buybacks. Remember, we had built up an excess cash position on our balance sheet as we were going -- as we -- going through our turnaround period. And given the confidence level that management and the board has in our business offerings and the future of IPG, that certainly added to the fact that we implemented a dividend as well as the share buyback program. But you have to keep sight of your cash flow before you go out and continue, particularly with share buyback. The dividend, we believe, you don't institute a dividend if you're not highly confident that it will continue out into the out-years. So we will be very conscious of our cash flows, which continue to support the buyback program and the dividend that you see.
William G. Bird: And I may have missed it in your last response, and I apologize, but on new business, just wondering how new business opportunities look right now.
Michael I. Roth: Actually, there are announced global pitches that are out there. McCann Worldgroup is in the finals of the Exxon pitch. General Motors has some big media, as well as a pitch going on right now, which we're participating in. As Exxon goes, we don't see any big global pitches. But on the other side, we are winning business. I always comment about this, whenever we lose business, it's always out in the papers. When we win business from multinational clients, they like to keep it quiet. So it just so happens, when we win business, we can't announce it. When we lose business, it's all over the papers. So we've had some good client wins already, which are adding to our growth numbers, and we're very pleased with it. I'd rather win the business and not announce it than not have it.
Operator: Our next question now is from Peter Stabler, Wells Fargo.
Peter Stabler: Revisiting some of the Investor Day commentary, I think, Frank, that you gave, and thinking about 2012, I understand visibility is poor, it's cloudy you're in the middle of discussions with clients about projected scope of work, et cetera. But in your longer-term ramp towards competitive level of margins kind of laid out a 30% incremental margin target or metric, if you will, and just thinking about 2012, organic growth, I would say the street's probably looking at anywhere from 1% to 4%, somewhere in there. What do you need on organic growth to get to that kind of incremental margin? And in kind of a bear-case scenario, if the clouds darken and build a little bit more here and we're looking at a poor year for 2012, can you still build margin? Can you still step forward?
Frank Mergenthaler: On Investor Day discussion, Peter, we used a growth rate of 4% to 5%. We saw the 30% conversion rate on that was reasonable, and we still think that based upon where we are today. If we see growth pull back a bit some more, can we still have margin improvement? I think we can, yes. We've got a number of initiatives around the company with respect to investment against tools and technology and back-office consolidation and shared service. So there's a whole bunch of other things going on to drive operating efficiency. And I think we're already seeing some of the benefits of that in our cost controls this year.
Michael I. Roth: If we enter a period as we did, and I don't believe we are of 2009, it's obviously difficult to expand margin in that environment. But on a flat to slightly positive organic growth for '12, we should be able to expand margin. It just won't be expanding at the rate that we've expanded it, obviously, in 2011. But I think flat to positive, we should be able to expand margin.
Peter Stabler: Great. And a quick revisit to a prior question on the new business versus organic growth from existing clients. I guess just to rephrase, did you see anything in this quarter, which kind of disproportionately changed the contribution of those 2 buckets? Or was it kind of a normal, we have new business money come in and we have growth from existing clients?
Michael I. Roth: Yes, I think it's a combination of that. And frankly, the strength of our digital offerings is very powerful. And if you take our MRM, you take HUGE and you take R/GA, those 3 offerings are growing at very attractive rates. And the fact that they're global, I think, is adding to those results and, frankly, which is why -- it adds to our comfort level on growth going into the out-years.
Operator: Our next request now from Tim Nollen, Macquarie.
Tim Nollen: My questions have been basically answered. Just 2 quick touchups, please. My understanding coming into Q3 was you were still cycling against some cost build up from last year. I just want to clarify that, that is more or less out of the system now on a relative basis when you started rebuilding cost last year. And then secondly, again on new business, obviously, there was at least one very high-profile loss. I don't know if you'd care to give a figure or a trend on that new business in the quarter. But maybe another way to ask it would be is would net new account wins in Q3 contribute to ongoing growth or perhaps withdraw from that?
Michael I. Roth: Well, I'll let Frank answer the question on the cost. But we're still net new business negative, and we still have headwinds going into 2012. But there were, obviously, wins to offset the headwinds we had on those clients coming into the third quarter, and some of it were client-specific. So if we had a headwind, for example, on Microsoft, which we did, the fact that Deutsch won business from Microsoft in terms of their Windows and their B2B business, that obviously offsets some of the headwinds. So that's the kind of stuff that we're talking about. The one client at Draftfcb, that is discrete, and that's a headwind going into 2011, and we're starting to build up revenue against that loss.
Frank Mergenthaler: Tim, on the cost side, what we said was we don't expect to see the second half costs accelerate compared to the first half, some of the pace -- the same pace we saw 2010. But let's remember that you have sequential revenue growth Q3 to Q4 that will require some incremental cost, but we don't expect that cost to be at the same pace that we saw growth in the prior year.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, let me clarify one other point. For example, on General Motors, MRM continues to win digital business and scope on its projects with General Motors. So on an IPG basis, we had a headwind from the loss of Chevy at Campbell-Ewald and yet, MRM is growing General Motors, so that accounts for a part of the -- obviously a good part of the makeup on that particular client.
Tim Nollen: Okay. So after the losses that we all know about, the trend in replacing that is positive? Correct?
Michael I. Roth: Yes, it's flat to positive, but obviously, our goal is to turn positive.
Operator: Our next request now is from James Dix of Wedbush.
James Dix: Two things, one on growth, which you guys have discussed a little bit before for 2012. You've talked as of third quarter that you're showing that your competitive levels in terms of your offering and ability of win in the market, that seems a little bit modest, given today's results, but obviously, you also have some headwinds, which you've also talked about, some client losses. So looking forward, is it best for us in terms of modeling to think about whatever our industry growth assumption is and make some haircut to it for you, just given known headwinds? Or do you think maybe you're still positioned to grow in line with the industry, whatever that's going to be next year? And then second, just in terms of margins, now that it looks like 2011 seems to be more in hand in terms of hitting your targets, just thinking about the longer term progression towards that 13% that you laid out in your Investor Day, could you just refresh or update in any way where you expect the bulk of that leverage to come from? Roughly what proportions from leverage against salaries and then versus other things?
Michael I. Roth: Yes, I'll handle the headwinds issue. I'll let Frank talk about the margins. Well, I think you already said, we expect to convert the revenue with a 30% conversion, and that's how we get to the 2013 target using the growth assumptions of 4% to 5%. If I was modeling on a very conservative basis, I think your approach to industry norm minus headwinds would be a very conservative way to look at our numbers. That said, I do believe that we're very focused. We've opened up category here as a result of one of the big losses. We have had wins -- new business wins and we've had successes in growing organically. So obviously, we wouldn't view that as a good performance, okay? And certainly, when we outlined our budgets and our goals for the year, I wouldn't view that as a -- we wouldn't walk away being satisfied with that performance.
Frank Mergenthaler: And James, on the margin progression, I think given where we are through 9 months, we still believe that the bridge we built you for Investor Day is still very accurate. There are some growth components to it, and I think most of the leverages have come out of base salaries.
James Dix: Okay. So basically, that slide in your presentation pretty much still holds?
Michael I. Roth: Still good.
Operator: Our next request now from Craig Huber of Access 342.
Craig A. Huber: Most of my questions have been answered, but I was wondering if you could give us a little better breakdown by industry group how you guys did here. I'm particularly curious in the quarter how auto did, and what were some of your weaker categories?
Michael I. Roth: Well, auto is where we were clearly cycling through the loss of Campbell-Ewald. It was still positive, but it wasn't at the double-digit growth that we saw in the second quarter. That said, we do have some wins, particularly as I outlined at MRM, and the spend at some of our existing other auto clients. It was in the low-single digits in terms of auto. Retail was particularly strong for us, as I said before, that being up double -- well into the double digits. Financial services, the same thing. Health and personal care was high-single digits for us, as was food and beverage.
James Dix: What categories were weak in the quarter?
Michael I. Roth: Packaged goods was a little bit soft, and that reflected as transitioning through a particular client, as you know. And tech and telecom, which is a big sector for us, was in the low-single digits. And there, we had a couple of small clients that we're still cycling through. But our big tech and telecom clients provided some growth to us.
James Dix: What is your general sense of for 2012, the categories that you perhaps are most concerned about as you look out for the 12-month period? Is it the same categories that were weak in the third quarter? Are they...
Michael I. Roth: I think packaged goods is always the one that you get concerned about. I think historically, on a full year basis, we see slow growth, but it's consistent. So I think that's a reasonable assumption for packaged goods going forward. Everyone is always concerned about the auto sector given the cyclicality of that. And if we're entering into a double dip, is there going be a pullback there? We haven't seen any indications of that. And I think our offerings in the auto sector continue to be very strong. Remember, in addition to General Motors, we do Volkswagen, Hyundai and Chrysler. So those are -- we have -- and Subaru, if you will. So we have offsets to one particular company, and I think that bodes well for us. And I think, again, in a difficult environment, financial services and retail always are a question, but so far, we've been very pleased with the spend in those markets.
Craig A. Huber: And is your thoughts on auto in the fourth quarter, do you expect it to do better than you saw in the third quarter?
Michael I. Roth: Well, we continue to see solid spend there. I can't comment yet with fourth quarter still ongoing. Okay. Well, I thank you all for your support, and obviously, we're quite pleased with this quarter, and we look forward to you -- with you sharing our year-end results. Thank you again.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for your participation. The conference has concluded. All lines may please disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael Roth - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Jerome Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc. John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The Interpublic Group Second Quarter and First Half of 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome Leshne: Good morning. Jerry Leshne. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern.  During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company, which are subject to uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation, and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our results for the second quarter and first half of 2011. As always, I'll provide an overview, hand it off to Frank for an in-depth look at the results, then I'll return with some commentary on the agencies before we turn the call over for Q&A.  As you've seen in our report this morning, Q2 organic revenue was 4.7%. Our operating profit in the quarter was $174 million compared to $177 million a year ago, and operating margin was 10% compared to 11% in Q2 '10. Diluted earnings per share were $0.19, ahead of last year's $0.15 a share. Because 2010 was a very strong growth year for us, our comps are quite challenging, and that accounts in part for the moderation in our overall growth rates.  The second quarter organic revenue result of 4.7% is on top of last year's industry-leading Q2 result of 8.5%. Likewise, in the U.S., our second quarter organic growth was 4.2% on top of 13.6% growth in the second quarter of 2010. Two events hurt our U.S. organic revenue growth by 2.5% in the quarter. The loss of an account in the auto sector last year, as well as the winding down of the census work this year.  We're pleased to see international organic growth of 5.5%. From a sector perspective, growth was led by clients in the health and personal care and auto industries. And while worldwide revenue grew in June, the largest month in the quarter outside North America, June revenue was not as strong as we had anticipated.  Turning to cost. Our results reflect the fact they were comping against the first half of 2010 that saw strong revenue gains but low expense growth. At the same time, we continued to make investments in payroll during the quarter to support growth in areas of our business, notably in the areas of digital, strategic insights and creative capabilities. We are confident that continued disciplined investment in the quality of our people and our offerings will support the resumption of strong margin growth in the second half of this year. This long-standing commitment to investing in our talent has been a major driver in the success of our turnaround to date.  In fact, we just completed our midyear operating reviews with all our major business units, and the tone of the business is strong, notwithstanding the June monthly result. Given our first half organic revenue growth of 6.8%, which is fully competitive with our peer group, combined with what we're hearing from our clients and from our agency leadership, we remain confident that we will achieve our organic growth target of 4% to 5% for the full year. Clients remain focused on growth, and are looking to us for help in maximizing the value they can drive with their brands.  The consumer and media landscape remains extremely complex and the importance of marketing will only continue to increase. There's also beginning to be a pickup in new business activity, notably in the media arena. During the second quarter, our cost and revenue fell out of step, but we see this as an interim result, and all of our operating units will be highly focused on margin enhancement during the back half of 2011. This is why we are also continue to believe we will deliver at least 9.5% operating margin for this year. Our goal of sustained margin expansion to fully competitive profitability within the next few years, which we set out in detail at our Investor Day remains unchanged.  Before closing, I want to update you on other key developments that have taken place since our last call, which demonstrates confidence in the long-term prospects of our company. During the second quarter, we were pleased to receive upgrades from both Moody's and S&P. Moody's took us up 2 notches to investment grade where Fitch already had us. S&P upgraded IPG to 1 notch below investment grade. These actions further validate the great progress we've made in terms of the financial strength and performance of our company.  In terms of share repurchase program, the second quarter was the first full quarter under the authorization granted by our board in late February, and we repurchased approximately 11 million common shares using approximately $130 million during the quarter. That brings us to 12 million shares and $139 million since the inception of the program. This activity underscores that we believe that IPG represents a long-term opportunity for significant value creation and are, therefore, moving to deploy our capital to increase returns for our shareholders.  At this point, let me turn things over to Frank for an in-depth review of the quarter and the year-to-date.
Frank Mergenthaler: Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, you'll see an overview of the quarter. We'll track some of the points Michael just made. 4.7% organic growth in Q2, somewhat stronger than international markets as a whole than the U.S., and 6.8% organic growth for the first half of the year. Our operating income in the second quarter of 2011 was $174 million, a 10% margin compared to operating income of $177 million in Q2 2010. To re-emphasize what Michael said earlier, we expect to deliver significant year-on-year margin improvement in the second half of the year.  Diluted EPS was $0.19 per share compared to $0.15 per diluted share last year. We ended the quarter in a strong liquidity position that included $1.82 billion of cash in marketable securities in the balance sheet. This compares with $1.94 billion a year ago. The comparison reflects heavy use of approximately $200 million during the 12 months to pay down debt, $140 million to repurchase our shares and $55 million on our common stock dividend in 2011. During the quarter, we increased our corporate credit facility to $1 billion with more favorable terms and lower cost than the previous credit facility, which increases our financial flexibility.  Turning to Slide 3, you see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail on the slides to follow. It's worth noting that our Q2 effective tax rate was 30.5%, primarily reflecting a benefit in the quarter related to the conclusion of prior period tax audits.  Turning to operations on Slide 4, beginning with revenue. Revenue in the quarter was $1.74 billion, an increase of 8%. Compared to Q2 2010, exchange rates added 3.6%, and it was a slight decrease from net acquisitions and dispositions. Our organic revenue increase was 4.7%. We had organic growth in almost every region of the world. International markets were up 5.5% and the U.S. was up 4.2% on an organic basis.  On a sector basis, we had strong growth in Auto and Health and Personal care. We have decreases in Packaged Goods, and to a lesser extent, Tech and Telecom due to some softness in the latter part of the quarter. Our other sector also decreased due to a nonrecurring project in the public sector that Michael mentioned.  In the first half of 2011, organic growth was 6.8%. On the bottom half of the slide, you can see the revenue performance of our operating segments. At our Integrated Agency Networks, organic growth was 3.9% in Q2 with growth in both the U.S., international markets. With strong contributions from Mediabrands and Draftfcb, partially offset elsewhere by the loss of an auto sector client last year and decreases in the Lat Am region.  At our CMG segment, revenue increased 9.1% in organic basis in Q2 led by double-digit increases in several international markets. We were led by PR, notably Weber Shandwick, as well as event marketing and branding.  Moving on to Slide 5, which provides a look at revenue by region. In the U.S., the organic increase of 4.2% in Q2 was driven by growth at all of our global networks and our marketing services specialists. We have very strong results from our Media business. We've already mentioned that our revenue growth was hurt by the loss of an auto brand last year and by a project that did not repeat this year. Leading client sectors in the U.S. were Health and Personal Care and Auto, Packaged Goods and Tech and Telecom sectors decreased. International organic growth was 5.5%.  In the U.K., revenue increased 15.3% organically driven by a number of our agencies, including a strong result in our events business. The comparison also benefit from the timing of revenue in the quarter. In continental Europe, the organic increase was 2.3% in line with our expectations for the region. We continue to see mixed results by country. Among our largest markets, revenue increased in France and Germany. It was flat in Italy, but down in Spain. In Asia Pac, organic growth was 5.8% led by double-digit increases in India followed by growth in China. Japan was positive for the quarter due to the contributions of multinational clients. We saw growth in Australia though it is low-single digit level. In Lat Am, the organic change was a decrease of 1.4% driven by decreases in Brazil, across most client sectors. It's worth noting that we grew 5.1% for the 6 months and expect to resume our growth in the back half of this year. Our other markets grew 8.3% organically reflecting strong performance in South Africa and Canada.  On Slide 6, we chart the longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 8.7% reflects Q2 2011 and a roll-off of Q2 last year.  On Slide 7, we take a closer look at operating expenses. Salaries and related expenses were 62.9% of revenue this year compared to 61.5% of revenue in Q2 2010. As Michael mentioned earlier, some revenue shortfall late in the quarter, combined with our continued investment to grow our digital and [indiscernible] capabilities meant that cost were ultimately out of step with revenue in Q2. The combination of base payroll plus temporary labor increased 6.9% organically, compared with 4.7% organic revenue growth. We are managing aggressively to bring this relationship back into alignment, including stepped up oversight by our agencies on staffing, raises and temporary labor.  In the quarter, total SRS was $1.1 billion compared with $191 million (sic) [$991 million], an increase of 10.6% or 6.9% organically. Base pay, benefits and tax was 52% of revenue compared with 51% a year ago, reflecting investments we have made during the last 12 months to support our strong growth. Headcount at quarter end was 42,100, an increase of 3.5% from a year ago and 0.7% sequentially from the end of the first quarter. The increases are in growth areas such as media, digital capabilities across our networks, and in our digital specialist agencies, and in public relations, which has also increasingly digitally-driven.  Regionally, we had increases in India, China and Brazil. Severance expense was 1.3% of Q2 revenue compared with 1.1% of revenue a year ago. Our Q2 headcount actions was focused in the U.S. and Europe and were related to talent and leadership upgrades, as well as to driving improved efficiency going forward.  Incentive expense in the quarter was 3.5% of revenue compared with 3.4% a year ago. For the full year, we continue to expect incentive expense in our historical range of 3.5% to 4% of revenue. Temporary labor expense was 3.8% compared with 3.4% a year ago, which is something we will be aggressively addressing going forward. All other salaries and related expenses were flat and decreased to 2.3% of revenues, compared with 2.6% a year ago.  Turning to ops and general expenses on the lower half of this slide. Energy expense was 27% of revenue compared with 27.5% a year ago, a 50 basis point improvement. O&G was a $471 million, an increase of 6.3% and 2.8% on an organic basis. Occupancy expense as a percent of revenue decreased 10 basis points, and professional fees as a percent of revenue remained unchanged. T&E, office supplies and telecom increased slightly as a percent of revenue. Other O&G expenses decreased 60 basis points as a percent of revenue reflecting leverage on general cost and depreciation. On a year-to-year basis, O&G expense was 28.3% of revenue through June 30, compared to 29.2% a year ago.  On Slide 8, as usual, we show an adjusted operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis, which was 8.3% as of the end of Q2, a slight decrease from the end of Q1. Margin expansion to fully competitive levels within the next few years continues to be our primary financial objective.  On Slide 9, we turn to cash flow for the quarter. Cash from operations was $199 million compared with $354 million in Q2, with cash from working capital contributing $67 million compared with $167 million a year ago. Investing activities used $68 million, included here under acquisitions, our acquisition of a digital agency in the U.K. during the quarter. CapEx is chiefly for IT and real estate improvements. Financing activities used $175 million, primarily the repurchase of 11 million shares of our common stock for $128 million and our quarterly common stock dividend of $28 million. Acquisition-related payments of $44 million primarily refers to the increases in our investment and consolidated subsidiaries. The net decrease in cash and marketable securities in the quarter was $31 million.  Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 10. We ended the quarter with $1.82 billion in cash and short-term marketable securities, compared with $1.94 billion a year ago, a decrease of approximately $120 million. Including the activity in Q2 that I just reviewed, over the past 12 months, we have used a total of approximately $200 million to pay down debt. We were pleased to receive upgrades from 2 credit agencies during the quarter. We also increased our corporate credit facility to $1 billion from $650 million during the second quarter. The amended facility also extends the maturity to May 2016 from July 2013, reduces our expenses and has less restricted financial covenants.  On Slide 11, you see our debt maturity schedule as of June 30. As reflected here, total debt, including our convertible notes is $1.8 billion on June 30. We have $189 million due this year, most of which is short term debt used locally for working capital purposes that typically remains outstanding. The smaller piece is the maturity of our August 2011 note, of which only 36 remains and which we intend to pay from cash on hand.  Looking ahead to 2012 and 2013, the $400 million and $200 million amounts are the first optional put and call dates of our convertible notes rather than their 2023 maturity dates. These notes have a $12.30 parity price with our underlying common stock.  In summary, on Slide 12. For both the quarter and the half year, we continue to see revenue growth rate that supports our financial targets for the full year and will support our longer-term financial objectives. We are budgeting significantly slower operating expense growth during the second half of the year. With the 4% to 5% organic growth we are expecting for the full year, our second half targets are approximately 200 basis points of leverage compared to last year's second half. We should come roughly evenly from 100 basis points on our salaries and related expense and 100 basis points in our ops and general expense.  If you look at the change in our operating expenses last year, it makes sense that expense growth should decrease fairly dramatically in the second half of the year. Last year, operating expenses decreased 1% organically in the first half and increased over 8% in the second half. This primarily reflects the course of re-staffing following the recession. As a result, the expense comparison, if you will, was more challenging in the first half of this year but will ease in the second half.  Given our seasonality, in which the fourth quarter is the largest of the year, the fourth quarter has always figured very importantly in our margin growth for the past few years. We expect to do it again in 2011. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. In reviewing the quarter and the year-to-date, there are number of themes that emerge. The strength of our professional offerings remains evident in our 6.8% first half organic revenue growth that is near the top of our peer group, even though we were facing the toughest comps in our sector and slower-than-expected growth in June.  Also for the first 6 months, all geographic world regions posted organic revenue growth, as did all of our major global networks. The competitiveness of our offering can be seen across the board. You have only to look at how effectively our media agencies go to market, whether it's in the global pitches or against specialist agencies for digital assignments. Mediabrands' new emerging lab in New York and their new global cluster organization will make them even more attractive to forward-thinking marketers. The Draftfcb-integrated model has contributed to making it among the strongest topline contributors from our portfolio. The agency has been successfully upgrading its top creative talent in a number of key markets and a global management team that's highly disciplined and proven when it comes to delivering results.  We're seeing CMG continue to take share from the competition particularly in the PR space, where Weber Shandwick is a dominant player, building exceptional social media expertise and with the recent agency redesign at GolinHarris is defining the PR agency model for the future. Strong collaboration at Octagon, Jack Morton and FutureBrand is also part of the CMG success story.  We're also seeing strong revenue growth in international expansion at R/GA, HUGE and McCann's MRM. Our U.S. Independence continued to perform well, led by the Martin Agency, Hill Holliday and Mullen and Lowe keeps on delivering for its largest multi-national clients and winning new assignments from them. At McCann, we're pleased to see more senior-level executives joining the organization. There continues to be an influx of people in the creative area, in account leadership roles and among its market leaders. This type of investment in reinvigorating the Worldgroup will allow us to leverage its unrivaled roster of multinational clients. The key for us in the case of both McCann, and of the organization as a whole, will be to bring a high degree of focus for the remainder of this year to balancing investment and return.  Though our profitability at midyear is ahead of where we were at this time in 2010, we are seeing signs that cost are out of step with revenue. We're aware of the focus that is required on margin enhancement. And in recent years, we have shown that we can successfully manage to margin targets. And as we've indicated in the past, this is a seasonal business and we managed to the full year. And looking forward to the rest of the year, we clearly have the right offerings and people to compete effectively in the marketplace.  We remain confident that we will achieve our 4% to 5% organic revenue growth objective for the year and at least 9.5% operating margin, which is consistent with the long-term plan for the business that we shared at Investor Day. This level of performance, combined with targeted strategic M&A activity and a return of capital to our owners, will allow us to continue to deliver significant shareholder value appreciation. I thank you, and let's open the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Frank, could you provide a bit more detail on the revenues in the quarter, specifically how significant was the drop off in June? And really, I guess, what was behind it? Was it just some softness in the Package Goods category in June? Was it one client-specific, one region-specific? Any detail you can give us in June will be helpful.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, Alexia, as you know, June is by far the largest month in the quarter. And we were feeling pretty good through April, May. And we did see June fall off, although there was growth. Most of the falloff happened outside the U.S. and some of the sectors you called out were the drivers. Some, especially in Latin America, we saw some revenue move out of the quarter. But in talking to the folks down there, our expectation is that there's not a pullback in spend, it's just a timing issue. And some of the markets in Europe were relatively soft in the fourth quarter -- or in June.
Michael Roth: Let me just comment on the tone because it's a relevant answer to your question overall. And we do see this as interim, particularly as Frank pointed out in Brazil, we view that particularly in the package goods side, which accounted for the softness in that area as a timing issue in Brazil, as well as 1 or 2 clients that we were expecting some greater revenue had some pullback in terms of government controls and so on. So we view this as a timing issue, which will make up in the back half of the year. But overall, the tone of the business continues to be solid. And frankly, obviously, there's an overhang, if you will, in terms of what's happening in Washington and in terms of the world economic platform. But I've been meeting with a number of our clients, and the leadership indicate that even in this uncertainty, they still believe they have to invest behind their brands, which is why we believe for the rest of the year, we'll be able to deliver the results that we said we can.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So basically, I mean, it sounds like it's somewhat June-specific or somewhat maybe summer-specific, and so we should see maybe a better revenue picture in the third quarter? Is that what you're suggesting? And then the second part of that question is, since it seems like most of sort of the surprise weakness in June was outside the U.S., did McCann come in sort of as expected? Was McCann, I guess, U.S. McCann, I'm talking to, did they continue to see sort of healthy or more similar growth in Q2 as they saw in Q1 adjusting for comparison?
Michael Roth: Well, as we indicated, we've seen growth across all our global networks, okay. And again, we can't answer questions on a quarterly basis. All I can tell you is that we know from the pipeline that there's revenue in the second half of the year. To be frank, whether it comes in, in the third quarter or fourth quarter, I can't comment on it. Obviously, we saw a miss, if you will, in this quarter. But we're confident for the full year that it will happen. With respect to McCann, we know there are a couple of wins in the pipeline that we can't announce yet that will add to the indication of the talent having an impact in the marketplace for McCann. So we're pleased with the direction that they are heading in, and we're confident that they will deliver according to what we think they should deliver for the full year.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I guess, asking the question sort of in a different way than, if we can't pinpoint the revenue recovery whether it's going to be Q3, Q4, and I can understand that, because obviously you don't have it until fall [ph] have you adjusted the cost structure to assume that maybe the revenues don't come back in Q3?
Michael Roth: No, I think, remember, we manage our business to the margins, Alexia. And as we said, given the level of 4% to 5%, which we think is consistent with where we will end up, we manage our margins and when you add it all up, comes down to at least 9.5%. And so therefore, by definition, the cost will come in line with the revenue. And again, remembering the second half of the year, our comps in terms of expenses become easier than what we just went through. And Frank just went through in detail how the build up of the expenses was a mismatch to our revenue. But as we go through the year, they will fall in line with our objective.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. Then just a last question, should we assume the rate of buyback continues sort of pace you saw in the quarter?
Frank Mergenthaler: One of the questions in our last quarter was everyone is disappointed in the fact that we had 3 weeks of buyback, and we haven't used it all up. I think what you've seen is an indication that we believe in the shareholder value of returning cash to our shareholders, and we view this as an opportunity. So I think you can assume we will continue to be active in the marketplace. Again, consistent with an overall plan, but I think you've seen how our plan has been implemented in the past quarter. And I think you should expect that we will continue to keep shareholder value in mind as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I guess a little clarity, thanks for the detail and sort of the sequential progression in the quarter. I think you guys called out the Tech and Telecom category I was wondering if there's any more specific color you can give around what drove the volatility? And then second, you kind of highlighted 2 issues on the margin side. One was the mismatch of, I guess, really a mismatch of revenue and expenses, right? So if revenues have kind of come in maybe where you had expected them to in the first place, I mean, tough question to ask, but like how different would margins have looked?
Michael Roth: Yes, I mean, it's a great question. Let me put this whole thing in perspective for you, okay. If you just look at our operating income number, which was $174 million, if we had added $26 million of incremental revenue compared to $1.7 billion of total, we would have come in at $200 million operating income number, and all of these organic numbers and all our margin targets would've been met. So in terms of order of magnitude, compared to where we are, granted it's not where we would like to have been because of the various items we're talking about, we're talking about $26 million, okay. And that certainly within the range of an area over the next 2 quarters and the run rate that we certainly are comfortable that we'll make up. So I think it's fair to look at, and if you also look at the increase in our salary and expense line, compared to last year, for example, we were up 3.5%, but compared to the last quarter, we were up less than 1%. So it's not that all of a sudden our expenses are ramping up. It has so much to do with the comparison that we have to last year, okay. So we are on track, if you will, to achieve the numbers that we're saying we are. It just happens to be that they sell out of line in this quarter. And third quarter is, still, we're running into some issues on tracking, but we look at it on a full year basis. On your question of Tech and Telecom, it's a big sector for us. It's over 20%. So we have at least 5 or 6 pluses in Tech and Telecom, and we have a few pullbacks in Tech and Telecom. So that accounts for the fact that it was down, and obviously, the pluses we hope to continue for the rest of the year. And for example, we were cycling through a small client that was acquired through a merger, and so we see those kind of things. So it's not that we're falling out of bed here, it just happens to be that in this particular quarter, some of the pluses and minuses came out, not as we had scheduled them to fall throughout the year, the quarter if you would.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Chris Carasis [ph] with Wells Fargo.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: It's Peter Stabler at Wells Fargo Securities. So just a question about the guidance of 4% to 5% for the year. If you're to take a midpoint there, it implies a second half growth in the 3% range. Can you offer a little more color on the trajectory here? I mean, we all know that comps and how steep they get but are you seeing that the tone of client conversations change 3% would obviously reflect a rather market deceleration from first half, so that's the first question. And then with the second question just a little bit of clarification, you called out Auto and 2.5% minus contribution from Auto and another client. Could you give us a sense of how that impacted IAN specifically? And can I assume that the majority of that auto is Chevrolet?
Michael Roth: We don't like to call out clients, but you know our business pretty well. Let me look at it that way. And look, again, when we gave the guidance at 4% to 5% for the overall year in terms of the revenue, then you're talking about a 3% to 4.5% organic for the second half of the year. And if you model it out, we get to at least a 9.5% margin that we're talking about, and we believe that, that's a reasonable assumption to make.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Peter, we expect our normal seasonality with the fourth quarter is by far the strongest quarter.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. So at this point, no indications, I know Q4 is we get heavily weighted projects but nothing really abnormally different in terms of the cycling of those conversations and the timing of those conversations of clients right now. We're in mid-July, visibility should be improving on Q4, correct?
Michael Roth: Right. We are cycling through some. And what do we say, about 1% of headwinds in terms of organic?
Frank Mergenthaler: For the 2 issues that you called out in the second quarter, the census work and the Auto client, that's about 2% of headwind for the back half of the year.
Michael Roth: 2%.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then very quickly, that 2.5% of headwinds in the U.S., can you translate that into headwinds to IAN in this quarter where the 3.9% or is that not math yet?
Frank Mergenthaler: The majority of it was IAN.
Michael Roth: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Chesler with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: Maybe you can just further go into the nature of the misalignment between revenue and cost? Are you suggesting that it's always related to the revenue shortfall due to the items that you flagged, or is it also due to costs as well? Just kind of wondering the nature of those alignments, I'm sure the organization is maniacally focused on delivering their margin targets. So how do you get out of line? When did you learn about it and what are your levers as management to be able to ensure that they get back in line as we're heading into the important part of the year for your margin build?
Michael Roth: I thought I went through that in terms of my other answer but I'll briefly do it again. The 2.5% that we referred to is on the revenue side. And remember, what Frank said and what I just said is, if you look at our expenses, there was a large growth last year and a slower ramping up of the expenses last year. And then in the back half of the year, we started ramping up those expenses. So our comps for the rest of the year on the expense level, since we already spent and ramped up for this year will become easier. So the combination of the revenue side and the fact that our expense levels had leveled off, okay, maybe that's another way of looking at it. But for the rest of the year, we don't expect to see that type of mismatch between revenue and expenses.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Matt, to repeat what Michael said earlier, if you look at it sequentially, what happened to our salary line from Q1 to Q2, the increase was de minimis. And so it's not as if we hired a whole boatload of people in the second quarter that got us misaligned. And with respect to kind of when did we know, as we said earlier, the first 2 months of the quarter from the revenue perspective was strong. And June, which is the biggest month in the quarter, was weaker than we expected.
Michael Roth: Let me add to it the fact that obviously June was a bit of a surprise to us, okay. And so as you can tell, we've done a great deal of analysis into what happened here. So we have an explanation for it. We can explain it from a mathematical point of view. But the real issue is from a tone point of view, was it a dramatic falloff in our business. And the answer to that is, no. I mean, the tone of the business continues to be exactly as we stated. And I think that's the what we have to keep in mind. And you made the point that we're maniacal about watching the expenses. The answer to that is, yes, we are. And we make sure that as we go through the rest of the year, that what we just said in terms of the alignment in the expenses and the revenue coming to alignment as they should, and that's frankly what we're focused on.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: I think the obsession on this call from a margin perspective is that you kept the full year revenue guidance tacked at lower the top end of the margin. And I know looking a few years back, you saw some margin pressure on digital investments. So can you just talk longer term about your confidence level that you don't need further investment that may pressure the future margin opportunities that you referenced at the Analyst Day?
Michael Roth: Yes, it's a fair point. When we say 9.5% to 10%, it's a range. And that's how we look at it. I wish this business was as predictable so that we can model, help you with your models and tell you exactly how everything is going to flow in, but it just doesn't work that way. So we always have to deal with the range. That's why we gave you 4% to 5% on the revenue side. And when we say at least 9.5%, at least means at least. It could be more, it could be at least 9.5%. So it's a range, John, and we can't be specific in it. The point is that we have modeled out. We have new hires built into our modeling. We have staff level expectations from our units. And that all takes into consideration open positions, which include the ramping up, if you will, on the digital side and everything. But of course, hopefully, we'll have some new clients that we pick up, which we have to hire again. And it may cause us to ramp up a little bit on the expense side, but that's a good thing. What we're not going to do is ramp up expenses without matching revenue that it applies to. And I think that's when you have to get concerned. If we're increasing expenses without the expectation or the fact of revenue, then we're not managing our business correctly. And so if there is any additional hiring, we have a very tight lid on the hiring, there has to be a correlation on the revenue side for us to do those hires.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And then look, if we look back to past cycles, often times when we talk of the business getting pushed out, it tends to really to never fully come back. And so is the confidence and timing coming because of that's come or booked in July or what is the confidence there?
Michael Roth: It's both. We have some timing issues on contracts. We have some -- basically, we know that there are projects out there that have been pushed off from one part of the year to the second half of the year. So it's a combination of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to not ask about margins, so I'll ask, Frank, about your cash balance and has generally we should think about sort of new IPG now that you guys are ringing into a little bit in a better position and your free cash flow ramping nicely, I know you've given long-term free cash flow guidance. Cash moves around quarter-to-quarter a lot in your business, but is there a way for us to look at the cash balance and sort of think about where that should normalize to, now? Looking back at IPG over the last 3 years when you are carrying well above $2 billion typically. I'm thinking about it in the context of return to capital obviously, what the potential is there. So if you could talk about how you're funding the business, how you're thinking about that stuff, that'll be helpful.
Frank Mergenthaler: Ben, we're pleased at the rating agency actions we saw this quarter. So investment grade, you have 2 to 3 agencies, where we hope 1/3 to get there sooner rather then later, which helps in financial flexibility. We are pleased with the bank deal we did in the quarter, which again added financial flexibility. We've been relatively aggressive in our share buyback, and right now, we're going to execute against that plan. We expect free cash flow to continue the seasonal patterns that it has. So from a deployment of that cash, nothing has changed other than the scenario continues to improve.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Is there any relationship between the timing of free cash flow generation during the year and your buyback activity?
Frank Mergenthaler: No, we have a regimented program. And if we did, we do look at how our seasonal cash flows work, and that's built into the program that we've got in place currently.
Michael Roth: Yes, and put it in perspective, we always said we had excess cash on our balance sheet. And the question has been, what do we do with that excess cash? The fact that we were upgraded to investment grade, freed up and increased our facility to $1 billion. That freed up our flexibility to return cash to our shareholders. So it really wasn't specifically tied to any specific cash flow event. We've consistently said we had excess cash on our balance sheet.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then just, Michael, a couple of things that you probably can't comment on but I'll ask anyway. Any update on SC Johnson and anything, any comment whatsoever on just [ph] Media and now that, that business is a little bit smaller than it was before.
Michael Roth: We've always commented that would be an interesting addition to us, but the size of it and what it would add to us incrementally at this point is not exactly high on our radar in terms of use of our cash and our financial flexibility. And as far as SC Johnson, nothing new has changed since the last time we updated everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nathanson with Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Frank, we heard ANACOM talk about foreign exchange impact to margins. Can you talk a bit about if currency stays where it is -- or in this quarter, how much has foreign exchange impacted the year-over-year margin?
Frank Mergenthaler: For this quarter, Michael, it was about 20 basis points negative.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And for the rest of the year, you're assuming currencies stays where it is, so is that part of your, maybe, the reason of bringing down the range from 9.5%...
Frank Mergenthaler: It was not a large contributor to our thought process.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Second question will be, we've heard, or we've seen competitors buy into Brazil, get big in Latin America, I know we talked about this in the past, but I wonder if weakness in Latin America were made in positioning makes you think about doing more acquisitions, more digital acquisitions down there? So can you claim any of this, maybe an offering change or weakness in offering versus peer?
Michael Roth: No, absolutely not. We've always targeted Brazil as an area where we're going to be adding -- the CUBOCC and Washington Olivetto transaction were indication, were our investments in Brazil. And we have a couple of bolt-ons that we're dealing with in Brazil. So that hasn't changed. We're continuing to expand in Brazil, invest in Brazil in both people and agencies that we think are a good fit for us. So the fact that there was a decline had to do, as I indicated, with some timing on the revenue side and a particular client that expectations on the spend had changed.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: One for both of you guys, it's about visibility, and I just question, when you look at company and earnings, typically the last month of the quarter is when they have to smooth. So given the tone of conversations that you're getting now, I kind of wonder how relevant are tones about July versus tones in September? So can you talk a bit about how your own companies deal with quarterly moves on ad spent to kind of cushion their own earnings growth?
Michael Roth: Well, the days of smoothing earnings and setting up reserves and so on are -- I remember the good old days if you will, those days are pretty well behind us. Granted agencies like to lowball us in terms of the expectations. The visibility we have into our businesses now and the reporting, if you will, of the CFOs, into Frank and the meetings we have on a regular basis were operating units, it doesn't leave a lot of room for surprises in terms of smoothing or anything like that. Part of the tone, and granted, if you're managing a business, you like to have some comfort zone. And frankly, the operating of the meetings that we just had, we felt that the businesses were very confident in their numbers. And frankly, if that were true, they would've been less confident in our meetings. So that gives us the belief, as we stated, in our ability to meet our objectives.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Dix with Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Three questions, I think, relatively brief. First, is your outlook for the second half of the year fairly similar to what it was 3 months ago? And if not, how has it changed?
Michael Roth: Actually the outlook is similar to -- and that's when I talk about the tone of the business. So it hasn't changed other than everyone is still raising the question of if there's an implosion in the macroeconomic side of the world, then now would have an impact on our business. But absent that, yes, clients are demanding more for less. That's not new in our business. They're asking us to show that what we're doing is moving the needle. That's not new to our business. They want us to see all the new offerings. They want to make sure they're current in terms of the social media, in terms of the digital type of approach in the marketplace, whether they're spending their dollars in the right place, but that's all normal conversation. The good news is we're having those conversations. If you go back to the recession, we weren't having those conversations, everyone was in a standstill. So I say the tone supports, in fact, the tones does support what we're saying. And if there's a hiccup in the economy, that's what will affect our ability to deliver.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Okay, great. And I guess, a slight follow up to that, I think you mentioned in your opening remarks, Michael, that you were seeing some pickup in new business activity. Is there anything particular you can highlight for us, were your contention to pick up some material business? And would you say this level of new business activity now is kind of in line with what you would expect for this point in the cycle? Or is it maybe still running a little bit below what you might expect?
Michael Roth: I say the pipeline is pretty good. And the new business picture, there are number of new pictures out on the media side, which I referred to. Clearly, Mobil Exxon is the big one that's out there, and McCann is in the finals there. So we're hoping that, that one goes our way. We're in the pitch for BMW. And as I indicated, there are a couple of wins at McCann that we can't specifically announce yet but that's encouraging for us. So I'd say all the numbers we're talking about, this is a good indication why we're comfortable with the forecast.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Okay, Great. And then one last one, just generally in terms of salary increases that you feel you need to remain competitive with peers, are you seeing any move or pressure on the salary increases you feel you need to offer or is it kind of in line with what you've been expecting?
Michael Roth: We meet with our HR committee, and we have outside advisers working with us in terms of compensation. Every once in a while, there's a one-off when you're looking to hire a specific talent. And it's competitive in the marketplace and you have to sweeten the deal. But overall, our compensation levels are competitive. It's all factored into the numbers that we're referring to. So if there are sums of money set aside to bring in expertise on the digital side, clearly in the growth areas, that's built into our plan. And our managers manage to the margins. So if they have to pay more to bring in those types of expertise, they have to justify it on their margin objective.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Because I guess I was hearing from some peers they weren't seeing any particular pressure but they were kind of planning on low single-digit base salary increases.
Michael Roth: Yes. Our industry went through the recession and we held salaries. We didn't give out increases and so, and that's already built into the numbers. Yes, we did build in increases. We did get back to normal raises and things like that. But again, it's all part of how we manage to the margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Sorry to come back to this issue about the margins, and I know we shouldn't necessarily obsess about a single quarter number but if I can just .double check my understanding, you're saying, you expect the growth that you're talking about and you can manage margins to that, but your margin target, I assume is not assuming that your revenues if they were to fall below what you're saying that you could still meet that margin. Because in that case, I guess your severance expense would go up and things like that. So am I just understanding that right, your margin target is dependent on your revenue target?
Michael Roth: Well, yes. I mean whether it's specifically that target and whether we can make up any small shortfall, yes. But absent the revenue goal that we're talking about, it's hard to deliver on the margins. We have some tweaking room in between because there are levers as you point out, like incentive comp. We can take more severance and so on. But we only have 6 months left, no less than 6 months in the year. So it's hard to do that. I think the biggest lever there would be incentive expense. So to the extent we're short on the profitability, then you'll see a drop in our incentive expense commensurate with the miss, if you will. And by the way, that's another indication that we're comfortable with our full year target. I don't know whether I'm allowed to do this, but I'll do it anyhow. When you look at how you calculate your incentive expense, you assume what your incentive expense is going to be for the full year. If you notice for the first half, we haven't taken it down. So that's another indication that we're comfortable that we're going to indicate we're going to achieve our target. Otherwise, we would've taken down our incentive expense. So that's a nuance that's in there, but that's how the levers work.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Okay. I just want to make sure there's a little bit of wiggle room. I understand that there was. So that helps, thanks. Can I just ask one other little question, just housekeeping really, your tax rate is 30.5, I think, percent. What should we assume for the last 2 quarters of the year and ongoing? Because I guess, in a while you said it got you down in Q2, is that right?
Frank Mergenthaler: Right. In Q2, we settled some small items. So that drove that. I mean we actually got cash back. So we're still, for the full year, we have the 40% to 42% effective rate, still reasonable.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: You use that rate for the full year. Okay, got it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I'll go a little outlook into the M&A area and in particular emerging markets, there has been a lot of activity around the group lately, still mostly small things and I know you talked a bit about it's hard to buy things that are of size in the BRIC and other fast growing markets. But what are you seeing there? Is there any sort of change in your position there? I know pricing has been a challenge, but how are you looking at that as you continue to stabilize and improve the balance sheet?
Michael Roth: We have capital to spend. We've set aside $150 million for acquisition money. And as we went through our operating reviews just recently at the end of every meeting, we ask the groups to see what opportunities they have and whether they would like to see them beef up their organizations and bring those transactions. We've stepped up our own activity in terms of looking at specific transactions that we think are strategic to our overall plan. So we're in the market. We're bringing a couple of small deals that we hope to close in the next month or so, and in the emerging markets, in particular and of course all different disciplines. So we are active out there, but the pricing on them are very aggressive. And we've shown, for example, on the Digital side, we've grown R/GA, we've grown HUGE, we've grown MRM on a global expansion basis organically. And we feel that, that's a more effective way for us to grow those specific expertise without paying huge premiums to bring them into the fold. And we're doing the same thing with our networks. So for example, the Blue Barracuda transaction at Draftfcb in the UK is a good example. Here's a global network, they saw a great organization with good leadership that they've been working with, and so we allocated capital and we did that kind of transaction. So we're seeing that across the globe and particularly in the emerging markets.
Operator: At this time, there are no other questions.
Michael Roth: Okay, great. Well, thank you all. I know it's a confusing quarter. I hope we clarified a lot of the questions that you had. We are working hard, and hope you appreciate that we understand the business. We're managing towards our objectives, and we're comfortable that we will be able to deliver on that, and we thank you for all your participation.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael Roth - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Jerome Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Craig Huber -  William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Richard Tullo - Albert Fried & Company, LLC James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc. John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome Leshne: Thank you, and good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and will refer to both in the course of this call. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company, which are subject to uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation, and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning. We're pleased to report another quarter of strong revenue growth and operating profit improvement. First quarter revenue was up 10.3%, driven by an organic increase of 9.3%. As has been the case in recent quarters, a very broad cross section of our agencies contributed to this outstanding result. Our organic revenue performance speaks to the competitiveness of our offerings, particularly in the key growth areas that we outlined during our recent Investor Day presentations. That is to say, leading-edge digital capabilities, strong emerging market presence and the capacity to deliver highly integrated and accountable marketing solutions.  During the quarter, we saw a growth in all regions of the world, led by double-digit gains in Asia Pac and Lat Am and by high single-digit increases in the U.S. and U.K. We've previously indicated that we had not incorporated expectations of a significant recovery in Continental Europe into our plans for 2011. However, we did have some growth in that region during Q1. Turning to client sectors. We also saw a consistently positive performance. Tech and telecom, financial services, health and personal care, auto and transportation and food and beverage all posted double-digit growth in the quarter. Retail and packaged goods were relatively flat. At the agency level, all of our global networks grew organically with leadership in the quarter by Draftfcb, Mediabrands and Lowe. At CMG, our marketing service specialist grew 7.8% organically, led by Weber Shandwick and Golin, FutureBrand and Jack Morton. Our digital offerings were once again outstanding contributors to growth. We had very strong performance at McCanns MRM unit, R/GA and HUGE, as well as the strong digital capabilities within our media agencies, PR firms and U.S.-integrated independent agencies that you all saw on display at Investor Day. Our agencies continue to make good strides in developing their digital offerings and attracting top digital talent.  As we said in our last conference call, our expectations as we entered the year were for some sequential moderation from the very high growth rate in last year's fourth quarter. We were very pleased with Q1 top line momentum, as well as the tone of our business. Our Q1 seasonal operating loss was $45 million compared to a loss of $59 million a year ago, a 24% improvement. It's important to note that this was primarily a result of leverage on base payroll and occupancy expenses. Frank will have details in that in just a moment.  Earnings per share was a seasonal loss of $0.10, compared with a loss of $0.15 a year ago. As you are aware, the first quarter is our smallest quarter of the year by revenue, while expenses are more consistent across the year, so we typically have a loss in Q1. While this is expected, it's encouraging to see further improvement in our performance compared to 2010, which was also a year of strong improvement.  Before turning it over to Frank, there are a few macro issues that many of you have raised and which I would like to touch on briefly. First, the situation in Japan. Above all, our thoughts continue to be with all those affected by the devastating earthquake and tsunami. We've been spending a lot of time supporting our colleagues in Japan on both a personal and professional level, and will continue to do so. That's what matters most. Of course, we're now being asked what the impact of this tragedy might be on our business going forward. To provide some context, Japan represents 1.5% to 2% of our consolidated revenues. Understandably, we anticipate that we will see revenue decreases in the market for the balance of the year. As to possible supply and inventory disruptions, for example, in the auto and tech sectors, these will be difficult to forecast, but we have not seen any material budget adjustments to-date. And should they occur, we believe they would be more a matter of timing rather than permanent reductions.  Another macro issue that is causing concern has to do with the political and social developments in many parts of the Middle East and North Africa. Once again, we are in touch regularly with agency leadership, and our focus is on ensuring that our co-workers in that part of the world are safe and that we are doing everything possible to help them. Of course, the situation does raise questions about the impact the upheaval is having, economically and on consumer activity. To put this into perspective, the region is approximately 3% of our total revenue base. No single country is greater than 1%. While Q1 revenue growth overall was solid in the region, revenue is negatively expected in Egypt in light of these events. But while this is not yet a large region for us, conditions are understandably pressuring revenue for some time. Finally, a topic that's also been of significant interest is the potential of commodity price inflation to impact client budgets, particularly in the food and packaged goods sector. We have not seen marketing budgets rolled back as a result of input [ph] and oil cost inflation. Cost inflation has always been a part of client conversations throughout economic recovery, and will continue to do so. Those are the areas of concerns we are hearing and we are actively focused on managing through them. As you'll see in our results today, the strength of our business and our model is driving results and creating value. We have a well-diversified revenue base in terms of geographic regions and professional offerings. Our agencies are performing across the board, and we believe there is great opportunity for our industry to benefit from an increasingly fragmented media landscape. We also continue to demonstrate expense discipline so as to stay on the path we have defined to significantly increase levels of profitability. At this point let me hand things over to Frank for an in-depth look of our financial performance, and I'll come back with some closing remarks.
Frank Mergenthaler: Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, you'll see an overview of the quarter which tracks the points that Michael just made. Q1 revenue growth was strong in both the U.S. and international markets and across the entire agency portfolio. Our operating loss in the seasonally small first quarter improved from a year ago to $45 million from $59 million. We realized approximately 100 basis points of operating leverage on combined base payroll and temporary labor expense. We also reduced occupancy expense by 80 basis points of revenue, driving improved leverage on O&G expense. Going the other way, severance expense was elevated in the quarter compared to a year ago, 160 basis points of revenue this year compared with 80 basis points. We view this as an investment and continue to drive efficiency as well as identify and act upon opportunities to add talent, as well as reduce our expense base. We ended the quarter in a strong liquidity position that include $1.85 billion of cash in marketable securities on the balance sheet. This compares with $1.94 billion a year ago. The comparison includes having used approximately $480 million during the 12 months to pay down both debt and convertible preferred stock, and another $40 million in our new dividend and share repurchase programs.  Turning to Slide 3, you see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail on slides to follow. It's worth mentioning that other income and expense of negative $6 million reflects mainly a noncash loss on the disposition of a small agency in the quarter.  Turning to operations on Slide 4 beginning with revenue. Revenue in the quarter is $1.47 billion, an increase of 10.3%. Compared to Q1 2010, exchange rates added 1% and there was almost no impact from net acquisitions and dispositions. Our organic revenue change was an increase of 9.3%, a terrific result. Our strength was broad-based by region, client sector and agency. On the bottom half of this slide, you can see the revenue performance of our operating segments. At our Integrated Agency Networks, organic growth was 9.7%. Growth was driven by both U.S. and international markets and we were pleased to see contributions by all of our global agencies. At our CMG segment, revenue increased 7.8% on an organic basis, reflecting increases in both the U.S. and international markets. We were led by PR, branding and event marketing.  Moving on to Slide 5, which provides a look at revenue by region. In the U.S., the organic increase was 8.8% and was driven by broad participation across client sectors and disciplines. Leading client sectors were tech and telecom, health, personal care and financial services. Auto was also a solid contributor. We were led by Draftfcb, Mediabrands and Lowe and Partners. International organic growth was 10.2%. In the U.K., revenue increased 9.2% organically with a number of our agencies showing strong double-digit growth. In Continental Europe, the organic increase was 3.9%. While we continue to see mixed results by country, we are pleased with another quarter of sequential improvement. In Asia Pac, organic growth was 18.1% with India and China leading strong increases throughout the region. Organic growth in Lat Am was again outstanding at 13.6%, reflecting both the strength of the economy and our offerings in Brazil, notably McCann, Draftfcb and Lowe. Our other markets grew 11.6% organically, reflecting strong performance in South Africa, Canada and the Middle East.  On Slide 6, we chart the longer view of organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point at 9.7% now includes Q1 '11 and the roll-off of Q1 last year, 4 quarters of strong organic growth.  On Slide 7, we took a closer look at operating expenses. Again, Q1 is historically our smallest revenue quarter. Our operating loss was $45 million compared with $59 million a year ago, improvement of $14 million. Salaries and related expenses were 73.2% of revenue both this year and last. Total SRS was $1.08 billion compared with $979 million, an increase of 10.3% or 9.3% organically. Underneath that result, there were a number of moving pieces that reflect improved operating leverage but also increased investment in certain areas of our business. Base pay, benefits and tax was 60.5% of revenue compared with 61.9% a year ago, an improvement of 140 basis points. Headcount growth reflects disciplined investment to find areas of growth in the portfolio, such as Mediabrands, R/GA, HUGE and Public Relations, and regionally in Brazil, India and China. Across all of our agencies, we are adding digital talent. Headcount at quarter-end was 41,800, an increase of 4% from a year ago, and 1% over the first 3 months of the year. Severance expense was 1.6% of revenue compared with 80 basis points of revenue a year ago. Our Q1 headcount actions were focused in the U.S. and Europe and are designed to add new talent, as well as drive improved efficiency going forward. Incentive expense in the quarter was 4.4% of revenue compared with 4% a year ago. The increase was due to a few factors, namely the strong increase in our share price during the first quarter, which has an impact on our equity-based programs; and an extra month of expense this year due to the earlier grant date for the 2011 long-term incentive program. For the full year, we expect incentive expense to remain in the historical range of 3.5% to 4% of revenue. Temporary labor expense was 4.1% compared with 3.6% a year ago. All other salaries and related expense was 2.6% of revenue compared with 2.9% last year.  Turning to ops and general expenses on the lower half of the slide. O&G increased 5.4% compared to a revenue increase of 10.3%. O&G expense was $439 million or 29.8% of revenue compared with 31.2% a year ago. The comparison includes 80 basis points of improved leverage and occupancy expense due to both revenue growth and rent expense that remained fairly flat. On Slide 8, we show our adjusted operating margin history at a trailing 12 month basis, which was 8.5% as of the end of Q1. As we have said previously, our objective this year is 9.5% to 10%.  On Slide 9, we turn to cash flow for the quarter. Cash used in operations was a seasonal use of $801 million compared with $556 million in Q1 2010. Cash used in working capital is $736 million compared with $483 million a year ago. As a reminder, we typically use cash and working capital Q1 due to the seasonality of our business, while typically generating cash and working capital in Q4. In the fourth quarter of 2010, for example, we generated $639 million from working capital. Investing activities used $17 million. Financing activities used $45 million, including our initial dividend on common stock, $29 million and our first month of share repurchase activity in March, $11 million. The net decrease in cash and marketable securities in the quarter was $835 million, compared with $565 million in Q1 2010.  Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 10. We ended the quarter with $1.85 billion in cash and short-term marketable securities on the balance sheet compared with $1.95 billion a year ago, a decrease of approximately $90 million.  On Slide 11, you see our debt maturity schedule as of March 31. Total debt including our convertible notes is $1.7 billion, a decrease of $200 million from a year ago. The schedule shows $155 million due this year, most of which is short-term debt used locally for working capital purposes that typically remains outstanding. The smaller pieces are August 2011 maturity, of which only $36 million remains.  Looking ahead to 2012 and '13. It is also worth noting that the amount shown here are the first optional put and call dates of our convertible notes, rather than the maturity dates, which do not occur until 2023. The parity price per conversion is $12.42 per share. In summary on Slide 12, we are pleased with our revenue performance in the quarter. Our continued progress with costs and profitability means we are managing expenses carefully, even as we invest for growth and efficiency. This will allow us to continue to deliver on the marketing expansion and increase profitability that we believe are achievable going forward. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. Well, as you can see our performance in Q1 once again demonstrates the strength of our agencies, their people and their professional offerings. We saw vitality across many client sectors. We also continued to show that we're able to manage the business effectively and convert revenue gains into improved results. Competitive organic revenue is the best indicator that we are building a terrific talent base, and that our strategic decisions are paying off. Key developments in this area during the quarter include continued progress at McCann. The team there is off to a good start in 2011, particularly with their successful defense of the U.S. Army account. McCann's strong focus on delivering integrated marketing solutions is getting traction with existing multinational clients and the agency is active in the new business arena.  Draftfcb, was also a major contributor to our success in the quarter. The agency once again grew its revenue and delivered strong profitability. Their integrated model, which increasingly features digital and shopper marketing capabilities which are key in today's world of realtime marketing.  Mediabrands continued to deliver outstanding performance during the first quarter. We're very pleased with the leadership of all major units within the group. While the loss of our Microsoft engagement in North America was disappointing, we've subsequently seen Mediabrands re-sign major clients such as Sony to a 3-year commitment and win significant new assignments such as Hasbro.  Lowe made solid contributions to Q1 results and we're pleased with Lowe's performance and strategic direction. With their strength in key developing markets, especially Brazil and India, and with the progress they're making in developing a global activation capability, as well as partnering with HUGE in international markets. CMG turned in another strong performance across PR, branding and events. We continue to see a lot of new client activity across the marketing service portfolio. There's also a great deal of digital talent being on-boarded at all of our marketing services firms, and we believe this will lead to continue organic growth momentum at Weber Shandwick, GolinHarris, Jack Morton, FutureBrand and Octagon.  Among the digital specialty agencies, R/GA, HUGE and McCann's MRM posted outstanding results. Performance at the integrated U.S. independence was also strong, led by terrific brands, such as the Martin Agency, Hill Holliday and Mullen.  In closing, we are pleased with strong Q1 performance, and our long-term view of the opportunity for Interpublic remains unchanged. We continue to operate in a global growth industry. What is more, in a world driven by digital convergence and accelerating technology, the role of marketing will grow. As many of you have heard me say, complexity is good for us because clients need expert guidance and higher-value thinking more than ever before.  The key drivers of success and value going forward are going to be digital expertise, strength in emerging markets and seamless delivery on increasingly accountable integrated solutions. The strategic decisions we've taken and the investments we made in recent years position us well for this new reality. We've also consistently shown that we have the ability to effectively manage the business and have put ourselves in the path to competitive operating performance from a margin perspective, while also returning capital to our shareholders. We're aware that we have more difficult comparisons ahead as we move through the year, which will make it challenging to sustain the very high growth rates we've reported over the last 12 months. Nonetheless, based on discussions with key clients, it's clear that market has continued to look to us to help them grow. This gives us a greater confidence that we can deliver on our 2011 targets, a 4% to 5% organic revenue growth and 9.5% to 10% operating margin for the full year, and continue to deliver on our commitment to increase shareholder value. With that, I'd like to open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Thank you. Can you give us a little bit of color of how McCann performed in the quarter? And secondly, you mentioned that you haven't really seen any impact from rising commodity prices in terms of your concerns going forward or at least in the quarter, yet the packaged goods sector didn't see quite the robust growth than some of your other verticals did. Maybe you can talk a bit about maybe what's driving the relatively softer performance in the packaged goods category for you guys.
Frank Mergenthaler: Well, let me answer the packaged goods first. As you know, packaged goods -- the comparisons from year-to-year are different because packaged goods, as you know, even during a difficult period continue to perform reasonably well in terms of growth. Also in particular in the packaged goods, we had a timing issue in Latin America concerning revenue recognition, and that contributed to the -- what seems to be a disappointing result. It's a small amount, Alexia, but it did distort that number a bit, and we should see that positive going forward. McCann is really excited and engaged, particularly with respect to the work that they're doing with their multinational clients. Their results for the quarter, as we said, were positive. They're on track in terms of the repositioning of themselves in the marketplace. They've added a lot of new talent. We're excited about what they're doing, and the client's reaction to the new talent has been very solid. So we're looking forward to seeing the continue in improvement at McCann from a revenue point of view, from an expense point of view and more importantly, from a new business opportunity. I think the fact that we retained the army was a good example of how we're positioned, and how even on the competitive environment that they're in, they have the ability to bring in the integrated marketing capabilities with world-class talent. As far as the commodity, I think I answered it on the packaged goods side. We haven't seen it yet. Obviously, the continued focus on our pricing is consistent that we've always seen. It's difficult. We have to show that the work that we're doing provides ROI, which is why we've invested so much in analytics and the capability to show that we're moving the needle. And we're encouraged by what we're seeing going forward.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then, Michael, on the comments on Continental Europe where you saw some nice growth and they were probably unexpected. Can you give us a bit of color on maybe your top markets there, Germany, France? How they performed and sort of what was working, what wasn't?
Michael Roth: Yes, France -- U.K., France are performing well. Germany, we had a slight reduction, if you will, in the growth. And that had to do with some client reassignments. But as we indicated, it's performing a little better than we thought they were going to do. We're not raising any big flags on the overall recovery. But it's encouraging to see positive results. What's nice in the U.K. is if you recall, previously we saw some positive results in the U.K. particularly from events. This time, we're seeing it across the board in terms of our offerings in the U.K. So it wasn't just one specific transaction that gave rise to the improvement.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And just last question maybe for Frank, any guidance to how we should we think of severance going forward for the rest of the year?
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, Alexia, we usually point out 1% of revenue is a reasonable estimate. Right now, we ran a little ahead of that in the first quarter, but 1% is probably still a good number. But as you've seen in the last couple of years with us, it's -- we'll be very aggressive on the severance fronts. We think those actions are needed for long term sustainability of the business.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Janedis from UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Can you -- just going back to the retail and packaged goods categories, were there any account-specific losses in those verticals? And is there any anecdotal evidence that they could maybe be leading indicators of your broader client base in terms of spend?
Frank Mergenthaler: No, we didn't have any big account losses in either of those verticals. You all know, Wal-Mart is obviously part of our retail sector and they have been doing some repositioning, as you may know, in the marketplace. And that had some effect on that.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And then just back to the U.K., Michael. There's obviously been a lot of mixed signals on the economy there in consumer confidence but clearly hasn't seen to have had an impact on your business, what are you hearing in the market? And does the outlook you have there changed at all post the March quarter?
Michael Roth: Yes, we're still cautious about it. Obviously, we were pleased with the positive results. We've added some new talent particularly, we have new leadership in McCann and the region. We have the Delaney Lund acquisition with Lowe and Draftfcb had some new talent there as well. So we've had a lot of new people and talent and we're seeing some traction there. As I said -- with that said, we're very cautious about it, but it was encouraging to see the positive results in the first quarter.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And just maybe just one quick one for, Frank. Frank, is there any kind of target for the buyback, at least for the second quarter? I mean, should we look at that 11-or-so million and triple that to give you like a quarterly number or no?
Frank Mergenthaler: John, we're into the program one month. The way we work it is, we have daily and weekly targets. Those targets are tied to our cash flow projections. Q1 is our weakest cash flow quarter, so you can expect as cash flow generation increases, we'll be more aggressive on our buyback.
Michael Roth: I think the key to know about the share buyback is that, we announced that we're authorized to implement a program, we're committed to making that program work and return capital to our shareholders, as we said. And we'll do it in a thoughtful and effective way and that's the way well move forward. The fact that -- as Frank said, we are only in it one month, so that should not be an indication of anything other than we started.
Operator: And next is William Bird with Lazard.
William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Yes, just 2 questions. On organic growth, it looks like you came in nearly 2 points above your peers. I was just wondering if there's anything anomalous or temporary that might be driving growth higher. And then second, I was wondering if you can just talk a little about utilization? How's it trending? Can you relate to the 50 bps rise in temp helps of revenues? Thank you.
Michael Roth: Well, I think the organic increase is an indication, as I said, of our strong offerings and our performance of our agencies. Our comp is a little bit different than some of our competitors, but that doesn't take away from the fact that we had very strong organic performance, and it's a result across the board, as I said, of our sectors, as well as our agencies.
Frank Mergenthaler: And with respect to utilization, Bill, I'll just comment on overall margin target. The margin targets that we put out were predicated on our budget. When we look at the first quarter, our performance was at or better than budget across the board for the most part. So we still feel pretty confident in our 2011 margin targets.
William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: And just specifically on temp help. I was wondering what drove that increase and if that's something you expect to be sustained?
Michael Roth: Well we look at base and temp together, and the 2 combined had fairly dramatic improvement in operating leverage for the quarter. So again, it's an area that we're 4-plus to revenue in the quarter, which is high. It's an area that our operators need to continue to focus on, so we think that [indiscernible] needs to be below 4% but a lot of it is tied to just increased business activity.
William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: And can you just clarify what you're saying on incentives comp? You were clear in indicating it'll come down as a percent of revs, was there some kind of timing issue, something that pulled forward a little bit?
Frank Mergenthaler: It was -- the first quarter was pretty much in line with what we expected. And there's 2 components of it. One is for efficiency and cost reduction. There's also a component for utilizing and being opportunistic in bringing in new talent. But we still think a 1% of revenue is probably a reasonable number for the year. Couldn't it be a bit higher? It could, but I don't think it's going to be -- I don't think it's going to be higher than that.
Michael Roth: Yes, on the incentive side, we did have some timing issues in the first quarter because of our long-term incentive was pushed forward a month. And obviously, our share price appreciation affected that number as well. So on the incentive side, we're using 3.5% to 4% for the full-year basis even though the first quarter was like 4.4% or something like that.
Operator: And next is Dan Salmon from BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I'm just going to move away from the quarter and something that brought up at the Analyst Day and just would like to get your thoughts on going forward, and that's performance-based pricing, which was talked about a great deal by Mediabrands. And I'm interested to hear about how you view that model, differentiating IPG in the market. And also the potential of seeing it at some of the other agencies particularly McCann where obviously, the new management team has a history at Mediabrands.
Michael Roth: Yes, and I read your comment in your note and you raised it there. And thank you for that. Look, we still think that's the opportunity. And we spoke a lot about it in Mediabrands, because Mediabrands is that -- their business lends itself to performance-based compensation a lot easier. And frankly, our clients in that arena seem to be embracing it better. All I'm saying is that, we continue to push for it. Obviously, Mediabrands, its an important part of how they view their strategic advantage, if you will, going forward, in terms of willing to put the skin in the game and assume performance-based compensation will be better for us as we go forward. But I think long-term, I think performance-based compensation is going to be the way to go for our industry. I think it puts us in a very solid position with respect to our clients. And the key there is going to be making sure that we have the analytics that are satisfactory to both the client as well as us in terms of the measurements. So we haven't seen all of a sudden since Investor Day a rash of performance-based compensation contracts. But it continues to be an important focus on -- in our negotiations with our clients as we move forward, because I think it's a very effective way for us to get to the margins that I think this industry should be operating in.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And from the sounds of it, that's -- you mentioned that Mediabrands lends itself particularly well there. But do you expect to see that becoming a bigger part of some of the other agencies as well?
Michael Roth: Yes, we already have an incentive comp performance in our contracts. And of course at Draftfcb, behavioral-based marketing is in their DNA. So their model lends itself to performance-based compensation as well. So yes, I don't think it's going to be unique to the media offerings. I believe it's going to be throughout and obviously, McCann has spent a fair amount of investment in the analytics as part of their integrated offering, particular with the multinational clients that they're dealing with. So I viewed that as an important component of our margin improvement going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from James Dix with Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: I guess 3 questions. First, you had very strong international growth in the quarter, well above what I was expecting on, and I think what others were expecting on. You touched, Michael, on a couple key geographic trouble spots, I guess, going forward. If you can give any color on the other areas and whether we should be looking for any material changes in the strong growth outlook that you saw in 1Q in some of those other areas, such as in the Asia Pacific or Latin America? And then I guess, secondly, I suppose maybe more for Frank, do you see any differences in incremental margin, either by geography or by discipline, that we should be thinking about just as we think about your progression towards that 9.5% to 10% goal for the year? For example, is international growth, does that help you more towards your potential target or is that more of a red hen [ph]? And then I have just one follow up.
Michael Roth: Sure, on the -- obviously, we're excited about what's happening in Latin America, China and India. We have very strong offerings across all our multinational clients there, as well as local. So particularly in Brazil, we have a strong offering obviously, the transaction that we did at McCann with W [ph] already is very effective and we're very pleased with the results of that. Draftfcb and Lowe both had very strong offerings as well as Weber Shandwick and our other marketing services. So Latin America performed extremely well. Not quite the 40% growth that we saw last year but obviously, the comp was a lot different. But nonetheless, it was strong double-digit and we expect to see continued growth in Latin America. The same is true for India. We think India is a very important component of our growth plans. And there, too, we have a very strong media offering, as well as our multinational clients and agencies that are present there, Draftfcb, McCann and Lowe. And China, we're seeing strong performance. We view China as an opportunity for us, as I said before, we're a little bit behind our competition in terms of our presence in China, but we've made -- we're making a strong effort to increase our presence in China and our expectation is to continue that increase and follow the strong performance that were seeing over there. On the margin, Frank?
Frank Mergenthaler: James, there's nothing in the revenue mix in Q1 or our view for the back half of the year that changes our view that 30% conversion on incremental revenue is still a reasonable number.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Okay, great. And then just one follow up. You talked a little bit about Mediabrands and their compensation structure. Could you talk just a little bit about the growth you're seeing in media buying and planning, generally? Some of your peers have talked about some pretty strong growth. I presume you're seeing that at Mediabrands, but if you could confirm that. And then, just what is your outlook for that -- that discipline going forward this year, especially as the ad recovery continues?
Michael Roth: Well, as we indicated, Mediabrands both -- all the components Mediabrands initiatives, as well as UM had a very strong first quarter. Buying, you have to split buying from planning. Obviously buying is a more difficult market to enhance margins but it's part of the integrated offering in media, and therefore planning is that much more important. We're very pleased, as you know, we've repositioned our offerings in Mediabrands on regions where we could compete so that we can bring all the offerings in Mediabrands to bear with respect to our client offerings. And that's having good traction in the marketplace. We view our media offerings under the umbrella of Mediabrands as a critical component of our growth opportunity in our margin opportunity to actually go forward.
Operator: And next is Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Thanks. I have 3 things, please. First on revenues, we've talked about this issue of comps a few times now already in this call. And your peers have also, similar to you, said that they're quite optimistic on the pace of organic growth for the bulk of the year. But your comp shift into Q2 is very dramatic versus Q1. You were minus 3 in Q1 last year and you were plus 8.5 in Q2. So just to apply the same type of growth rate from Q1 this year into Q2, it would mean you'd be down 1% in Q2 and yet, you're talking a very positive story. I just wonder if there's incremental spending from clients coming through that's going to fill in Q2 or what is it that makes you that optimistic that the numbers will stay high? And this isn't just you, it's your peers all saying the same thing, but it's a starker contrast for you from Q1 into Q2. Second, question is, the working capital figure that you pointed to, and I noticed quite a sharp downturn there in the Q1 number versus Q1 last year. I know Q1 is always seasonally low on that. But I just wonder what was driving the figure this year versus last year? And then lastly, if you could please talk about net new business, even if you won't give a number of what the trend is and what accounts we need to be aware of there in play. Thanks.
Michael Roth: Okay. I'll take 2 of them, and I'll give the working capital to Frank. Q1 versus Q2. Look, we don't look at it -- I know you have to model, and you have to expect on a quarterly basis. We look at it as it's on a year basis. And that's why, when we say, we're comfortable with the 4% to 5% organic growth for the year, it takes into consideration the lumpiness, if you will, of how its spread on a quarterly basis. So whether it comes through on the second quarter, or the third quarter, we think that number -- we're comfortable with that number, and obviously, starting where we are in the first quarter is encouraging for us going forward. The tone of our business -- another way of answering your question is the tone of our business continues to be very solid. So therefore, going into the second quarter, there's no reason for us to believe that there is any reason for us not to be able to deliver on what we're saying. And how it falls out on a quarterly basis, we'll see. Okay? As far as net new business, the one item -- we've had 3 items, 3 companies in review that everyone was watching. One was Microsoft. We know the results for that, in terms of retaining some of the business in losing the North American site. The Army, McCann retained the Army and the other one is S.C. Johnson, which as you know, we're defending. And we hope to see results probably either the second quarter or early part of third quarter. So in terms of net new business, we should see the impact of the Microsoft loss affecting us in the second half of the year. And as far as the rest goes there are a couple of other pitches out there that we're in the finals on. And we hope could be successful in those. On the working capital, Frank?
Frank Mergenthaler: With respect to working capital, Tim, the significant use in Q1 is attributable to the significant generation in Q4. They're directly correlated. When you take a look at Q1 cash used as a percentage of Q4 cash generated, it's right in line with what we normally would have expected.
Operator: And our next question comes from Peter Stabler from Wells Fargo Security.
Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse: Michael, you mentioned at the Investor Day, complexity and confusion being a friend. You brought it up again today. I'm wondering if you could step back and just elaborate a little bit on that? I tend to agree in my conversations with agencies and clients that this is an ongoing trend. Help us understand whether this is a positive trend. Can we enter a period of greater secular growth, even if it's marginally greater than we saw over the last, let's say, decade on a normalized basis? Is increasing complexity and confusion leading to an increase in activity and creation of assets by your agencies? Or is it just more of a market condition that you can't really quantify or address, in terms of growth targets, et cetera? Thanks very much.
Michael Roth: I think it's a fair question, and yes, I've said it a few times. No, I think it adds to growth, in terms of our opportunities. Just look at what's happened with social media, okay? You get an entire new market that opens up. Clients that are hearing a lot about it at cocktail parties. That's all they talk about. The CEOs attend the cocktail party and they all come back and saying, " What are we doing about social media?" And we -- what we have to do is be ahead of the curve, in terms of investing in assets and having people who can answer those questions for our clients as part of the integrated offering that we're providing. So we have whole new areas of expertise. And what's great about in social media, for example, it crosses all of our disciplines. So certainly our integrated offerings, in terms of our networks, have social media capabilities. Our independent agencies have social media capabilities. And our PR agencies are where you would logically think social media plays a very important role is a very important growth opportunity. And in fact, they're delivering on it in terms of their results. So that's just one example. The other part of it is, our clients have to figure out where do they spend their marketing dollars. And that's where our expertise comes into play. We have to be able to look at a total solution for our clients in terms of where they spend their dollars, where do they get the best bang for the buck. And it's incumbent upon us to have the expertise to help them do that, to analyze the effect of that. And basically, ultimately, our compensation on the performance of that will be decided. So I think it is a pretty exciting place for us to be as these new media opportunities and these new areas grow. If we're ahead of the curve or participate in that, every time we were asked to be in front of our client, it's an opportunity for show -- telling them and showing them our expertise and how we can help them move the needle. So it's incumbent upon us to be ready, willing and able to help them and be ahead of the curve and for them to ask. And because it's so confusing, it's impossible for all of our clients to have that kind of expertise internally. So I think it's a huge opportunity for our industry.
Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse: I've got a quick one for Frank. Could you tell us year-over-year headcount changes in terms of gross bodies? And then could you remind me the event marketing pass-through costs, where do the -- what line do [indiscernible] up in?
Frank Mergenthaler: The headcount change, Peter, it's 4% year-over-year, 1% for the quarter. So we had 1% over the last 3 months. And on the pass-through costs go through the O&G bucket. And the year-on-year pass-through cost change is de minimis.
Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse: Where in O&G?
Frank Mergenthaler: Other.
Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse: Other. Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Chesler with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: Good morning. As I look at your historical results, it's now been 4 quarters in which you've grown faster than the rest of your peers. So admittedly though, you're predicting that sustainability of the ad market strength is getting more complex. But what do you think is preventing or holding back the ratings agencies for taking a more constructive view?
Michael Roth: We'd like to know the answer to that too, by the way. It's our view that we should be already there. We've always answered this question. We have meetings -- we've had meetings and we have meetings coming up. And obviously, they have -- Accenture already has us as investment grade, the other two have us on now for positive. They're waiting to seek, as you point out, consistency. We already show fourth quarter. I would suspect that they'll look to see how we perform for this year. And I don't think they have to, but they may. And hopefully, after they see a strong performance for the year, we'll see action on their part. But frankly, I agree with you. I think all of us agree with you. We've had 4 good solid results. We've shown our ability to manage our business. Certainly, from a competitive point of view, our organic growth shows we're competitive. We've shown the ability to leverage the revenue and convert. And our balance sheet is as strong as it's ever been. And so I don't see frankly, any reason why they shouldn't. And we'll continue to push them to see it the same way.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: So you're saying it might be premature to expect that 4 quarters is enough or what -- the trajectory is enough right now?
Michael Roth: Matt, probably at best case, an upgrade the end of this year, more likely. Yes, there could be an interim move between where we are now and investment grades because there still is one more notch. But we'd expect if we deliver on our current targets that, that early in next year would probably more reasonable time run.
Frank Mergenthaler: I also suspect the rating -- the rating agencies in the past have had issues on timing things. And with the uncertainty in the global environment right now, they may use that as a reason to hold back as well. So it's not up to us. We can make the case. We certainly strongly believe that we should be there, and I think in time -- at the appropriate time, they'll take the action. But nonetheless, I think the way to look at us as a rating perspective is where we think where we already are there and therefore, our performance, and frankly, our pricing should reflect that.
Michael Roth: They were all at the Investor Day. The feedback was very positive. In fact, S&P gave us CreditWatch positive coming out of that meeting. So all things are pointing the right direction. Its to Michael's point, it's probably just -- it's more a matter of timing and internal process.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: So if we were to assume that it's just a matter of timing -- I've always viewed your cash balance. Your balance sheet is including some -- I don't know if it's insurance cash or cash that you need to hold because you don't have access to the commercial paper markets the way that you would. Let's just presume that you get the ratings upgrade, and you can access the commercial paper balance, what do you think that does to the amount of cash that you think you need to hold on the balance sheet?
Michael Roth: Well, obviously, that financial flexibility helps us do a whole bunch of things. And obviously, we're looking at all of that. Again, one question that will follow from that, do we see any huge acquisitions out there that we would leverage up to do? And frankly, we haven't seen any. We're not missing any huge offerings, if you will. We continue to do -- I'll answer one of the questions I'm sure one of you have, in terms of what we see in the acquisition environment. And we put out the $150 million number as a stake in the ground, and we continue to see some transactions. We'll announce a couple of small specialty transactions coming up, as we said we would. But we'll be opportunistic on the acquisitions side in the digital and the emerging markets. The rest is just financial modeling and financial opportunities for us. And the more that you have in flexibility, the more things we can do. Commercial paper, obviously, would be helpful. And that would enable us to free up some excess cash that's on the balance sheet. I think we've shown that we are willing -- I think the announcement of the dividend and the share buyback is a good example of how we view our responsibility to our shareholders is if we have too much cash on our balance sheet is to return it in a thoughtful way. So as our financial flexibility expands, then we will continue to look at how the best way to enhance our shareholder value.
Operator: Your next is Craig Uber with Access 342.
Craig Huber - : A housekeeping question, first. On foreign exchange, given that you guys are in about 100 countries around the world. If rates stay where they're at right now for the rest of the year, how would you expect foreign currency impact your numbers for the second quarter and also for the full year?
Michael Roth: For the full year, relatively flat. I'm not at position to give you that Q2 number right now, Craig.
Craig Huber - : Okay, and then also just, can you elaborate further on one of your comments on Continental Europe in the year? Your organic growth there the last 2 quarters, I guess, is between 2% to 4%. I mean given the various cross-currents, small markets there versus large, proximity to the Middle East, et cetera, slower economies, do you think that's a decent expectation to 4% organic growth in Continental Europe for you guys in the next 3 quarters?
Michael Roth: At the beginning of the year, I would have thought that would be on the high side, to be honest with you. I think given the results in the first quarter, probably 2% is a number that would be if we deliver that 2% to 4%, I think that would be a good year. And I'm encouraged to see that, but again, that one is very hard to predict. There are a lot of things that are going on there. We're just encouraged by what we've seen in the first quarter. And ask the question again in the second quarter, I'll have a better answer for you.
Craig Huber - : Okay, then also, your auto category, just generally speaking. How did that perform revenue-wise organic growth year-over-year in the quarter? And what are those clients generally telling you about you the outlook for their auto market advertising spend for the rest of the year?
Michael Roth: Yes, our auto category -- what's encouraging about our auto category is it continues to be very positive. It's in the -- the growth is in double-digit numbers. And it's a number of auto clients that are contributing. As you know, we had some new clients last year, and that's contributing to our growth. And we continue to see the spend there. So we're encouraged by what we're seeing. We haven't seen any big pullbacks as a result of supply issues with respect to production. And we expect to see that to continue. It's a very competitive environment out there. And they have to spend marketing dollars to sell cars.
Operator: And our last question comes from Richard Tullo with Albert Fried.
Richard Tullo - Albert Fried & Company, LLC: 10% revenue growth, very solid, absolute, relative basis as you alluded to before. During the quarter, the several new account wins: Hasbro and Sony. Would you say that the performance-based marketing contributed to those wins in some shape or form? And are these performance-based accounts?
Michael Roth: I won't comment on how we structure our compensation by client. And I would say, you don't get the compensation unless you get to the finals and you're pretty well there. So I wouldn't say that compensation -- performance-based compensation is the reason for a win, but it certainly helps in narrowing any gap there might be, in terms of expectation on pricing. But unless we have the offering from a professional point of view, no matter what you're pricing is going to be, you're not going to -- you're not going to win the business. So our approach is, put together the best team you can with the best offering you have, get to the finals and then start talking about compensation. And if you need to bridge the gap and if performance-based compensation does that, we're there.
Richard Tullo - Albert Fried & Company, LLC: Okay, and in regards to Asia-Pacific, and specifically Japan. How is that market going? Are we having discussions about reduced spends? Or are they holding tight? What is the status at this point in time?
Michael Roth: Well as I indicated, frankly, we had a positive quarter in the first quarter in Japan. But unfortunately because of the events, there's no doubt that, that's going to be pulled back for the rest of the year. There are 2 components. There's the local spending and then there's the multinational spending within Japan. And we participate in both. I think the one that will be most adversely affected would be the local spend. And therefore, we're not projecting any growth in Japan. And as far as the multinational spend, we're watching that carefully, but we still see spend in those markets.
Richard Tullo - Albert Fried & Company, LLC: And in regards to Facebook. If you were to sell that stake at some point this year, are you more inclined to return the proceeds to shareholders, pay back, buy back debt? Or make acquisitions or a little bit of all?
Michael Roth: We don't look at our programs on a discreet basis. We'll look at our overall balance sheet. We'll look at our available cash, and we'll look at the best way to enhance shareholder value. And if it means increasing the dividend or buyback or doing something else, we will do it. But you can be assured that we're looking at the best way to enhance shareholder value because that's what our responsibilities are.
Richard Tullo - Albert Fried & Company, LLC: And just as a follow-up with Frank. Is it safe to assume that $30 million to $40 million in a normal cash flow environment would be kind of a run rate on the buyback program?
Frank Mergenthaler: We announced, Richard, that the buyback program approved by our board was $300 million. And we didn't put a timeline on when we would execute the complete program. As I indicated in my comments earlier, we set daily and weekly targets, predicated on cash flow projections. Q1 is normally our weakest cash flow quarter. As cash flow generation increases, as it seasonally normally does, you can expect to see more aggressive with respect to that program.
Michael Roth: Well, thank you, all, for participating. We're encouraged and excited about our results for the first quarter. And as I said, the tone of the business is positive, and we look forward to our next call with you. Thank you very much.
Operator: And thank you for your participation in today's call. Please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael Roth - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Jerome Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Craig Huber -  Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc. John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company, which are subject to uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and in the slide presentation, and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you, all for joining us this morning. I'll begin by covering the highlights of our performance, as well as the share repurchase program and quarterly dividend that we are pleased to announce today. Frank will then take us through the financial results in detail, and I'll close with some additional color about what's taking place in our agencies and the tone of the business. As always, we'll make sure we leave plenty of time for Q&A. Well, as you can see, we recently completed a very strong year. Coming off a brutal recession, we entered 2010 uncertain as to the strength of the recovery and therefore focused on managing our costs. As the year unfolded, the economy stabilized and began to improve. And we were able to capitalize on these changes in the macro-environment to achieve strong growth in revenue and profits, which was apparent in Q4 and for the full year. 2010 was significant in that we put our company back on the track of competitive organic revenue growth and margin expansion that we had established before the recession hit the marketing services sector in 2009. For the year, organic revenue growth was 7% towards the top end of our peer group. Operating margin of 8.4% represented a significant recovery of 270 basis points compared to 2009. Looking more closely at the quarter, it's clear that the business ended the year on a strong note. Revenue increased 11.7% and 11.2% organically. As in all previous quarters of 2010, contributions to our growth came from the extremely broad range of the portfolio. Regionally, U.S. organic revenue growth was 13.1%. We saw a double-digit growth in the U.K., as well as in key emerging markets, such as India, China and Brazil. Looking at client sectors, almost all verticals posted double-digit growth during the fourth quarter, including auto, financial services, packaged goods, health and personal care, food and beverage and tech and telecom. The retail sector posted solid growth on top of a very strong Q4 '09. At the agency level, we had strong organic growth at all of our global networks. Marketing services performed very well, and our digital offerings and integrated U.S. independence continued to make significant contributions with outstanding performance during the quarter. This growth reflects the improved economic climate and growing confidence on the part of the marketers compared to a year ago. It's also a direct result of the investments weve made during the past year in talent, especially in developing markets and emerging media, as well as the strategic actions that we've taken to strengthen and reposition a number of our key agency brands. Q4 operating income was $331 million, an increase of 23% compared to a year ago. Operating margin was 16.4% compared to 14.9% in Q4 '09. Turning to EPS, earnings per diluted share for the quarter was $0.36, up from $0.24 in the comparable period last year, and for the full year, earnings per diluted share were $0.47, more than double the 2009 EPS of $0.19. Over the course of 2010, we continued to reduce debt, improve cash flow and greatly add to our company's overall financial strength. As a result, in addition to the strong operating performance that we are announcing today, we are very pleased to inform you that our Board of Directors has approved two important measures to further enhance shareholder value. First, our board has declared a cash dividend on our common stock in the amount of $0.06 per share, payable on March 25 to holders of record at the close of business on March 11. We expect to continue with this dividend on a quarterly basis. Second, our board has authorized the common share repurchase program of up to $300 million, which will go into effect immediately. These programs will not prevent us from investing in the many growth areas that are required to continue providing leading-edge solutions to our clients. They do however, represent significant milestones for our company, which demonstrate the great progress we've made in recent years and our confidence that we can continue to build on this success. At this point, I'll turn things over to Frank for an in-depth look at our financial performance.
Frank Mergenthaler: Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, you'll see an overview of the quarter and the year. Q4 revenue growth was strong in both the U.S. and the international markets. During the fourth quarter, operating profit increased 23% year-over-year. We realized 190 basis points of operating leverage on combined base payroll and temporary labor expenses. We also reduced occupancy expense by 120 basis points of revenue. With improved performance, incentive compensation increased 60 basis points as a percentage of revenue compared to a year ago. We also took strategic headcount actions in Q4 that resulted in a somewhat elevated severance expense of $55 million, below the level of last year, but higher than our quarterly run rate for the first nine months.  Severance expense was 2.7% of revenues in the quarter, compared to our 1% run rate over the first nine months of the year, which is a reasonable annual estimate going forward. This is an investment to continue to drive efficiency, as we identify and act on opportunities to reduce our expense base. We ended the quarter and the year with $2.69 billion of cash and marketable securities on the balance sheet, an increase of $183 million from a year ago. That comparison includes having used approximately $480 million during the year to pay down debt and redeem convertible preferred stock. Full year operating cash flow was $817 million compared with $541 million a year ago. Turning to Slide 3, you see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow.  Turning to operations in more detail in Slide 4 beginning with revenue. Revenue in the quarter was $2.01 billion, an increase of 11.7%. Compared to Q4 '09, there was almost no impact from exchange rates, while net acquisitions contributed 50 basis points. Our organic revenue change was an increase of 11.2%, a terrific result due to growth from existing clients, as well as new business wins across all of our disciplines. Regionally, we had double-digit organic growth in North America, Lat Am, the U.K., China and India. As Michael mentioned, our gains in the quarter were broadly distributed across client sectors. On the bottom half of the slide, you can see the revenue performance of our operating segments. At our integrated agency networks, Q4 organic growth was 10.1%. We were pleased with performance in both the U.S. and international markets, and to see contributions by all of our global agencies. At our CMG segment, revenue increased 18.5% on an organic basis, reflecting double-digit advances in both the U.S. and internationally. We had growth across the board in all the principle operating units and disciplines, led by our events business. It's worth pointing out, as we have in the past, in connection with strong growth in events, our increase includes higher pass-through revenues that are offset dollar-for-dollar in direct expenses, which are reflected in our office and general expenses. Moving on to Slide 5, which provides a look at revenue by region. In the U.S., the organic increase of 13.1% was driven by broad participation across client sectors and disciplines. We were led by Mediabrands, Draftfcb, Jack Morton and Mullen. International organic growth was 9.4%. In the U.K., revenue increased 16.7% organically, led by our marketing service specialist agencies and notably, our events business. In Continental Europe, the increase was 2%. We saw mixed results by country, with growth in France and Germany, but decreases in Italy and Spain. The markets at the center of sovereign debt concerns remain weak, though we did not see any incremental softening during the quarter. In Asia Pac, organic growth was 7.5%, led by China and India, which was tempered by slower growth in Japan, where we have a significant presence. Organic growth in Lat Am was again outstanding at 20.1%, reflecting the strength of all of our global agency networks in every key market in that region led by Brazil. Our other markets grew 13.2% organically, reflecting strong performance in South Africa, Canada and the Middle East. On Slide 6, we chart the longer view of organic revenue change in a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is 7%, which reflects our growth for all of 2010. On Slide 7, we took a closer look at operating expenses. Q4 operating margin was 16.4% compared with 14.9% a year ago, an improvement of 150 basis points. Salaries and related expenses decreased to 56.6% of revenue from 58.4% in Q4 '09, an improvement of 180 basis points. The total SRS was $1.14 billion compared with $1.05 billion, an increase of 8.2%. Underneath that result, there were a number of moving pieces that reflect improved operating leverage as well as increased investment in certain areas of our business. Base pay, benefits and tax was 42.8% of revenue compared with 45% a year ago, an improvement of 220 basis points. For the full year, our base pay ratio improved 340 basis points. We continue to invest finding [ph] (28:29) areas of growth in the portfolio, such as Mediabrands, R/GA, MRM, HUGE and public relations, and regionally, in Brazil, India and China. Across our agencies, we're adding digital talent. Headcount at quarter end was 41.3, an increase of 4% from a year ago. Severance expense was 2.7% of Q4 revenue, which is below the level of a year ago, but also above the 1% level for the first nine months of the year. Our Q4 headcount actions were focused in the U.S. and Europe, and are designed to drive improved efficiency going forward. Incentive expense in the quarter was 3.5% of revenue compared with 2.9% a year ago. The comparison, of course, reflects this year's strong operating improvement and very strong results, as well as comp based on decreased expense in 2009 due to the recession. Temporary labor expense was 3.1% compared with 2.8% a year ago. All other salary-related expenses increased to 4.5% of revenues compared with 3.8% last year. The comparison reflects a higher level of discretionary bonus awards that are variable and based on agency, as well as employee performance. For the full year, this category was 3.3% of revenue compared with 2.8% in 2009 and 3% in 2008. Turning to office and general expenses in the lower half of this slide. O&G in Q4 was 540 million, or 26.8% of revenue compared with 26.4% a year ago. O&G increased 13.7%, largely due to increased pass-through expenses, which as I mentioned earlier, are offset in revenue. For the full year, O&G was 28.5% of revenue, unchanged from last year. Within O&G, we had 120 basis point of leverage on occupancy expense, which was 6.4% of revenue compared with 7.6%. This was a result of both revenue growth and decreased rent expense due to efficiencies achieved over the past 12 months. For the full year, occupancy expense decreased 100 basis points as a percentage of revenue. Our metric on a per square foot employee decreased to 245 square feet, a historic low for Interpublic. All other O&G was 14.6 for the revenues compared with 13.6% a year ago, due to higher pass-through expenses offset in revenue, which I mentioned earlier.  On to Slide 8, as usual, we show our adjusted operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis, which was 8.5% for 2010. As we have said previously, our objective this year had been greater than 8% on the way to our ultimate goal of full competitive profitability. On Slide 9, we turn to cash flow for the quarter. Operations generated $979 million compared with $739 million in Q4 '09 due to the growth in net income and strong working capital results. Working capital generated $639 million in the quarter, ahead of last year's very strong $426 million. As a reminder, cash flow in our business is seasonal. We tend to generate cash from working capital in Q4 and use cash in Q1. Investing activities used $23 million. Financing activities used $219 million, including $193 million to pay our maturing floating rate notes in November. Also, as previously disclosed, the quarter included the $23 million cost of our hedging as the potential risk of price appreciation on the 16.1 million shares of common stock into which 4.75% convertible notes when they are callable in March of 2013. The increase in cash and marketable securities during the quarter was $750 million. Cash flow for the full year is in the presentation appendix. You can see that full year operating cash flow is $817 million. We paid cash taxes of $87 million, and full year CapEx was $96 million. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 10. We ended the quarter with $2.69 billion in cash and short-term marketable securities on the balance sheet, an increase of $183 million from a year ago, despite, as I had mentioned, extensive debt and preferred stock deleveraging during the year. On Slide 11, you see our debt maturity schedule as of December 31. Total debt was 1.7 billion, a decrease of $200 million from a year ago, which brings us to a decrease of approximately $600 million over the past three years. In mid-November, we had a senior note maturity of $193 million, which we paid from cash on hand. Early in the year, we redeemed $20 million of these notes. The schedule shows $154 million due this year, most of which is short-term debt used locally for working capital purposes that typically remains outstanding. The smaller pieces are August 2011 maturity, only $36 million. Looking ahead to 2012 and 2013, it is also worth noting that the amount shown here are the first potential put and call dates of our convertible notes rather than maturity dates, which do not occur until 2023. In summary, on Slide 12, we are pleased with our performance in the quarter and the year. Our strong cash position and cash flow, as well as our operating performance and business momentum, were all important considerations, as Michael mentioned, for our board's decision to initiate a common share dividend and share repurchase program. Our revenue results speak to the competitiveness of our brands, while our continued progress with cost and profitability mean we're managing expenses carefully. Importantly, we continue to invest in growth and efficiency. This will allow us to continue to deliver on the margin expansion and increase profitability that we believe are achievable going forward. Now I'd like to turn back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. Our performance in Q4 and for the full year demonstrated the strength of our agencies, their people and their professional offerings, particularly in growth areas like digital, marketing services and the emerging economies. We saw vitality across the full cross-section of client sectors. We also continued to demonstrate our ability to manage the business effectively and convert revenue gains into significantly increased levels of profitability. Competitive organic revenue is the best indicator that we are building a terrific talent base, and that our strategic decisions our paying off. Key developments in this area during the latter part of 2010 included successful completion of the management transition at McCann. The team there now includes new leadership in the creative area, digital, healthcare communications, strategic planning and finance. During the fourth quarter and full year 2010, Mediabrands continued to deliver an outstanding performance. We've successfully recruited terrific talent to join IPG media agencies, and we're seeing more new business wins and continuing industry recognition. Our decision in January of this year to name Matt Seiler, Mediabrands CEO, and Jacki Kelley as his successor at UM, along with the strong leadership provided by Richard Beaven at Initiative and Matt Freeman at Mediabrands Ventures, will contribute to further positive momentum at this dynamic unit. Draftfcb continues as a major contributor to our success. The agency once again grew its revenue and delivered strong profitability. Their integrated model, which increasingly features digital and sharper marketing capabilities, is getting very positive reviews from clients, and the global buyers [indiscernible] (36:51) win was a further validation of that offering. New management in key markets such as New York, Chicago and Shanghai is focused on taking the agency's performance to an even higher level. The merger of Lowe and Deutsch made both agencies stronger and enhanced their competitive position in the U.S. where the majority of multinational businesses still originates. We're pleased with Lowe's overall 2010 performance, with their strength in key developing markets, especially Brazil and India, and with the fact that their new business pipeline is robust heading into the new year. CMG, which includes Weber Shandwick, GolinHarris, Jack Morton and Octagon, keeps delivering industry-leading work in PR, sports and experiential marketing. We're seeing a lot of new client activity at these agents as we head into 2011. A great deal of digital talent is being on-boarded at all of our marketing service firms, and we believe this will lead to continued organic growth and market share gains for the group this year. Among the digital specialty agencies, R/GA, HUGE and McCann's MRM posted outstanding results. Performance at the integrated U.S. independence was also strong, led by Mullen, The Martin Agency, Hill Holliday and Gotham. It's clear that marketers are leaning forward and looking to us to help them grow. This gives us a greater confidence that they will maintain or increase their levels of spend in 2011.  As always, it's up to us to earn a larger share of their business. We have to demonstrate that the investment clients make in their brands will be supported by sharp strategic thinking and driven home to consumers with great creative ideas across all media platforms. Ultimately, our solutions must be accountable and deliver strong ROI and marketplace results. This remains a time of opportunity for our industry. We expect to see solid revenue growth in 2011. We will be comparing to the strong growth in the year just ended, but we currently believe that 4% to 5% organic growth is a reasonable outlook for the full year 2011. With growth in that range, our objective is to grow margins to 9.5% to 10% in 2011. Of course, we'll have more detail for you on 2011, and our plans going forward at our Investor Day late in March. We're excited about that event, which will give you an opportunity to hear from the leadership of our largest businesses. They will share their thoughts on strategy and operations for their respective units, and Frank and I will fill in the broader financial and strategic framework for our business. We look forward to seeing you on March 29 here in New York. In closing, I want to thank all of our people from around the world for a very strong 2010 in terms of our revenue and profitability growth. The dividend and share repurchase programs we are announcing today signal our confidence in our ability to build on this progress. We see the results we are sharing with you today as part of a sustainable, long-term path to achieving both competitive organic revenue and margin performance. Above all, we remain committed to enhancing total shareholder value in a way that supports our long-term growth strategy, and is also responsive to the needs of our owners. With that, I'll be happy to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Alexia Quadrani with JPMC.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Thanks for the color on the outlook for 2011. I was hoping you'd drill down on it a little bit further. Would you say that the momentum in the advertising market has generally continued into the first quarter, and your sort of range of 4% to 5% is much more reflective of not any kind of change in attitude but just a more difficult comparison?
Michael Roth: Yes, absolutely. We have not seen -- obviously, the next question is, what have we seen January? Or actually, what have we seen in the last week? We continue to see strong performance and there's no reason for us to expect a pullback. And you're absolutely right, as I indicated, the comps that we start comparing to get a little more difficult. So at this point in time, we see no reason to pull back in terms of our expectation of a positive performance in 2011.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And when you look at your margin goals for 2011 and beyond, can you give us a bit more detail in terms of what are the levers behind sort of getting to the next level from where you are right now?
Michael Roth: Yes, I mean, I think we've shown, just look at our 2010 results, our ability to convert incremental revenue. And we always say we use about a 30% conversion. For 2010, we actually achieved 40% conversion, if you pull out the additional severance that we had. So I think what you'll see is us continuing focusing on the efficiencies and our staff-to-cost ratios as we increase revenue. I think you can't get there without revenue increase. I know we've always stated that, and I think as you see our revenue throughout the year increase, we will manage our business to achieve the goals we set forth.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And last question, just if you could give us an update on the new business outlook right now. I know you have a couple of accounts in review, but if you can also try -- if you want to comment on them, but if not, if you can also talk about the pipeline and what you're seeing about potential new wins?
Michael Roth: Actually the pipeline is pretty solid. We've had a couple of announcements that will be coming out in the future. We cant obviously, put them out there right now. So we're feeling good about our pipeline and our competitive offerings. The three reviews that are out there, let me go one by one. First, we have the Army, which is a mandatory review, as you know. There are four finalists, we have two of them, McCann is defending and Draftfcb is the other finalist. We're feeling real good in terms of the outcome there, and so we're anxious to see the results there. But I think we're in good position to, if not retain that business, to keep it within the IPG fold. The Microsoft review, it's currently going on right now. We're feeling very positive about that. We entered into that review with the client indicating how satisfied they are with our performance and we continue to show and build upon that. So we're working that through right now. And SCJ, we have a very strong relationship with SCJ, and we're working very hard to make sure that we continue that into the future.
Operator: Our next question is from John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Frank, given the situation in the Middle East, can you tell us what your people are seeing at MCN? And is your sense of any slowdown will be confined to those markets and not spread into Europe?
Michael Roth: I think right now, the feeling, as the MCN leadership, is just one of concern in the certain markets that are going through the traumatic turmoil that we're watching on television every day. The markets that are mostly impact are relatively small for us but they're important. So we're keeping an eye on it and they're keeping us updated. But with the volatility in that part of the world, it's going to have an adverse impact on the business.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: So is it like a 1% or 2% of overall revenue?
Michael Roth: It's about 2% for the entire region, and the specific markets that are most volatile right now are de minimis to that.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: And just you've historically had a lot of volatility in the U.K. And I think you guys mentioned some projects stuff, but with GDP slowing in the fourth quarter there, did your agencies get any sense that clients are going to be a little bit more cautious here, heading into this year?
Michael Roth: In the U.K., we've seen some positive results. A lot of that is driven by events. We had some very strong events going on in the U.K. We think the U.K. is a good place to be. It's just not going to have the rapid growth that we see elsewhere, but it's certainly a key strategy for us to move forward. We haven't built into our plans any huge growth in those areas either. So we're going to see slow, gradual recovery there, and we're going to manage our business. The other thing we've done, as you saw in 2010 and 2009, is we right sized our business in those markets. At McCann, we've made some changes in leadership. Bringing Gustavo on board is an important addition for us. So we're going to continue to be strong in those markets, but we're not counting on the kind of recovery in that market as we are elsewhere.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Just speaking of that. On the severance side, was it disproportionate in Europe relatively speaking to historical levels? Or was it pretty balanced between the two, meaning U.S. and Europe?
Michael Roth: It was pretty much there and U.S. Those are the two key parts of the severance. And again, it's in those markets and disciplines that aren't showing the growth. Remember, we're investing strongly behind digital and media, and some of the other areas we're rightsizing.
Frank Mergenthaler: And John, we've been aggressive in Europe on the severance front for three years.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Chesler with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: The first question is, if you revisit the 2011 margin outlook, which we appreciate that you're providing to us this morning, besides revenue, can you talk about some of the variables that might sort of lead you to sort of comment in the bottom or the top end of that range? Because if I just, basically, if I do a quick de-composition of those portions of your outlook, while not trying to get too specific, it does look like there's greater variability on the margin that would imply a 30% incremental margin to your revenue guidance or initial revenue thoughts?
Michael Roth: Well, look, we're in February, okay? And we are just completing our business plans for 2011. We have a very robust process where we go bottoms up for our networks. We meet with them, we go over the strategic requirements. Their staffing needs and their growth opportunities. And obviously, this is not an exact science. And frankly, it's early in the year. And as we go through the year and certainly, at our Investor Day, we're going to put a little color in terms of how we're going to achieve our targets. But I think we don't give guidance the way I know you would like us to do. This is directional, and this is how we're going to be managing our business, and how we think it's a safe and conservative approach to managing our business. And I think as you've seen, we've proven our ability to manage our business through all types of environments. So as the economy, if it gets stronger, then we'll be able to respond. And as the economy gets -- if for some reason it pulls back, we have levers that we can pull to make sure that we achieve our target. Our businesses are managed to achieving margin and revenue, and it's up for our business units to focus on specifically achieving that. So if we're falling short on the revenue side, then there's actions that we have to take on the expense side. So we're all marching towards the same objectives.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: Frank, at this point, after you've gone to the market with your capped call on the converts, how are you feeling about any further opportunities to address the share count?
Frank Mergenthaler: Matt, we're constantly looking at it. I think that the buy-back program that we announced today is a big step for us. We've got some converts that are out there, and we've got the capital in place. So we're constantly looking at dilution and multiple factors will contribute if we decide to do more. But from where we are today, we're pretty set on the actions we've announced.
Michael Roth: Yes, and I think all these actions, when we undertake decisions like this, we're looking at the long-term financial position of the company, not the short term. And as that improves, then we look at what other opportunities we have out there, whether it is buying in some of our debt, if possible, reposition the share buyback. I mean, that's all those things -- frankly, this is a great conversation for us to have. I know many of you have been waiting for us to be in this position, and we've always said, we like to keep a conservative balance sheet. And the answer is, we do. We like to keep a conservative balance sheet. But at this point in time, we think this is the appropriate move at these levels, and as we see our performance towards achieving our goals get closer, then we'll take a harder look at that.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Matt, as Michael pointed out in his comments, we're still going to be looking at opportunities to invest behind growth in our business. So we've got to balance that in the discussion.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to ask about the NOLs and the tax rate in the quarter. Frank, you guys came in lower than we were expecting this quarter, and I know there's sort of a relative mix of international versus domestic that matters there, but just a broader question about the tax trends from here, as you guys feel very good about what's happening across all your agencies, but particularly international seems to be picking up?
Frank Mergenthaler: On the NOL front, Ben, there's about $1.7 billion of NOLs remaining. During the year, we utilized about $190 million, which had a cash tax savings of about $65 million or $70 million. So we are seeing cash generation and as we return to profitability and leveraging those NOLs to give us some cash cover. With respect to our rate for the year, we had some positive impact on our effective rate based upon where we saw earnings, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. We think, going forward, for modeling purposes, a 40% effective rate is a reasonable rate. We did a little better than that this year. And as it relates to cash taxes, we were about 18% or 19% this year, which is a very, very good result. And I think that the tax team did a terrific job. We think, again going forward, that number should be 20% or 21%.
Michael Roth: We think there's still a real opportunity out there in terms of leveraging the tax NOLs, and those are real assets. And obviously, by using some of them in terms to avoid cash tax [ph] (52:32) payments is a good indication of the benefit we get. The other thing in our tax rate, what happens in the fourth quarter is you true-up your tax rate. You use your estimate for the year, and in the fourth quarter, you have to go back and really, look at what the full rate is, and you adjust it in the fourth quarter. So we saw some of that in the fourth quarter as well. And as Frank indicated, 40% is the right number to use and obviously, we hope to nail it. The best way to use a tax NOL is to earn your way out of it. And as we see recovery in those markets, then we have the ability to use these tax NOLs to offset that income without paying cash taxes, which is a real opportunity for us.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: And just looking at the Slide 26 where you guys give the verticals, I mean auto and transport really jump out as huge drivers, but I just wanted to get a sense -- I don't know if this makes sense to look at it this way, this has been a very cyclical area of ad spend, stating the obvious, but if you go back, how far away are we, or are we already there if you look at your auto business versus where it was back in '06, '07 before that business really started to fall apart, the auto business in particular? I mean, I know you had a huge growth rate in '10 but that's probably coming off a pretty low base.
Michael Roth: Yes, actually, it's a fair point. It came off a very low base. But actually, look at it on another way, too. In prior years, we were pretty much generating Auto business from General Motors. I mean we were a GM -- and the whole industry has changed dramatically. And as you know, we picked up some additional Auto in terms of Volkswagen, Chrysler Media, we do Subaru. So the mix of our Auto business has become a little more fragmented than it used to be. So whatever was driving on the General Motors side, we're picking up some new business in the other areas, which is frankly consistent with the whole industry right now. And clearly, as you said, 2010 was a strong year in terms of the auto sector coming back and spending large amounts of money, and in particular, the recovery at General Motors is remarkable, with their IPO. So we benefited from that, as did our whole sector. So I think we're getting back to a more normalized level on the Auto sector, and we were just coming off a horrific period in 2009.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: And last question, Frank, just on the buyback, I know the timing of that buyback will depend on the fundamentals of the business, but just from a conceptual perspective, whatever your free cash flow is in '11 and you have some acquisition [indiscernible] (55:20) that you highlighted, I think its like a little over $100 million, should we just assume that after you pay your dividend, that the rest of the free cash flow would go towards that buyback? Would there be any other reason to build cash, or anything else just sort of what you think about it?
Frank Mergenthaler: We'll look at the entire cash need, Ben, in the portfolio, whether it be on acquisition front, or whether it be investment in CapEx. But we put a plan in place, we tend to execute that plan in a reasonable timeframe.
Operator: Our next question is from James Dix with Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Just three things, I guess if you could do any kind of 30,000-foot compare and contrast to two years ago, or maybe a little over two years ago, which is probably the last time you guys with 15% [ph] (56:19) top margins approaching 10%. Obviously, the recession has forced upon you and given you opportunity to change the mix of business and the investments you've made. Just any color you could give on how the environment is different than the last time you were thinking about getting close to that 10% margin level? And then just more, specifically, any guidance you could give us on just what severance and incentive should look like as a percent of the overall revenue, which it bounced around a little bit this year. I'm assuming there aren't a lot of surprises we should expect, but I just want to confirm that. And then finally, just with the return of capital return, any color you can give on rating agency's feedback and where you stand in terms of your overall goal of getting back to investment grade?
Michael Roth: Okay. In terms of the changes from where we were prior to the recession, our industry has changed dramatically. I mean, if you look at our -- just look at the actions we've taken from a strategic point of view from that period. We put Lowe and Deutsch together, we put Draftfcb together. Our media offerings have changed dramatically, and the great success of our Mediabrands is an indication that the marketplace has changed dramatically. So the offerings in the digital space, in the emerging markets, in the emerging media have taken front and center in terms of the recovery. And what's really interesting to see is that during this period when the economy was in the tank, we continued to invest behind these things. So that when, and if the recovery came, we were well positioned to do that. So we took some very hard severance actions during this period, but we've also reinvested in our businesses. So I think the difference between where we were and where we are now is in the business mix. And the type of offerings that we have now are much more sophisticated, they're much more accountability-driven. Digital, the emerging markets, double-digit growth in China, Brazil and India is an indication of the future. But lets not forget, we have very strong waiting in the U.S. and North America, which has performed very well. So that's clearly an important engine that is helping us get back to those margins. But I think our business mix in terms of our offerings is much broader, it's much deeper, and the relationships in this market with our clients is a little more complicated. But complications and disruption is good for our business, because we have to be able to help our clients navigate that. So I think it's a robust environment, but we're much more in the fold in terms of the competitive set that we're dealing with. It's no longer that you can count on a relationship lasting 100 years. We have to earn our business every day, and we've invested in people and tools to make sure that, that happens. So I think that the nature of our business has changed dramatically, and the fact that we are able to start showing the improvement in the margin and revenue as we come out of the recession is an indication of our competitive positioning. So I feel good about that.
Frank Mergenthaler: The Other two questions, James, severance, 1% is probably a reasonable number. And on the incentive asked, 3.5% to 4% of revenue is probably reasonable, and on the capital return and the rating agency discussion, we've being talking to rating agencies throughout this process, so that they were well aware of what we were doing and supportive of it. The dialogue with all three agencies has been good. We've been upgraded by one agency and the other two have us on positive outlook. So we'll continue to be transparent and work with them. And our expectations are, we will be investment grade in the not-too-distant future with the other two agencies.
Operator: Our next question is from William Bird with Lazard.
William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: I was wondering if you could tell us what you expect free cash flow to do in 2011? And also, if you could just talk about what you're seeing on pricing?
Michael Roth: I'll talk about pricing. I'll let Frank talk about free cash flow. Obviously, we're coming off a pretty strong year on free cash flow. So we don't see anything stopping that. But I'll let Frank comment it on. Pricing is competitive. And our challenge is to make sure that we're moving the needle. There's no question that in 2009, the procurement involvement in pricing was significant. It still is. But I think right now, our clients are in a very competitive set as well and they have to be able to move the needle. We just have to show that we're effective in terms of the offerings that we're making. And pricing, although it's competitive, given the efficiencies on how we operate our businesses, we're comfortable with our ability to deliver margins. But it's competitive. And what's good is that we're in all the pictures that are out there. We're winning our share, if not more. And in the end, winning and investing in some clients for a long-term relationship and continuing to performance is critical, and that's how we'll maintain our margins.
Frank Mergenthaler: Going to free cash flow, we expect it to be strong, and it was one of the factors we considered when we were determining that moving forward on the dividend and the share buyback. We're not ready to put a number on it now, but we feel pretty good about.
William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: But I guess just to be a little more specific, do you expect it to grow?
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes.
Michael Roth: Look, in a solid environment where we are growing, you would expect it to grow, and that's part of our plan.
William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: And also, I was wondering on incremental margin, you've done a great job kind of converting incremental revenue. If we think about a range of incremental margins for '11, how best to think about it?
Michael Roth: Well, I think we said 30% to 40% was where we were looking to convert revenue at, and we've shown we can do it, and that's what we're trying to do.
Operator: Our next question is from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Two questions, I guess the first one is if you look at the turmoil in the Middle East and you look at the big picture aside from the volatility involved in the region specifically but rather, its impact on oil. Is there a point at which -- do you guys have a view of kind of a level of really the price of oil at which you start to see kind of disruption to the macro advertising market and how much room do we have from here? And I guess the second question is, and I suspect they'll be giving us a little bit more color and thoughts on this at the Investor Day, but when you characterize the target for margins as competitive, and no good deed goes unpunished, but because you're making such great progress, I think people start to ask themselves well kind of competitive with who, right? There is some variability in the space. And like, I guess, could you be a little bit more specific, because there really is some variability. Do you mean competitive with like your closest domestic competitor or globally? And the second part of that question is do you see any headwind ultimately because of scale? Do you feel like you are scaled enough such that with any of your given competitors, you really should be able to kind of be on par over time in terms of margins?
Michael Roth: Okay first of all, we don't see any issue on scale. I think, as I said, we're competitive on all the major pictures, we win our fair share. We have strong presence in all the markets, certainly in the emerging markets. We've always said that China, although we're not as large as some of our competitors, if you pull out the media side, we have a very strong offering in China, and we've always indicated our intention to invest in China and grow. And frankly, as we speak right now, we're out there looking, and we will be investing strongly behind China because we think that's opportunity. But we already have a good presence there, and we expect to grow it. So scale is not an issue in any of our offerings, whether it be digital, media, PR, certainly, not, and in the integrated offering, which is where the competitive situations are falling right now. As far as the question of the macroeconomics, we don't have a specific target on oil. I think if you broaden your question to the issue of, as the price of oil gets high, the cost of commodities, if you will, for our client base, becomes to be a pressure, and therefore, if I might -- I assume your question will lead to, will that impact the advertising spend? And I think the answer to that is we've seen that already happen in 2010. We see the pressure on our clients, particularly in the consumer goods, packaged goods marketplace, where the cost of raw material has gone up. And yet our clients continue to have to invest in their brands on the marketing services. So I think we have a ways to go before this is going to directly impact their need to spend behind on the marketing dollars. So I don't have a specific -- lower is better. But global economics is not something that I want to comment on right now other than, we've seen some ugly stuff out there, and our clients have realized that the best thing to do in a difficult environment is invest in their brands, and we see that continuing. There was a third question.
Frank Mergenthaler: David, your third question. We've been pretty consistent when we make reference to competitive margins, we're talking to about U.S. competitor.
Michael Roth: And by the way, the range on that competitive margins we said is around 13%. So, we'll put a stake in the ground and say that's what we're driving to. If the overall economic environment changes and our competitor set change, we obviously will want to stay competitive.
Operator: Our next question today is from Craig Huber with Access 342.
Craig Huber - : You guys are roughly about 100 countries around the world. If currency stayed flat, can you help us, what are you budgeting for currency impact on your revenues for the first quarter and for the full year?
Frank Mergenthaler: About 1% for the full year. We didnt give you an answer for the first quarter, Craig.
Craig Huber - : Do you have it though or no? Could you give it?
Frank Mergenthaler: For the year, as Michael said, 1%.
Craig Huber - : You don't have anything for the first quarter?
Frank Mergenthaler: No, we do not.
Craig Huber - : And then also on your cash balance, Frank, you and I have talked about this many times, the $1.9 billion to roughly $2.7 billion of cash at the end of the last fourth quarters last year, any point last year, what was the low point in your cash balance in your balance sheet?
Frank Mergenthaler: I don't have that, Craig, with us. I think that way back, when we were addressing this issue and we talked about intra-quarter swings, we said intra-quarter swings were roughly $200 million $300 million. I think that trend, if you model that to the elevated cash balance we are, you could probably come up with a reasonable level. But we haven't gone back to look at that in any great detail.
Craig Huber - : Your 4% to 5% organic revenue growth assumption for this new year, I assume you're thinking the Continental Europe piece that would be what, low-single digits? Your Continental Europe organic revenue growth?
Michael Roth: I think we've already said, we don't see a big recovery in Continental Europe. So in the low-single digits would be consistent with that.
Frank Mergenthaler: I mean, continental Europe was down a little bit this year and so it's probably flat to slightly up, Craig.
Craig Huber - : Lastly, if you could just -- what were the major wins and losses that you had here in the fourth quarter?
Michael Roth: We didn't have any major losses in the fourth quarter. We've already indicated we have a couple of reviews out there. Frankly, there weren't a lot of major wins in the fourth quarter. Certainly, none that we've announced. [indiscernible] (01:09:27). And some media wins that we've had out there as well. Just recently, I wouldn't call it major, but Mullen won Barnes and Nobles was announced yesterday. Gevali at Draftfcb was a very big win. Actually, it was a retention, but it was a win given what was going on between, you know, and with Kraft. So to see Draftfcb win a great brand like Gevalia and defend is great news, and it goes to the strength of the Draftfcb offering and the people in that organization.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Maybe a little bit more color on acquisitions? Maybe where -- you mentioned that the brick countries are a focus but maybe some insight on what disciplines you're looking to add and if you maybe have a, maybe a rough dollar amount in mind that you'd like to be spending?
Michael Roth: Yes, we model out about $150 million in acquisitions and we usually come in within that range. We have a couple of transactions in the pipeline already. Mostly in the digital space. Obviously, that's a hard -- a strong growth area for us. And all of our networks, as well as the group here are looking at digital transactions. And we expect to be announcing a few, no major transactions, but a few of them in the upcoming weeks, if you will. Brazil continues to be a strong market for us. We keep looking for opportunities there. Obviously, I just mentioned China. We'd like to find some transactions in China, but we're not going to chase transactions in a market like that. We want to make sure that the people and the offerings are consistent with our strategic direction. And obviously, we've shown a growth, if you will, in Brazil. We've shown a growth in the U.K., actually, with the addition of Delaney, London, we're actually looking at the digital opportunities there, as well.
Operator: And we are approaching 9:30 Eastern time, I would like to turn the call over to the speakers for closing comments.
Michael Roth: Great. Well, as you can see, we're quite pleased with the results for 2010 and the fourth quarter. I think we're going into 2011 with a lot of momentum behind us. And we look forward to talking to you and with our first quarter results and we appreciate all your support. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael Roth - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Jerome Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Peter Stabler - Crdit Suisse AG Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Corporation James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc. Brian Shipman - Jefferies & Company, Inc. John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG Rich Tullo - Albert Fried and Company
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Now I'd like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome Leshne: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements of our company, which are subject to uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning as we review our results for the quarter and the first nine months of 2010. As a side note, we're calling you from Richmond, Virginia, home of your of our Agency of the Year, the Martin Agency, and we're pleased to be here. And in fact, we had our board meeting here yesterday as well. I'll begin by covering the headlines of our performance, thereafter, which Frank will then take us through the financial results. I'll then return with additional detail about what's taking place at our key agencies and some closing comments. As always, we'll always leave plenty of time for Q&A. In looking at our performance, we're pleased with the third quarter that saw a strong revenue and profit growth. Revenue increased 9.4% in the quarter, both as reported and in terms of organic revenue growth. It's gratifying that contributions came from such a broad range of our portfolio. Our U.S. organic revenue growth was 10%. Key emerging markets, such as India, South Africa, Brazil, and the whole of Latin America, posted strong double-digit organic growth rates. Europe, however, continued to lag. In terms of client sectors, automotive, packaged goods and financial services all posted strong double-digit growth. Health and personal care was up in the mid-single digits, as was technology and telecom, including the fact that we are cycling out at some significant assignment lost last year in the category. At the agency level, there was a strong organic growth at many of our companies. Draftfcb, Lowe & Partners, Mediabrands, Weber Shandwick, Hill Holliday, Mullen, Jack Morton and Octagon. Digital was also a material contributor to our growth in the quarter, with very strong performance at the McCann's MRM unit, R/GA, HUGE, as well as the digital capabilities within our PR firms and the U.S. independent agencies. Overall, we are seeing a fair bit of activity on the new business front, and the pipeline is solid at most of our agencies across all disciplines. On a trailing 12-month basis, we remained net new business positive to the end of the third quarter. The top line performance in the quarter and year-to-date reflects the economic recovery. More important, our growth is the direct results of the investments we made during the past few years in talent and in developing markets and emerging media, as well as the strategic actions we've taken to strengthen and reposition a number of our key agency brands. While the first nine months of the year had been encouraging, and the tone of client conversations has improved, there is still a degree of uncertainty. Now turning to the bottom line, operating income was $100 million, an increase of 72% compared to a year ago. Operating margin was 6.4% compared to 4.1% for Q3 2009, which speaks to our continued operating discipline. The people, systems and tools we put in place to ensure that we can effectively manage the business are clearly working. Earnings per diluted share were $0.08, up from $0.03 in the comparable period last year. This performance further confirms that we are confident that we will deliver on our margin objective of greater than 8% for 2010. Our balance sheet continues to be strong, and we have ample financial resources at our disposal. It's encouraging to see our strength recognized by the rating agencies again, as this morning, Fitch upgraded us to BBB from BB+, a rise of two notches. At this point, let me hand things over to Frank for an in-depth look at our first half performance.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thanks, Michael. Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast. On Slide 2, you'll see an overview of the quarter. We are pleased with operating results. Q3 revenue was balanced between the U.S. and international. We continue to maintain effective discipline over expenses. In producing a strong profit growth Michael mentioned, we realized over 200 basis points of operating leverage on combined base payroll and temporary labor expenses. We also leveraged occupancy expense by 100 basis points and experienced lower severance expense. Going the other way, in light of strong year-to-date performance at a number of our agencies, we have higher expenses for incentive compensation with contrast to a year ago when we decreased the incentive accrual. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of $1.9 billion on the balance sheet, an increase of $167 million from the year ago level, while having used $287 million to purchase both the majority of our convertible preferred stock and a smaller amount of debt earlier this year. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail on the slides that follow. It's worth noting here that our effective tax rate in the quarter was 35%, which is below our current run rate, due in part to the reversal of valuation allowances in Europe. Turning to operations on Slide 4 beginning with revenue. Revenue in the quarter was $1.56 billion, an increase of 9.4%. Compared to Q3 '09, exchange rates had a negative impact of 0.7% and net acquisitions contribute 0.6%. Our organic revenue change was an increase of 9.4% due to growth with existing clients and net new business across all of our disciplines. Regionally, we are very strong in North America, LATAM, South Africa and the Middle East. We had double-digit growth in auto, financial services and packaged goods, as well as a rebound in tech and telecom. For the first nine months, organic revenue was 5.2%. On the bottom half of the slide, you can see the revenue performance of our operating segments. At our Integrated Agency Networks, organic growth was 8.8%. Growth was strong in both the U.S. and international markets, with leadership by Draftfcb, Lowe & Partners, and Mediabrands. At our CMG segment, revenue increased 12.3% at an organic basis, reflecting double-digit growth in the U.S. and internationally. We had growth across the board at all our principal operating units and disciplines, PR, events and sports marketing. Slide 5 provides a breakdown of revenue by region. In the U.S., the organic increase of 10% was driven by broad participation across client sectors and disciplines. We were led by Draftfcb, Mediabrands and Lowe & Partners, as well as Hill Holliday, Campbell-Ewald, Weber Shandwick, Jack Morton and Octagon. International organic growth was 8.6%. In the U.K., revenue increased 3.9% organically, led by our marketing services specialist agencies. In Continental Europe, the organic decrease was 1%, a level consistent with the second quarter and our expectations. Spending by our multinational clients held up better than that of regional and local clients. Among our largest markets, revenue increased in France with decreases in Germany, Spain and Italy. In Asia-Pac, organic growth was 3.5%. Growth in India, Australia and China was partially offset by a notable decrease in Japan. Asia-Pac x Japan grew 10% organically. Organic growth in LATAM strengthened to 28.8%, an outstanding performance led by our agencies in Brazil, where we saw significant increases by multinational clients across several sectors. Our other markets group grew 27.1% organically, primarily reflecting strong performance in South Africa and the Middle East. On Slide 6, we chart a longer view of our organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. The most recent data point is a positive 1.1%, which the trajectory this year indicative of the recovery we're seeing many markets around the world. On Slide 7, we'll take a closer look at operating expenses. Q3 operating margin was 6.4% compared with 4.1% a year ago. Salaries and related expenses decreased to 64.5% of revenue from 66.1% in Q3 '09. Total SRS is $1.01 billion compared with $944 million, an increase of 6.7%. Underneath that result, there were a number of moving pieces. Base payroll, benefits in taxes, was 53.1% of revenue compared with 56.3% of revenue a year ago, an improvement of 320 basis points. At the same time, we continue to invest prime areas of growth in the portfolio, such as at Mediabrands, Draftfcb, R/GA, MRM and HUGE, as well as public relations. Across our agencies, we are adding digital talent. Headcount at quarter end was 41,200 including the consolidation of DLKW. This is an increase of 2.3% from a year ago. Severance expense was $16 million, which is in a normal range for Q3 compared with $23 million a year ago or 1% of revenue for this year compared with 1.6% a year ago. Incentive expense was 4.2% of revenue compared with 2.7% a year ago. As I mentioned earlier, the comparison reflects higher expense for annual and long-term incentive programs due to strong performance against budget, as well as a decrease in net expense a year ago due to the recession. Temporary labor expense was 3.8% compared with 2.9% a year ago to support growth. All other salaries and related expense was 2.4% of revenue compared with 2.6% last year. Turning to ops and general expense on the lower half of the slide. O&G was $452 million or 29% of revenue compared with 29.8% a year ago. Expenses increased 6.3%, largely due to higher pass-through expenses, which were offset in revenue. Within O&G, we had significant leverage on occupancy expense, which was 8% of revenue compared with 9%. This was a result of revenue growth and decreased rent expense as a result of real estate efficiencies achieved over the past 12 months. Professional fees were 1.6% of revenue compared with 1.9%. Expenses due to travel and entertainment, office supplies and telecom increased slightly as a percent of revenue due to the higher level of business activity. All other O&G was 15.7% of revenue, 30 basis points above last year, primarily reflecting increased pass-through expenses. On Slide 8, we show our operating margin history in a trailing 12-month basis, which was 7.8% at the end of the third quarter. On Slide 9, you see our debt maturity schedule, as of September 30, with total debt of $1.9 billion. We have a senior note maturing of $192 million, maturing in a couple of weeks, which we plan to pay from cash on hand. As a reminder, we also repurchased approximately $200 million in debt in both 2008 and 2009. Our August 2011 maturity is now classified as current and is only $36 million. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 10. We ended the quarter with $1.9 billion in cash and short-term marketable securities on the balance sheet, an increase of $167 million from a year ago. On Slide 11, we turn to cash flow for the quarter. Operations generated $40 million compared with $125 million in Q3 '09. Working capital used $60 million in the quarter, which is a seasonally normal level for the third quarter. Investing activities used $76 million, which includes our purchase of DLKW, compared with the use of $50 million a year ago. Financing activities used $12 million. In summary, on Slide 12, we are pleased with our performance in the quarter and year-to-date. Alongside strong growth driven by the competitiveness of our brands, we continue to manage expenses carefully. Importantly, we are also continuing to invest in growth and efficiency. This will allow us to continue to deliver on the margin expansion and increase profitability that we believe are achievable going forward. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. As you can see, our third quarter showed further evidence of the broader economic recovery in a degree to which we have competitive offering, including growth areas, such as market services, digital, as well as a number of the emerging economy. We are pleased with our performance year-to-date. Our agencies that are seeing growth are investing in talent but we are also keeping close control on our costs. That is why we're confident in our ability to deliver our stated operating margin objective of greater than 8% for this year. This level of performance would represent significant step-up from 2009 margin and would put us back on track to meet our ultimate goal of tier level margins within the next few years. Our momentum in terms of profitability demonstrates that we've put in place the right systems and people to effectively manage our business. The high quality of our professional offering has also allowed us to achieve our goal of competitive organic revenue growth in 2010. Developments at the agencies are key in ensuring that we'll build on that momentum, so what I'd like to do now is cover those areas in greater detail. For the quarter and year-to-date, as was the case in 2009, performance at Draftfcb was outstanding. The leadership of CEO Laurence Boschetto and his team, along with the agencies integrated model, is driving strong results for clients around the world. During the quarter, they've posted wins with electronic arts and a number of existing clients, including new assignments in Asia with Sony and India's Tata group. The appointments of Michael Fassnacht as President in Chicago and Damon Neiman [ph] as CEO in York was two of the network's stronger talents in more prominent roles for which they can add even more value to the organization. Mediabrands was also very strong performer in the quarter. UM won MasterCard in the U.S. It flows through our unit in India with named agency of record for Coke throughout Asia and ECHO shows UM as its global AOR, with regional hubs in the U.S., U.K. and China. Initiative continues to grow its business in step with major clients such as Hyundai Kia and Home Depot, as well as posting key regional wins in Europe with Bang & Olufsen and Unilever Search Assignment in Latin America. Mediabrand ventures to rollout a price globally and to launch business models such as Velociter, which will partner with the early-stage new media companies and startups. The acquisition of CUBOCC is integrating quickly, and we are excited about the JV in India to an Interactive Avenues, a leading local digital agency. The recently launched Mediabrands Shopper Science practice, won business from Home Depot, Boston Market and Coke during this quarter. Lowe's results continue to improve, and the agency will be profitable in 2010. Headline news included the celebration of our 50-year relationship with Unilever and strong performance in that client's business. Our combined Deutsche low global team won a major B2B assignment for Microsoft's cloud computing platform, validating the strategy to combine these agencies. Work on that launch will start shortly. We're also pleased with the integration of DLKW as the agencies are coming together in our Sloane Avenue space. Lowe was also launched open, its retail activation unit, in China and Brazil during the third quarter. At CMG, the work of Weber Shandwick and GollinHarris keeps winning awards and more important, taking market share from our competitors. We PR as an important growth area for the business in an age of social media and believe we have some of the strongest agencies in the industry. Sports marketing performed well, and the events continue to pick up in Q3. Notable wins included new work with Nestl, Unilever and Verizon. Collaboration is a hallmark of the CMG unit and an credit goes to Harry Simon and his team for creating collegial and successful culture. Our domestic integrated independents are capitalizing on the strength of the U.S. recovery, and we're seeing terrific wins and talent joint agencies, such as the Martin Agency where we are today, Hill Holliday, Mullen and increasingly Gotham. Turning to the McCann Worldgroup. I recently attended the agency's meeting to launch its new global strategic positioning. The work MRM is doing to GM in the digital CRM space globally is growing strongly. The McCann Healthcare offering is also powerful globally, and the addition of W [ph and its creative firepower in Brazil is already leading to new business momentum. Nick Brien and his team are energized and committed to making McCann Worldgroup the world's best marketing solutions network. There have already been notable additions to senior management. A new CFO for the organization from the Mediabrands leadership team, a new global CEO is named for MRM and another promoted into that role at McCann Healthcare. Both will take these units to new levels. A new head of global accounts and a new President for the Midwest have also been brought on recently. Additional strategic and personal moves will doubtlessly be required at the Worldgroup. But we feel confident that we have the right leadership and offerings in place. Before turning to questions, I wanted to close with some remarks about our outlook for the fourth quarter and to reiterate our commitment to putting the balance sheet to work on behalf of our shareholders. Q4 is important to our overall results. The quarter has always had a significant level of variable project spend. This ability to that project business carries with it a degree of uncertainty. Nonetheless, we are very confident in the quality of our offerings. The tone of the business is fundamentally solid, and client's liquidity is strong. However, with comps becoming more challenging and some sectors and client wins cycling stronger Q4 2009 results, we see solid but moderating growth for the balance of the year. IPG's performance in 2008 was its best in nearly a decade. Last year, despite the worst recession any of us have experienced, our strong professional offerings and conservative financial management allowed us to hold on to much of the margin progress we had made and positioned us for the recovery. The first nine months of 2010 had demonstrated our ability to achieve competitive organic revenue and get back on track to score the margin expansion. The tone of the business as we look to 2011 remain solid. Media and marketing continue to grow more fragmented and technology plays, and increasingly large role in consumers' lives. Emerging economies such as LATAM, India, China, Russia and Africa are also proving they're here to stay and represent long-term growth opportunities. All of these factors will work in our favor because the diversified, integrated provider of marketing services like IPG is vital for clients to navigate and to succeed in this complex environment. We will share with you in much greater detail the state of our key offerings and our revenue and profitability goals going forward at an Investor Day to be held in New York in late March of next year. This fundamental belief that our company's long-term future, coupled with all of the work we've done to bolster our financial as infrastructure in recent years have put us in a strong position. Recent performance including the impressive results announced thus far this year, gives us confidence that the strength of our cash flow will allow us to meet the needs for disciplined reinvestment in the business, including talent acquisition, targeted M&A in high-growth competencies and geographies. And furthermore, we will continue to explore additional options for the return of capital for shareholders owners, including share buyback and dividends. We are in a position to consider these actions because we believe and we see results in recent years as part of a sustainable, long-term path to achieving our growth of competitive top and bottom line performance. With that, I'd like to thank you for your time and open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: If you could talk about any color you haven't had a quarter progressed and any sort of early read into what you're seeing in October. And the second question, maybe for Frank, is at this point or this stage of the recovery, what do you really see as sort of the leverage for the margin improvement in 2011?
Michael Roth: As you know on a monthly progression basis, we don't look at our business that way. And it's certainly a difficult measurement for us, given the comps that we were coming off last year. And I know your question refers to the fact that we constantly saw a month-to-month increase. We didn't quite see that in this quarter, but nonetheless, our results stand for itself in terms of our strong improvement.
Frank Mergenthaler: With respect to going forward, Alexia, we still believe the strongest leverage is for operating revenues is base salaries. We saw a dramatic improvement for the three months, we've seen it for the nine months. And as we look into 2011, that will continue to be our area of focus to drive greater leverage in that caused bucket.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And Mike, just going back to your comments, what we should see month-to-month improvement necessarily, you didn't see great variability either in the sense we shouldn't read into that you had a. . .
Michael Roth: No. And again, I know your next question, Alexia, is what do we see for the fourth quarter. We continue to see a good tone from our clients. So we should expect a solid quarter in the fourth quarter.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And you mentioned, I was looking at use of cash. Any sense in terms of timing of maybe a possible announcement on that front?
Michael Roth: Yes, as we've always mentioned, what we wanted to see was a sustainable pattern in terms of the economic recovery. And as we get closer to that in the confidence level and the fact that we're not going to be seeing this large double dip that everyone was concerned about. And obviously, the likelihood of that becomes greater for us. But we constantly have to look at that as a possibility.
Operator: Our next question is from John Janedis of UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Frank, you referenced the increase in incentive comp. I'm wondering as we move through the fourth quarter and into next year, does that stay elevated above the 3 1/2% to 4% target as a percent of revenue?
Frank Mergenthaler: No, John, the 3 1/2% to 4% is still a reasonable range. And the way it works is we go to our media reviews, we have better visibility in the back half year. That happens right after the release in the second quarter. So as we get greater degree of comfort level, we adjust our accrual and we feel a number of our businesses are outperforming their budgets so we have to move that accrual up. But that's just the phasing of the accrual. It should still should be in the 3 1/2% to 4% range.
Michael Roth: Yes, I mean we're still converting the revenue which is the heart of your question, John, at an attractive rate. And that one, as Frank indicates, is variable. But for the full year, we'll be consistent with what we said.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: And just on the project business. I know it's early and you mentioned that, but can you help us think about where we come from? Meaning, how much has it fallen from maybe 4Q '07 through 4Q '09?
Michael Roth: Well, if you remember, if you go back to the calls in '08, when we saw a significant in drop, we put out a number of roughly $75 million in project business in the fourth quarter. So that will give you a range and bearing in terms of significance in the fourth quarter. Obviously, we're not in 2008 now, we're in 2010. So that will give you some level of upside.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: From an account perspective, have you then fully recycled some of the pieces of losses from a couple of your larger clients?
Michael Roth: No, we still have -- the Microsoft and Verizon business is still running off. We had set about a 1% impact on our organic, and that's still the number.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: When does that fully roll off, Michael?
Michael Roth: That should roll off by the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Shipman with Jefferies.
Brian Shipman - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just one question on revenue picture and then a cross question. If you could just add some discussion, maybe, to what kind of visibility you're getting into 2011 spending plans from your clients. Is there a discussion -- it's budget time of the year, so is there a discussion on increased budgets or increased spending for next year? Or do you see things sort of flattening out here? And then Frank, on the cost side, you described the third quarter severance of $16 million as normal for the third quarter. There's always going to be severance every quarter, but $16 million sort of appeared high to us given a 10% revenue growth. Is the $16 million a normal quarterly run rate we should expect going forward?
Michael Roth: I'll comment on the revenue thing and Frank can comment on severance. The meetings I've been having with our major clients are consistent with what they had said. And that is in a recovering market and certainly as they expand in the emerging markets and we see growth in emerging markets, they're going to spend those marketing dollars to support their brands. So although it's early for 2011, I think absence our hiccup in the overall economy, we're going to continue to see that kind of spend. Our visibility, as you say, we're in the process of budgeting and going through the bottoms-up budgeting for our numbers. But certainly, the tone is solid in terms of '11, and we won't really see -- frankly, once were finished with the fourth quarter, we'll have a better handle on '11. But right now, what we don't see is major cutback.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the severance question, Brian, we've been out there, in a normal environment, 1% of revenue is a reasonable number. Q3 and Q4 at times, sees greater activity there as people look forward to the next year and how they're going to be bid, the continued expansion of our margins. So again, we still believe that 1% is a reasonable number for modeling.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Stabler with Crdit Suisse.
Peter Stabler - Crdit Suisse AG: Question on Europe. I was wondering if you could drill down a little bit more. Michael, I think you mentioned that multinationals were performing better than local clients in that geography yet my understanding was, perhaps incorrectly, that the Microsoft loss and some other tech losses have disproportionately impacted Europe on an organic growth basis. So just wondering if you could give a little color there because your three largest competitors were able to turn the corner on organic growth in Europe in the quarter.
Michael Roth: Well, first of all, the U.K. in particular, we did see positive organic growth. So let me pull that out. You remember, in the second quarter, we had a difficult comp that we had to overcome. But in the U.K., it was positive. We're seeing positive growth in trends and the rest of Europe is lagging, if you will. I don't recall saying that we saw the bulk of that Microsoft running through Europe. And I don't think it's true, actually. But again, I think local market is driving the performance there. And we've already said that we've made some personnel changes in Europe. We're focusing on our cost profile in Europe, and there's some work to be done for us in Europe. But obviously, we're encouraged by what we're seeing in the United States and in the rest of the more the world. I think Latin America, I mean, the recovery there and the spend there is terrific. India, we're seeing great growth in India. And obviously, the other markets are offsetting whatever slowness we're seeing in Europe. And frankly, again, we didn't count on a big recovery in Europe. So this is totally consistent with what we had planned.
Peter Stabler - Crdit Suisse AG: And in those other geographies that you just mentioned, LATAM and let's say Asia-Pac minus Japan, would you characterize the situation there somewhat differently in so much as local clients are contributing at an equal or better in the multinationals?
Michael Roth: Yes, you don't get to those strong double-digit recovery if you're not having local clients action. So I think yes. It think there's a broad range spend in those economies.
Operator: Our next question is from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: A little bit of a follow up, I guess, on that last question. So Latin America and the rest of the world markets, I mean the acceleration was just extraordinary. So the first question would be, did you kind of see that coming last quarter? Did it actually impact the overall investment into the business in any way, in any meaningful way that sort of impacted margins for the quarter? And are you seeing continued strength to that order of magnitude? Any more color you can give on kind of high 20% growth across those regions would be great.
Michael Roth: It's always hard to budget with 30%, 40% growth. So obviously, we don't do that. We did expect those to be key markets for growth. So just take a look at two transactions that we did in Brazil, I mean with the acquisition of CUBOCC on the digital media side and the addition of W to McCann in Brazil, that certainly was in anticipation of a very strong economic environment there. So we did expect it to be as high as it is? No, It's hard to say. We are seeing an increase in media, okay? And the media spend, obviously, is driving that as well. So everything is all pointing in the right direction in those markets. And therefore, we will continue to invest. Same thing in India. We certainly expected India to be a growth market for us. If you remember, two years ago, we topped off our ownership in our two major units there to 100%. That was all in anticipation of those being key growth markets for us. So we now have the investment in Draftfcb at a 100% and Lowe at 100%. So those markets were expected to recover and grow, certainly, strong. And to be candid with you, we didn't expect us to grow 30%, but we certainly were expecting it to drive a large growth.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: In terms of the sustainability, this order of magnitude, any additional thoughts on that?
Michael Roth: Well, remember, again, look at comps. Comps are a lot easier. So you don't get 30%, 40% growth in market without some lightning on the comps. And obviously, they're going to get harder for us. So you can't budget for those kind of growth. But we do think that those economies are solid. They're leading in terms of recoveries and growth on a worldwide basis, so we think that should continue, certainly, Brazil, India. We're seeing recovery in the Middle East. South Africa is strong. We have very strong offerings both with McCann as well as Draftfcb in South Africa, and the Middle East is growing. So those are our growth markets for us. We have good presence in those markets, and we will expect that to continue.
Operator: Our next question is from James Dix with Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Two questions for you. First, I'll take another crack at the growth question I guess. Any reason to think that the growth sort of balance for the year won't be -- it's as good as it's been for the first nine months on organic basis? I mean, is there much change in trends at least in that sense? And then I guess, second on margins, do you have any expectation over the longer term in terms of what you're looking for in terms of incremental margins, going forward? They were over 30% in the third quarter, but they were a little higher in the second. I'm just trying to get a sense -- some of your peers lay out the targets along those lines. So I just wanted to see how you were thinking about that.
Michael Roth: First of all, the fourth quarter, remember our comps get much more harder. And so to anticipate 10% organic growth in the fourth quarter, given where the comps are, I think that's a stretch, okay?
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Yes, Michael. I was actually referring for the year-to-date. So for the first nine months, you were like 5% give or take.
Michael Roth: Right, I think it's reasonable to assume. We don't see any big major setback, which is why is said our fourth quarter should be solid. But we don't expect 10% organic growth, okay? In terms of margins, we've indicated we expect -- our goal is to get the competitive margins, which are 12%, 13%. Now we're not going to have to occur all at once. So we think that will be over in some period of time, shorter rather long, but that remains to be seen on the full year results. And that's really what we're going to lay out on our Investor Day in March. But certainly, we're positioned to achieve competitive margins as we stated.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Michael, could you put into context for us this quarter, year-to-date, sort of McCann versus the overall IPG growth story? I'm just trying to figure out, that's an agency that's obviously critical to you guys and somewhat in transition from a management perspective. I guess, what my thought process is, where are we in that transition process? And as we look to next year, where your comps for the company will be tougher as for the whole industry, does McCann, if the strategy is working, become a nice sort of lift to overall growth rate next year. And then for Frank, just on the balance sheet, I know it's complex, but you just spent a minute talking about the revolver test and how much cash you have available, liquidity available to buy backs stocks as you move into 2011? And I don't know if the rating agency operates hopefully upgrades changes that math for us as we think about your ability to put money to work on the stock in '11.
Michael Roth: Well, let me talk about McCann. Obviously, McCann is a significant part of the IPG story. Certainly, it accounts 50% or more of our business. And yes, it's in transition. As I indicated, Nick Brien and the whole group, who just launched a strategic positioning, it was a great event. We had 350 people from all over the world jointly focusing on the go-to-market strategies, where our strengths are, where we have to build and how we're going to collaborate in this challenging environment and putting together into greater offerings. So I was very excited about what was happening at McCann. And certainly, we look to 2010 as a transition year for McCann, as you would expect, if you look at just changes that have already occurred. And we would expect to start seeing improvement in 2011. And that's certainly a key component of our objective of achieving competitive margins because frankly, McCann is a significant factor in that growth. And I'm feeling real good about our offering. Let's face it, McCann is a global force, okay? And as client base and the opportunities, just for the existing client base, is significant to us. And what we have to do is really focus on our offerings and the use of the integrated offerings with respect to that kind of base. And I'm encouraged and I'm excited about what we'll see from McCann as it moves forward in 2011.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Ben, on your balance sheet question, the things we look at are cash flow generation, cash on hand, of course, and we look at our current credit facility, it's very flexible. So we've been pretty thoughtful and conservative on how we've used our balance sheet. And when a decision is made, we're going to put of this to work to play back to our shareholders. You can expect that to continue to be relatively conservative in the amount that we allocate towards those programs.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Any update on your expectations, Frank, on the timing of the other agencies? And I don't know if it's logical that you get one upgrade and the other ones follow, but it would seem to be anyway.
Frank Mergenthaler: We're in constant dialogue with the quarter net release. In fact, the agencies are briefed before we release, the quarters now released. We'll continue to aggressively push, and we would love to see that the other agencies step up and take shots.
Michael Roth: Let me just add. We believe the agencies are wrong. I think the fact is that our financial strength and our balance sheet is outstanding, and it's difficult for rating agencies to upgrade. I think Fitch hasn't moved us since 2008. So it's harder to go up, it's easier to go down. But I think if you look at our leverage, if you look at our cash and you look at our performance, I think we should frankly be at the investment grade. Now do I understand why they're holding off? Sure. They're holding off for the same reason that everyone is concerned about the uncertainty that's out there. They want to see if there is a double dip and is there a change in the business momentum, if you will. But once we start seeing the consistency and the sustainability, I don't believe there's any reason why we shouldn't be upgraded. That's my personal belief.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Two questions please. One, is on your salaries. You said you raised headcount by 2.3% in the quarter. I've seen that point to point yet your organic salary dollar increase in organic is 7.4%. I think I understand that right. And that compares with your organic growth of 9.4%. That salary number seems to be getting up close to where the organic growth increase is. If you could just explain first of all, please, what the differences between the headcount and the salary increase? How much of that is incentive comp versus base pay, maybe? And also, if you weren't to do 7 1/2% in Q4, what should we expect for salaries in Q4 and then beyond. I guess the ultimate question is, can you keep your salaries line increases below your revenue increases?
Frank Mergenthaler: Tim, as we've mentioned earlier, the key opportunity for us to continue to generate operating leverage off our base salaries. We have roughly 300 basis point improvement this quarter. That's on the chart that we provided the material that we went out this morning. So from our perspective, we believe we continue to see good strong leverage being generated out of the base salaries. And what you saw this quarter was on the incentive side, that's tracking as little north of 4% of revenues, higher than our normal facing, but that's primarily just because we feel more comfortable on the performance of our business for the year, especially against a couple of key agencies that are well in excess of their budgets. So the challenge for us to get to competitive margins is to continue to generate that operating leverage off our base salaries and that's the area of focus for us and we're confident that we can do it.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Second question then is about your tax assets. You're tax rate was a little bit lower than the 40% that you kind of guide us to in the quarter. And I get it out because if you're using some of your NOLs in Europe, if understood that correctly. Could you please clarify that. And also let us know, you've got about $1.5 billion, I believe, of NOLs. When can we expect to see those really start to kick in and see your tax rate come down?
Frank Mergenthaler: I think an appropriate effective tax rate is low 40s. I think that's what we've guided people to. This quarter was a little bit lower because we were able to do some structural things in Europe that allowed us to reverse the valuation reserve against net operating losses. So in other words, in asset, we now believe will be fully utilized. With respect to the timing I think it's back to the kind of Michael made about Europe and the profitability since that's the key driver of our NOLs. So as we continue to see improvement in our European operations and some of the management changes we've made start to take hold, we'll see greater cash coverage by NOL utilization profitability coming out of Europe. But that's going to be the key driver in ability that rises NOLs in Europe.
Michael Roth: Our cash rate was still 25%, currently. And there's no question that the $1.5 billion NOL carryforward is an asset that we hope to use. And I think you got to earn your way out of that. And obviously, the moves that we're making, particularly in Europe, should enable us to do that.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: It seems like you're getting close to the point where you can really start to take full advantage..
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, exactly, absolutely. When things are profitable, good things happen all around. And obviously, the use of that NOL is something we're looking forward to.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: And we'll wait for the share buyback in the dividend increase next.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Chesler with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: Well, it's clear that one of the areas that strengthen your business is on the media side with traction of Mediabrands is having. Can you walk us through, how this is going to translate into your ability to generate cash flow in the business and sort of what impact, and where do you think you might end up for the year while working capital, you think it should be positive? And then if you're looking into next year, if all continues well on that front, whether do you think you'll be able to continue to generate cash there? How many more leverage you still have to sort of squeeze out to more efficiencies elsewhere?
Michael Roth: Let me talk about Mediabrands from a business point of view. I'll let Frank talk about the cash flow impact of it. I think one of the exciting things that's going on in our company, if you remember a number of years ago, all the changes that we made in Mediabrands and the excellent talents we brought in our Matt Freeman, Matt Siler, Richard Devine, Jackie Keller [ph] , all these people that we've added to Mediabrands clearly, we're seeing results in terms of new business wins an increase in scope from existing clients. It's really helpful to us in terms of client relations as well as profitability and of course, cash flow. There's no question that what's happening in the marketplace, that's what we've talked about in terms of integrated offerings. If we're not having integrated offering that combines the new media, the media offering as well as creative and all the different things that we bring to the table, that's what clients are demanding and that's the point of making the kind of investments we've made in Mediabrands. And we see a number of our clients, the media part of our business is driving our business. And then we're using that as the portal, if you will, to bring in the other resources. So I think, certainly, media has a main seat at the table now. I remember in the early days, media was always sort of in the back of the table and the last to present. Now it's part of the front and all the integrated offerings that we're having. So we're very excited about what's happening on the media side and our offerings in the Mediabrands. And particularly, initiative in UM and the diversified. So new social media and networking are all part of that. And all the new things that are out there, which our agencies use as a key competitive advantage in the marketplace. So we're excited about it.
Frank Mergenthaler: And from a cash flow perspective, Matt, you're very well aware. As media grows, it's cash generated. We're not going to guide to where working capital in the fourth quarter, because that's the point in time and it's very volatile. For the year, we'll be cash flow positive from an operating perspective, and we'll also going to be taking care of some maturities this quarter. And we deligate the first in the first quarter, I think the aggregate number for those two is $500 million. So from a cash perspective, we feel pretty good going into the fourth quarter.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: And then back on the incentive topic for just a moment. It looks like the quarter there was a true-up based on your revised expectations for the business. Does that catch you up for the fourth quarter as well based on a reset of your expectations for the balance of the year? And then position you're in good shape and hit your margin targets or just sort of say, elevated.
Frank Mergenthaler: It's 3.5% to 4% revenue for the year is the right number. So we can see where we are for nine months. and that's going back into the fourth quarter. I mean It's not a one-quarter catch-up you project where we're going to be for the year and then you step up your accruals so that we appease the carries over the fourth quarter. But we still believe 3.5% to 4% is a reasonable number.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I'm going to go away from the earnings report and ask about the reports that I think confirmed by one side, at least. You're switching over providers from Donovan to MediaBank for back office software. Can you give us a little bit of color on that decision? And then maybe looking ahead, if you give us some thoughts on how those sort of traditional tools can come together with some of those things you're doing elsewhere in technology, particularly on the media buying front and places like Cadreon?
Michael Roth: Well, clearly, I think we've been on the front ending and leading the pack, Cadreon and all the media buying opportunities that we see. That's why we formed diversified Mediabrands and diversified and brought Matt Freeman in to focus on the new media. And obviously, these platforms are an important part of us distinguishing ourselves from the competition. Clearly, our relationship with Microsoft and the work we're doing with them in terms of the various platforms that are out there are being very helpful in terms of our growth in servicing our clients. This switch from Donovan, I mean, we're always looking for best platforms and what's best in the marketplace. We're never read it from one to the other. But when we make a decision like that, it obviously factors in where we think the business is going, and which of these platforms are best suited for us in the marketplace. And frankly, the people who are living with that day to day are the ones who drive that decision. That's not a decision that comes from corporate, but obviously, to make that kind of switch focuses on the needs of their business and where they see it going.
Frank Mergenthaler: Dan, it's also worth noting from a technology perspective, our strategy is set by our technology board that's comprised of corporate leadership, participation from the agencies. So as we move to greater leverage of share function, share technology in things like back office in some of our other systems, this is that a debate internally. And I think we're now making decisions with the collective view as opposed to kind one-off decisions with them at the agency level.
Operator: Our final question today is from Rich Tullo at Albert Fried and Company.
Rich Tullo - Albert Fried and Company: Martin Agency and Mr. Adams they do great work down there and that's probably one of the more undiscovered agencies in the country. Is it fair to say, FX is going to be a favorable tailwind in 2011 if rates remain at current levels?
Frank Mergenthaler: Rich, I don't think we can comment on that yet. For the year, it's going to be -- for 2010, it's relatively negligible. But right now, we're just starting -- we're in the middle of the planning process. We haven't informed to be on where FX is going to be as of, yet.
Rich Tullo - Albert Fried and Company: And kind of a related question, as we look at McCann and the turnaround, where the growth is going come from in 2011, is that more of a global story than a U.S. story?
Michael Roth: Well, clearly, McCann has a very strong presence in the U.S. But a significant part of the McCann client base is global multinational clients. So I think the answer is it's both, and obviously, there's strength in terms of servicing multinational clients and the distribution and offerings across the world that they provide is critical to the success. So I think it's both and certainly the multinationals are leading the pack on that. And thank you for all participating and I agree, the Martin Agency is -- I think it's no longer a hidden drill of being recognized as the Agency of the Year. So we're delighted to be down there, and we look for forward to the next call. Thanks for your support.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael Roth - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Jerome Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Matthew Walker - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Peter Stabler - Crdit Suisse AG Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Corporation James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc. Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome Leshne: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning, we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company, which are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you, all, for joining us as we review our results for the second quarter and first half of 2010. I'll begin by covering the headlines of our performance. Frank will then take us through the financial results. After his remarks, I'll return with specific observations relating to the agencies and closing comments before we move on to the Q&A.  Overall, it's fair to say that we're quite pleased with second quarter performance that was strong on both the top and bottom line. As reported, revenue increased 9.7% in the quarter, and revenue was up 8.5% organically. The improvement relative to last year is significant, as is the sequential change from the first quarter. As was the case in the first quarter, we saw results strengthen month-to-month during Q2. We also saw contributions pretty much across the board in terms of geography, client sectors and across our portfolio of agencies. Of course, it should be noted that the severity of the downturn last year means we had the benefit of favorable comps this quarter. Nonetheless, organic revenue increase of 13.6% in the U.S. clearly shows that the signs of economic recovery are giving clients greater opportunities to engage in marketing spend.  Activity in developing regions are continue to pick up, and we experienced double-digit organic growth in Brazil, China and India during the second quarter. While Europe showed sequential improvement, we remain cautious about the situation in that region, and the European recovery is not factored into our budgets or operating plans for 2010.  In terms of client sectors, growth in the quarter and year-to-date has been very strong in the Auto, Retail and Financial Services sector. With the major challenges that we all faced in 2009 seemingly behind us, companies in every industry are increasingly looking forward. They are asking our agencies for innovative new programs and integrated, multi-agency solutions that can help them win market share by fully engaging consumers in today's complex media landscape. In fact, all of the major client sectors we track are up for both the quarter and the first half, except for the Tech and Telecom sector, in which, as we previously mentioned, lost assignments with some large clients in 2009 will weigh on our results for the balance of the year by approximately 1%.  Our pipeline is solid at the regional and local level and at all our major agencies. On a trailing 12-month basis, we remained net new business positive through the end of the second quarter. All told, our top line performance is ahead of where we had experienced it to be at this point in time. That's a reflection of the strength of our offerings and our people, as well as the broader-economic stabilization and recovery in a number of major world markets.  And speaking to clients and our operating unit leadership, we're consistently hearing that the tone of the business is improving. But there is still a high degree of macro uncertainty as well as concerns domestically about jobs and consumer confidence. So we remain very conservative in how we manage the business and highly focused on our cost discipline.  The work we've already done in that regard was evident in the second quarter's very strong profitability. Our operating income of $177 million was significantly improved from $97 million a year ago. Q2 operating margin of 11% was well above last year's 6.6% in the comparable period. Earnings per share were $0.15 compared to $0.04 in the second quarter of 2009. From 2006 to 2008 we put into public on a path of dramatically improved margin performance. During the first half of this year, as we emerge from the recession and return to a more normal business environment, we are demonstrating the capacity to get back on that positive margin trajectory.  Another area in which our focus and hard work is bearing fruit is our long-standing commitment to conservative balance sheet management. Financial strength and flexibility have been key to our success, initially, as we retooled our company and more recently, as we moved through last year's severe economic problems. This approach has once again been validated, as we've seen upgrades from major credit rating agencies during the past few months.  We also successfully negotiated an amended revolving credit facility that provides greater latitude for us to put cash on the balance sheet to work directly in the service of our shareholders. We recently completed the buyback of a majority of our convertible preferreds. As we continue to see improvements in the broader economy and in our operating performance, we will remain focused on opportunities that allow us to use the strength of our balance sheet to enhance shareholder value.  At this point, let me hand over things to Frank for an in-depth look at our first half performance.
Frank Mergenthaler: Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast and is available on our website.  On Slide 2, you'll see an overview of the quarter. Results exceeded our expectations from both revenue and operating profit. We maintained effective discipline over expenses and attained significant year-over-year leverage on base payroll and occupancy expense. We also experienced significantly lower severance.  Michael mentioned the significant improvement in our operating margin compared to last year's second quarter. Looking back a bit further, our 11% margin this quarter is comparable to Q2 of 2008, even though revenue was $200 million lower this year due to the intervening recession. It's also worth noting that we concluded the quarter with $1.9 billion in cash and marketable securities and completed a successful buyback of the convertible preferred shares in May.  Turning to Slide 3, you can see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in more detail on the slides that follow. It's worth noting that our diluted EPS of $0.15 treats the benefit of $26 million related to our convertible shares transaction as dilutive to earnings, which is to say, the calculation of diluted earnings per share backs out that benefit. Buying back the preferreds eliminates $16 million of annual dividends or approximately $0.03 per share and reduces dilution overhang by 22 million common share equivalents.  Turning to operations on Slide 4, beginning with revenue. Revenue in the quarter was $1.62 billion, an increase of 9.7%. Compared to Q2 '09, exchange rates had a positive impact of 1.1%, and the net impact of acquisitions was minimal.  Our organic revenue change was an increase of 8.5%, attributable to spend from existing clients as well as net new business. Among the primary drivers were 13.6% organic growth in the U.S. as well as double-digit growth globally in the Auto, Retail and Financial Services sectors.  The Food, Beverage, Packaged Goods and Health and Personal Care verticals also enjoyed solid growth. Tech and Telecom results continued to weigh on our consolidated growth, but we did see the impact of lost assignments in 2009 begin to diminish compared to recent quarters.  In Continental Europe, we saw substantially better sequential performance, that is, much less negative compared to Q1. We were pleased to see continued growth in Lat Am which looking back a year ago, also grew in Q2. We have solid results in Asia Pac. The U.K. decreased due to certain event assignments a year ago that did not repeat in the quarter. Ill have more on the region in a moment.  For the first six most of the year, organic growth was 3.1%. On the bottom half of the slide, you can see the revenue performance of our operating segments.  At our Integrated Agency Networks, the organic change was 8.8%. Growth in the U.S. was significantly stronger than in international markets as a whole, with leadership by Mediabrands, Draftfcb and Lowe & Partners, including Deutsch.  At our CMG segment, revenue increased 6.7% on an organic basis. Double-digit growth in the U.S. included strong increases in Events and Public Relations.  Slide 5 provides a breakdown of revenue by region. In the U.S, the organic increase of 13.6% was due to broad participation across client sectors, with a notable rebound in the sectors that had decreased most dramatically a year ago, such as Auto and Financial Services. Domestically, we had growth at all our major integrated agencies and marketing service specialists.  Internationally, revenue increased 1.6%, which is a very different picture from Q1. The U.K. decreased organically by 7.6%. The decrease is attributable to assignments in our Event business a year ago that did not repeat. Excluding Events, the U.K. increased by 5%, led by Mediabrands and Draftfcb. In Continental Europe, the organic decrease was 1%. Amongst our largest markets, revenue increased in France, was essentially flat in Spain but down in Germany and Italy.  In Asia Pac, organic growth was 4.7%, with double-digit percentage increases in China and India, partially offset by continued softness in Japan. Organic growth in Lat Am was 6%, led by growth from existing clients. Our Other Markets region grew 10% organically with growth in Canada, South Africa and the Middle East.  On Slide 6, we chart a longer view of organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. While still negative, the most recent data points show a dramatic move in the right direction, in light of Q2 performance and the roll-off of a very challenging Q2 '09.  On Slide 7, we take a closer look at operating expenses. Q2 operating margin was 11% compared with 6.6% a year ago. Salaries and related expense decreased to 61.3% of revenue from 65.7% in Q2 '09.  Total SRS was $991 million compared with $968 million, an increase of 1.6% organically compared with our 8.5% organic revenue increase. Underneath that strong result, there were a number of moving pieces. Base payroll, benefits and tax was 50.8% of revenue compared with 55.6% a year ago. So with the revenue growth, we were able to leverage base pay by nearly 500 basis points.  At the same time, we continue to invest, buying [ph] areas of growth in the portfolio, such as Digital at R/GA, HUGE and MRM, Mediabrands, Draftfcb in North America and Public Relations.  Headcount at quarter end was 40,700 compared with 41,200 a year ago. Severance expense was $17 million, which is a normal range for Q2, compared with $30 million a year ago or 1.1% of revenue this year compared with 2% in the prior year. Incentive expense in Q2 was 3.4% of revenue compared with 3.0% last year. The comparison reflects a higher accrual for our annual incentive program as a result of the above plan performance year-to-date as well as below plan results in the year-ago period.  Temporary labor expense was 3.4% compared with 2.6% a year ago to support growth. All other salaries and related expense was 2.6% of revenues compared with 2.5% a year ago.  Trade-offs and general expenses on the lower half of the slide. O&G was $449 million, an increase of 9.8% and 8.4% organically. The increase was mainly due to higher pass-through expenses, which were offset in revenue, due to the growth of the Project businesses, such as Events in the U.S. O&G expenses were 27.8% of revenue compared with 27.7% last year.  Within O&G, we had significant leverage on occupancy expense, which was 7.4% of revenue compared with 8.5% last year. This was a result of both revenue growth and decreased rent expense, as a result of real estate efficiencies achieved over the past 12 months. Professional fees were unchanged as a percentage of revenue. Expenses due to travel, entertainment, office supplies and telecom increased slightly as a percentage of revenue, resulting from the general pickup in business.  On Slide 8, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis. This tracks our progress between '06 and '08, the recession in 2009 and now our upward trend in the first half of this year. As we have said previously, our objective this year is better than 8% with organic top line growth, which will put us back on the track of aggressive margin expansion towards our ultimate goal of fully competitive profitability.  On Slide 9, you see our debt maturities schedules as of June 30. This picture is substantially unchanged from the beginning of the quarter, with total debt of $1.9 billion. In April, we repurchased $21 million of our November 10 floating rate notes, as we mentioned on our last call. That transaction means $193 million of the November maturity remains outstanding. Our plan is to pay those notes from cash on hand. And as a reminder, we repurchased approximately $200 million in debt in both 2008 and 2009.  Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 10. We ended the quarter with $1.9 in billion cash and short-term marketable securities on the balance sheet compared with $1.8 billion a year ago. Included in the activity in Q2 that I just reviewed, over the past 12 months, we have used a total of approximately $370 million to repurchase debt and convertible-preferred stock.  On Slide 11, we turn to cash flow from the quarter. Cash from operations was $354 million, compared with $234 million in Q2 '09. With the improvement due to the increase in net income and a stronger working capital result. Investing activity used $22 million compared with the use of $36 million a year ago. DLKW [Delaney Lund Knox Warren] closed in July so is a Q3 event. Financing activities used $300 million, reflecting a convertible preferred transaction.  In summary, on Slide 12, we are pleased with our performance year-to-date. In terms of organic growth, Q2 was our strongest quarter in many years, though admittedly against a forgiving comp. The growth we've begun to see has enabled us to leverage structural efficiencies that we put in place over the past few years. Of course, as economic conditions improve, there will be higher-level investment to support growth. As a result, we will continue to manage expenses carefully, with a focus on delivering our services efficiently. This will allow us to continue delivering on the margin expansion and increased profitability that we believe is achievable going forward.  Now I would like to turn the call back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. On our last call, we said that we were feeling increasingly confident about the revenue prospects for the business. As you can see, the second quarter provided additional indications that we've come through the worst of the impact of economic crisis.  We now expect to see positive organic growth for the year in 2010. Of course, there are always macro-effect factors that are beyond anyone's ability to control, and this remains very much the case at this time in the world economy. However, we believe that we're well positioned to achieve our objectives going forward.  We continue to demonstrate that we have a firm hand on the business. This was evident in 2009, when we consolidated much of the margin progress made in recent years, despite significant challenges created by the recession. And we have demonstrated it thus far this year, as we begin to once again build momentum behind increased margins and profitability. We're also encouraged because the state of our professional offerings is, on the whole, very strong. Across our agencies we continue to invest in capabilities that help us meet the evolving needs of clients in an increasingly fragmented and technology-driven marketing world.  Talent remains a strategic priority and an area in which we are seeing success in terms of both our recruitment efforts and our development programs. Our performance, when it comes to the majority -- major industry honors and agency of the year awards that were announced earlier this year, was terrific, with exceptional showings from our media and digital agencies, our PR firms, as well as Draftfcb.  Once again, Mediabrands and Draftfcb were the leading drivers of our success during the quarter. We're seeing Mediabrands roll out leading-edge specialty and digital capabilities around the world, notably in growth markets such as Brazil and India.  Initiative is strengthening its international operations and its management bench. The string of wins at UM continues with L'Oreal and Burberry during quarter, followed by Wells Fargo in July. Draftfcb's integrated channel-neutral model is now fully operational in the key world markets.  1. The State Farm win in April was significant for them, as are new international assignments from Yum! Brands and the recent arrival of a new leader for its China operations. The agency's global management is fully aligned and focused on the strategic plan that will take the merger to a new phase of global growth.  The performance of Health Care also continues to be a standout. At McCann Worldgroup, new leadership is in place, and were working to harness the power of the industry's premier global network and its full range of allied marketing service agencies. There have already been some changes and additions in the senior ranks, and the management team is focused on continuing to evolve their offering to create leading-edge marketing solutions for their clients. Wins such as IHOP, hire for the Shanghai Expo as well as continued expansion of the General Motors relationship at MRM were also positive signs during the quarter.  Lowes turnaround keeps showing real progress. The agencys relationships with major multinational clients are strong, and profitability continues to improve. The merger with Deutsche in North America will create a strong hub from which to pitch global opportunities as the recovery takes hold.  Equally important, the acquisition of DAKW (sic) [DLKW] will provide Lowe with a top-five U.K. presence, a strong client list and a seasoned and cohesive management team that is eager to participate in international opportunities. At CMG, we're fortunate to have exceptional agencies, such as Weber Shandwick and GolinHarris in the PR space, that consistently deliver great thinking and programs to our clients.  Our results demonstrate that were winning share in the space. Were also seeing a great deal of digital activity in PR, and all of the marketing service agencies within CMG, such as Jack Morton and Octagon, and are building best-in-class social media and word-of-mouth practices.  Our digital agencies, from specialists like MRM, R/GA and HUGE, to capabilities within our media agencies and fully integrated agencies and specialty agencies, such as our Healthcare, continued to perform very strongly. Within our group of leading-integrated U.S. independents, the Martin Agency and Hill Holliday continue to win and deliver great results.  We've also seen a number of good wins at Mullen and Gotham, including JetBlue and some work for Chrysler. This combination of forward-looking agencies and highly disciplined financial management will always be the key to our long-term success. With revenue stability and growth solidly back in the picture, we feel we're very well positioned to deliver on our operating margin objective of better than 8% for the full year.  We have the talent and the tools to benefit from a broader recovery and we're proving that we have the ability to convert revenue growth into bottom line results. But we've always been clear that it's not advisable to extrapolate the future from a single quarter or performance.  In recent weeks, we've seen key economic indicators in flux, and there's still uncertainty due to the situation in Europe, to consumer sentiment and job outlook and continued volatility in the financial markets. That is why we believe it's responsible to continue to be conservative in how we manage expenses and in our outlook for the business for the remainder of 2010.  In sum, we're very encouraged by our company's strong performance for the quarter and for the half year, and we are pleased by the improvement in the tone of the business. This will be a year in which we return to growth and to a trajectory of strong margin expansion. We'll continue to look for ways to put our cash to work to enhance shareholder value. And as the recovery fully takes root and becomes more widespread, we will ideally be positioned to significantly grow profitability and further increase shareholder value in 2011 and beyond.  And with that, I thank you, all, for being with us, and open the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan Chase.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: First, did the month-to-month improvement that cited continue so far in July? And then a second question is just really drilling down on the Auto category, or your new business. Am I fair to assume that the piece of the Chevy business that was announced to move has not moved yet, so its still in the numbers this quarter? But the Chrysler media business that you did win, that's also in the numbers? Is that a fair assumption?
Michael Roth: First of all, our business is very seasonal. And obviously, July is not as a strong month, historically, as June. We had a very strong June. So although we don't have final results for July, I would suspect it's not going to be as strong as June. But that's not a surprise for us, and it's not inconsistent with our history in terms of our business. As far as the Auto sector, weve had strength. I mean, the strength in our Auto sector for the year and for the quarter reflects our wins at VW as well as increased spend at Hyundai and General Motors, in general, including MRM. As I indicated in the first quarter, the significance of it is not just Campbell-Ewald and Chevy. And as we indicated, the loss of that business is not a significant number to us. But we haven't seen any significant reductions in Campbell-Ewald to date.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just a follow-up on the Event business. You mentioned a rebound in the U.S. I'm assuming from your comments on the U.K that you're not quite seeing a rebound in the Event business yet in Europe? I guess, is that correct? And when do the comps get a bit easier in the Event business in the U.K.?
Michael Roth: Well, as Frank indicated, we had a onetime event last year in the quarter in the U.K. But even with that said, were still not as strong over there as we are in the United States. And, obviously, the comps will get a little bit better with respect to the event. In the United States, they had a very good quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Chesler with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: The first, lets just stick on the topic of revenue. It was, obviously, a really strong sequential improvement in revenue from the first quarter to the second quarter, over 11% improvement. How sustainable is that? As I look back historically, that's a bigger sequential move than I've seen in the past. Can you give us some examples, real-world examples, that help explain how the business can improve so -- of that magnitude from one quarter to the next?
Michael Roth: Well, what we said in the first quarter, I mean, the three sectors that are driving this are Auto, Retail and Financial Services. Those are significant improvements. And frankly, last year they sort of slowed down more than others. So the reason that you can see this, is obviously in those sectors, we're participating in a significant increase in spend. So that's reflected in the numbers. The sustainability of this kind of growth, obviously, we're cautious in terms of the rest of the year. We still, nonetheless, if you recall, we had previously said, we thought on a flat-to-slightly positive organic for the year, we can deliver at least 8% margin. What we're saying now is we believe we will certainly be positive for the full year on organic, which means it's better than slightly positive. And we say our margins should be 8% or better. So we are cautious in the rest of the year. And I don't think you should assume that what we achieved in the second quarter is going to continue throughout the full year. There is cyclicality in our business, and we will experience that. But nonetheless, we believe this should be a very good year for us.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: Frank, if you did a postmortem on the success youve had taking out costs from the business during the downturn, could you quantify broadly how much of the expense reduction you think was permanent out of the cost base as opposed to revenue declines, such that when revenue comes back, we shouldnt see cost those sort of costs, we should see a permanent reduction in the cost structure?
Frank Mergenthaler: Matt, on the O&G, the various components of that, we would like to think that most of that is permanent. Weve become very disciplined across the board in the line items that drive the aggregate O&G. And weve been out there saying that the key metric we look to is O&G as a percentage of revenue. And it wasnt that long ago, it was north of 30%. Now it's sub 30%, and we're chipping away at it, but I think our expectation is that well continue to manage that aggressively. The real key is on the salary line. We saw great leverage when growth came back into the equation this quarter on our base salaries. And while you're going to have to invest behind that growth, and you will see the salary line move to track that growth, we do believe a lot of the progress we made in reducing that cost base, we'll see it in greater conversion when the revenue comes back on stream. But for profitability, that's going to be the key area that we need to continue to manage very aggressively.
Michael Roth: We will continue to invest in terms of people in the growth markets, which is why we've added, if you look at R/GA, if you look at HUGE, you look at MRM, you look at PR businesses, these are our -- these -- and some parts of Draftfcb, domestically, these are our growth areas that we will continue to invest behind. And that's going to reflect, obviously, in the cost structure. But what we're looking at is making sure that when we do add these people, theyre revenue-facing and they're consistent with margin targets we set out with respect to our business units. Let me also add that the other part of -- the encouraging factor is, we used to get criticized for being too heavily weighted in Packaged Goods and Health and Personal Care. And we've seen in the second quarter those two sectors perform nicely as well. So on your question of sustainability, I think it bodes well for us on the Package Goods and Health and Personal Care that we're seeing spending in those sectors as well.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: I like the comparison you made from Q2 margins, 11%, to 2Q of 2008, 11%, a couple of hundred million dollar less revenue base. When you look towards the second half of 2010, how are you comparing that in your minds to how the second half of 2008 shook up? I mean, would you think that achieving those sort of margins would be a -- something you're striving for or that you feel that you could do better?
Michael Roth: We'll probably get three different ways of asking the same question, in terms of what our margin expectations are for the year. Look, I think if you factor in what Frank was just talking about, if you factor in the cost discipline, if you factor in growth in our various sectors, obviously, we're going to manage our business to maximize margins for the rest of the year, which is why we say they're going to be 8% or better. It would be silly for us to put numbers out there, but needless to say, we're very pleased with the performance for the first half.
Operator: And our next question comes from Peter Stabler with Credit Suisse.
Peter Stabler - Crdit Suisse AG: You mentioned the improvement in June, and it sounds like it was quite remarkable. And then I'm looking at the base benefits and tax leverage that you mentioned. I'm just wondering whether you really are benefiting here from not having to hire and that perhaps your June performance was more skewed than perhaps some of your competitors. Can you give us a sense on whether hiring in July has just accelerated that significantly over June and whether we might see some slippage there?
Michael Roth: I don't agree with the premise that you said. We added significantly in terms of our headcount in the quarter. In fact, I think we were up over 500 people. So it's not that we werent spending to recruit in the quarter and then were all of a sudden going to get a huge rush of recruiting in July. I think what weve said is that our recruiting will follow the revenue, okay? So -- and then that's exactly what we've done. So I don't think you're going to see a huge bump in July since we didn't hire them in June, if that's what your question is.
Peter Stabler - Crdit Suisse AG: And then another question on McCann. You mentioned the progress in MRM a couple of different times. Can you give us a sense of how widely the performance varies within the Worldgroup portfolio?
Michael Roth: Yes, look, I think the Worldgroup, it's a global network, it's fully integrated, it has all the disciplines. There are markets that, obviously-- which is consistent with the overall economic environment, for example, Europe. That's an area that weve already indicated we have to focus on. We've made some personnel changes over there. We added to the talent. And frankly, we're encouraged by the recovery in the U.K. As Frank indicated, absent events, we were positive in the U.K. So we're looking for improvement, certainly in the Worldgroup over in Europe. And that's an opportunity for us. In the United States, it continues to be a very strong force. And obviously, if you look at our major clients and spending is up, a significant amount of those major clients are with the Worldgroup. And that's what the Worldgroup does best, and that is global clients with full integrated offerings.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: So all right, I think this is a fair way to ask it. I think what you guys have said before was that in the context of sort of flattish growth, you think you could do the 8%. What kind of growth would it take to get material expansion on top of that? Like, I don't think we're asking you to give us a target, but I think what we are asking for is if you could grow, right, mid, low single digit. If you could do mid singles, what could you do in the context of margin? Thats question one. Then, I think a less difficult question would be, also what kind of pricing environment are you seeing, did you see in the second quarter and in the third quarter? Is it improving, are you seeing a little bit more leverage with respect to the client base? Or are you still kind of in the same place that you feel like youve been in the last couple of quarters?
Michael Roth: Yes, a fair question, and let's look at this way. If you recall, before the recession hit, our target was to be competitive from a revenue point of view and achieve double-digit margins. Okay? That was our goal. We were tracking towards that, and in that context, we were looking at a 4% to 5%, maybe 6% organic growth to achieve double-digit margins and competitive margins thereafter. That is still true for us. So if we achieve competitive margins in the range of 4% to 5%, our goal is to manage our profitability to achieve competitive margins. Now your next question, was it going to be about what time frame? And obviously, that will be subject to the overall macroeconomic environment. But that has been our goal, it will continue to be our goal and were comforted by the results that were showing both from a leverage point of view on the cost side as well as the competitiveness of our offerings. As far as pricing goes, we haven't seen a huge release in terms of the activity of procurement or of clients focusing on getting more for less. That will continue. It's continued and will continue. But the other side of it is we've managed to be much more efficient in how we deliver our results. Clients are demanding the efficiencies. And frankly, clients are looking for performance, and I think that's part of what you're seeing. If we can prove performance relating to our offerings, then, I think we'll see not a total relaxing of pricing but certainly a value-oriented competitive offering.
Frank Mergenthaler: And David, it's worth remembering, it's not as if we started at 8% and now weve incremental growth and were going to some other number. We started the year coming off 5.7% margins. So we've had significant margin improvement we've committed to. And we're pleased that the revenue is a better story than we anticipated. We're going to continue to aggressively manage our cost base. But to Michael's point, our goal is not what we're going to deliver in 2010. Our goal is to get to competitive margins. And it's a fair question to say, when are you willing to commit a time frame? Well, we're not ready to commit to that time frame yet.
Michael Roth: Yes, and thats -- the next question that normally follows from that, are there any structural reasons why you cant achieve that number? And the answer is, no. It's a journey and, obviously, were pleased to be back on that journey.
Operator: And our next question comes from James Dix with Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: First, just on the growth side of things. I'm curious as to what your outlook is really more for the second half of the year as opposed to the first half? I mean, if you look at it by halves, your comparison is, if anything, slightly easier in the second half...
Michael Roth: Right.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: ...than in the first. So is it reasonable -- I know you didnt expect quarterly variability, and I'm not expecting you to post another quarter, next quarter like second quarter. But is it reasonable to assume that the second half could be tracking roughly similar to what the first half did, and if not, why do you think that might be?
Michael Roth: Well, our business is a GDP-type of business. So if you could put a number out for GDP, we should fairly track, and slightly behind, but we'll track it. So if those numbers are 3% to 4%, obviously, that would not be a crazy number, but again we're not giving out any targets to that. But certainly, at 3.5% for the first six months, you don't need a huge growth in the rest of the year to accomplish that.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: And then I think I might follow up by, with -- maybe ask one about margins, since no one had actually asked one yet. I guess one way I was looking at it is, I mean, if you look at where you came in for the quarter versus what the Street was expecting, you beat by around $100 million in revenue and around $50 million in operating profit. So on that basis, your incremental margin was roughly 50%, and my understanding is for an agency group, and even an agency, 50% incremental margins is very high. So is that the right way to look at how you did in the second quarter? And if so, how sustainable is that level of incremental margin? And then, if it's not sustainable, what's a longer-term expectation that we should consider reasonable?
Michael Roth: Its an interesting way to ask the same question.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Yes.
Michael Roth: Look, I mean, 50% is, if we could take 50% conversion, well take it all day long. Okay? So I think that's an attractive number to deliver. If we deliver conversions at 30% to 40%, I think that's a good number. So if you want to build in whatever organic growth you have, then we should be trying to deliver those type of conversions. And I think if you run the math, it's consistent with the numbers we're saying.
Frank Mergenthaler: And James, you saw when revenue was declining at a rapid pace in 2009, it was very difficult to reduce your work force at that commensurate rate. And the same thing happens in reverse. When you see the pace of growth we saw in the second quarter, especially with such a strong June, its -- our folks around the world have been working some overtime. So eventually, that's going to have to normalize as we staff up to support that growth.
Michael Roth: Yes, and the other, it's the mix of our business. Remember, all our businesses arent operating at the same margins, so part of it will be, where does the growth come from? Both regionally as well as by discipline. So...
Operator: And the next question comes from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I have two questions, one for Michael, one for Frank. For Michael, with the platform in London and New York built out now for Lowe, could you maybe just update us on your thinking for some of the other hubs and whether or not we should expect some moves, either acquisitions or consolidating in maybe some other IPG agencies? And then for Frank, just to maybe give us an update on your thinking on the balance sheet, now that you've bought in a slug of the convertible preferred, and maybe where you look to do some maneuvers next?
Michael Roth: Well, certainly, the key objectives for Lowe were in New York and the U.K. And were very pleased with the solutions that weve already implemented. Clearly, the growth hubs for Lowe are in China, India and South America. Weve already built up our investments in India, and that will continue. Obviously, we want to focus on some digital offerings in India and Latin America. And China is the place, I mean, and that's where we would hope to grow, frankly, all of our offerings, not just Lowe. So thatll be a key focus for us going forward.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Dan, on the balance sheet, we're pleased with where we are as of the end of June. We were pleased at the strong cash position we ended, even taking into account the redemption of the preferreds. We've got a maturity coming at us in the third quarter, which we'll deal with, with cash on hand. And I think as we demonstrated with our move on the converts, we're constantly evaluating ways to use our balance sheet to generate shareholder value. And we weigh that with working with our colleagues at the ratings agencies to ensure that -- investment grade is still an objective of ours, and we're managing our way towards it. So a lot of options, and you can expect that well continue to evaluate what's the right answer for driving shareholder value.
Michael Roth: The other part of that answer is, do we see using that to do any large acquisitions? Right? I mean, that's the other part of it. And as we've said, we don't have any big holds on our offerings. So we'll be very strategic in both discipline as well as geographic area. And I think what you saw in the U.K. is an of example that. We've used about $150 million as an objective in terms of acquisitions, and we're consistent with that in our overall plan. So there isn't a need for us to take that cash and go out and buy a huge traditional agency or a digital, whatever. We will use our cash to invest in our businesses, do strategic acquisitions and, as Frank indicated, focus on our ratings and our balance sheet.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matthew Walker from Nomura.
Matthew Walker - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: I just have sort of three geographic questions. The first was on the U.K. You mentioned it would be excluding events. The first question is when do events in the U.K. stop being able a drag? Second question is on Continental Europe. I think the comp for second half in Continental Europes something like minus 15. You mentioned that your budget doesn't include a recovery in Europe, but I was hoping you could give some hints on what your budget does include for Europe. And last question is on the U.S. Of the -- in common, I guess, with some of the other agencies, the scope of work is increasing quite a lot in the U.S. And there have begun to some concerns about the U.S. economy. Has the language of the clients -- it doesn't sound like it, from your comments at all, in fact quite the opposite. But I was wondering, have some of the U.S. clients begun to sort of moderate their language about increasing scope of work because of the growing uncertainty about the U.S?
Michael Roth: Well, the answer to the U.S. is we haven't seen it, but every CEO that's looking at this environment is cautious about whether another shoe is going to drop or worried about a double dip. Frankly, our numbers don't indicate any double dip. And certainly, when you look at our clients' cash positions overall, they certainly will have the money to spend in marketing dollars. And this is a great opportunity, even if there is a pullback, to gain market share. We actually saw even last year some of our clients who had the cash looking at it as an opportunity to gain market share. So yes, there's caution. And the caution basically turns to us and say, be more effective and targeted in the offerings that youre giving us. So theres a lot of dialogue about ROI. There's a lot of dialogue about measurement, targeted spend on the media side. Do you have the ability to really focus on our marketing dollars in terms of the objectives we're looking at with respect to audiences, which is why on the technology side, we've made the kind of investments we've made in Mediabrands, Cadreon. All these new media, ad server, ad exchanges, if you will, will enable us to target those marketing dollars and give our clients comfort in terms of the ROI with respect to the dollar. So even if there is a pullback in the economic environment, we can show our clients that spending these dollars is going to provide an ROI. That's where this business has come to, and that's why we're investing as much as we are in the technology side of our business. And it's just not on Mediabrands, it's in all our agencies. On the Events side, I think our comps, they should be relatively straightforward going forward, right?
Frank Mergenthaler: They should be, but Matthew, its worth noting, the Events business, its not as if there was a systemic decline in the U.K. These events, there were two of them actually, large, one was government and one was private sector. We knew they weren't going to repeat. That's the nature of the Events Business. It does create volatility. Every year, an awful lot of their revenue book they've got to go out and sell again. So it's a volatile business, but it's for us, it's very strategic, and it's profitable. And it's one that we're pleased to be in.
Michael Roth: At the end of 08, the Events business, I mean, it just -- and the Project business just stopped. I think the tone in the Events business right now is positive, and our second quarter results reflect that. So that's encouraging, and again, our pipeline is solid. So I wouldn't suspect that we have a major fall-off unless there is a severe cutback in the overall economic situation.
Frank Mergenthaler: And on the rest of Europe, youre right, the back half of the year was very challenged and we've seen sequential improvement Q1 to Q2. But I think it would be premature on our part to look to the back half of the year and anticipate anything other than there's still risk in that market.
Matthew Walker - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Just a quick follow-up on the U.K. Should we therefore assume -- I mean, Im just struggling to work out when exactly I put a positive growth number for the U.K.
Michael Roth: You should be giving us the answer to that.
Matthew Walker - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Well, I was just kind of wondering when these events that didn't recur, when those would cycle out and therefore, their not recurring would not actually be a problem.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, I mean, we're not going to start disclosing the ins and outs of projected events. We'll call out, as we have, when an event drives a trend line like it did in the U.K. this quarter. We called it out, and we disclosed what the normalized revenue line was. And we've done it when it goes the other way as well.
Operator: And our last question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: So I wanted to ask Frank about a couple of the, the two cost buckets that I think have come up a couple of times on the call that really helped the quarter, the base benefits in tax number and also the occupancy. So in occupancy, my understanding is you've got a lot of physical costs in there. So we're seeing -- did it make sense for that to be a lagging sort of cost line as it takes time to renegotiate leases and get out of leases that you don't need. So I guess that's a question. Is that the right way to think about it? And if it is, how many more quarters or how much longer do continue to benefit from sort of year-on-year declines there? And then that sort of a similar question on base, I think, Michael, you said you were up 500 heads year-on-year. I just wanted to check that number, because it looks like base salary was basically flat year-on-year. So I'm just trying to understand sort of the driver for the two buckets from a timing perspective.
Frank Mergenthaler: Ben, on occupancy, we've had an IPG-led real estate team in place for six years. And every real estate transaction in the world goes through that group. And they're very, very effective in their ability to negotiate and manage both growth and decline. And I think what we're seeing here is through the downturn, they were very effective in downsizing our footprint. And as growth comes back in, what you see is on the revenue metric, that theres significant improvement. So I think we've been very proactive in managing our real estate footprint around the world, and will continue to be. But as you pointed out, it's something that -- it's predicated on when leases mature and what market values are in cities. But we've been very effective in taking larger pieces of property, putting more agencies in there, leveraging our scale in certain markets. And that work is never done. So we'll continue to press it.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Anything on base and headcount worth mentioning?
Frank Mergenthaler: The comment on bases, we've had growth in it from the beginning of the year to now. It's difficult to look at Q2 '09, Q2 '10. Probably a more effective look is, is how you have done Q2 2010 or Q1 2010. And it's clear, we've been hiring against growth businesses, and we've been doing it throughout the first quarter and into the second quarter. And I think that what we're seeing in getting the base leverage is, Michael's point, the hiring were doing is against revenue, and we're being very, very efficient in managing our headcount outside of the revenue line.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: And Frank, just a follow-up on the balance sheet. Is there anything -- I know you guys talked about sort of the -- what your potential capital allocation decisions would be, but is there either a leverage target or a gross debt target or maybe anything, all free cash after working cap and any acquisitions would go to share repurchase or a return to capital? Anything you would add for us think about? Because you dont really have any maturities. You've done a great job cleaning up the balance sheet up. So I'm just wondering are youre thinking those targets.
Frank Mergenthaler: But we dont have a -- were not that precise. As to Michael's comment earlier, the first allocation of our capital is against high-growth acquisition opportunities, and then we'll tier back from there, depending on what we think will drive the most incremental shareholder value.
Michael Roth: Yes, and let me just add to that. The rating agencies, the key factor for rating agencies in terms of upticks for us going forward are going to be the sustainability and margin improvement. I mean, thats -- it's the same as our shareholders, and that is looking to make sure that there's sustainability and the targets that we're setting out are achievable. So as we move towards that, we would expect to see rating agencies take actions in support of that. And that, obviously, will flow into what we do with our balance sheet and so on. So we're encouraged by it. Obviously, we're all driving to the same thing that is, we want to enhance shareholder value. We want to be competitive in the marketplace. And obviously, we're very pleased with the results that we've been able to deliver. And we've been having our operating reviews with all of our networks, and I'm really encouraged by our talent and our opportunity to recruit and develop our people. And even with -- and with our client meetings as well, I'm getting positive feedback that weve really stepped up in terms of our offerings and our people. And that makes, obviously, us feel a lot better in terms of our ability to deliver against our objectives. And so I'm really encouraged by it. This quarter, obviously, gives us great impetus in moving forward, and we look forward to talking to you in the third quarter. So thank you, all, for your support and we'll be back at you. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes the call today. Thank you for your participation. Please disconnect your line at this time.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael Roth - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Jerome Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Peter Stabler - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc. Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerome Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 am Eastern. During this call we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company, which are subject to uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us as we review our results for the first quarter of 2010. As is customary, I'll begin by covering the headlines relating to our performance. Frank will then take us through the financial results in detail. After his remarks, I'll return with some agency-specific observations and closing comments before we move on to the Q&A. Well, as reported, revenue increased 1.2% in the quarter, and the organic revenue decline moderated to 2.9%. We were pleased to see another quarter of significant sequential improvement in our organic revenue change, which further supports our belief that the broader economic conditions have stabilized and we'll keep seeing progress as we move through 2010.  Importantly, revenue performance improved as the quarter unfolded. March was significantly stronger year-over-year than January or February. In the U.S., where we had seen over a year of quarterly decreases, our business grew 3% organically in Q1 as clients begin to increase investment in marketing activity. This was evident at a broad cross-section of our agencies. Turning to our key client sectors, it's also worth noting that looking at our standard client industry breakouts, we saw five of the seven client sectors that we track grow in the first quarter compared to a year ago. So it's fair to say that the improved tone of the business that we shared with you on our last call has begun to translate into revenue improvement in a number of markets and industry sectors. This gives us greater confidence that 2010 will be a year in which we can achieve organic performance that is flat to slightly positive and deliver on our stated goal of operating margins of 8% or better.  Since there will be so many moving parts to the economic situation, it's worth looking at our client sector results in more detail. In the Auto sector, revenue increased by over 20% during the first quarter, excluding the benefit of currency. This is, of course, significant because of auto size in our mix and the severe decreases our entire industry experienced last year.  On balance, we like what we are seeing in terms of how our agencies are performing in the category. We've had major wins in media with Chrysler and BMW; at MRM, which is building out the digital marketing infrastructure for GM globally; at Deutsch L.A. which won the very competitive Volkswagen review; and Draftfcb, which won Volkswagen's CRM business. We were sorry to see Chevrolet impact its 91-year relationship with Campbell-Ewald, but change is the name of the game at GM these days, and we have to respect that. CE will continue to work on Chevy Dealer business and other GM products such as OnStar, and will handle Chevy national assignments for the balance of this year. Of course, all of our agencies, notably McCann Worldgroup, will keep looking for other ways to build on the already existing important GM relationship going forward. It's interesting to note that during the first quarter, CE represented a very small contributor to our more than 20% growth in the sector, and for the full year, 2010 will remain on course to show growth in the Auto sector.  We also had double-digit increases with our largest Financial Service clients as a group. While a smaller sector, Financial Services also had turned negative early in the recession, but it now appears to be well underway to recovery.  As we previously indicated would be the case, the Tech and Telecom sector continued to weigh significantly on our top line in Q1 due to lost assignments from some large clients to the first half of 2009, which had a disproportionate effect on certain world regions. This is worth repeating, because the Tech and Telecom sector was responsible for our entire revenue decrease in the first quarter. Without that impact, our overall organic revenue performance would have been up slightly. Revenue from new business wins played an important part in the Q1 results as we won a number of sizable new assignments in the latter part of last year. While it's true that we had a few client losses that made news in recent weeks, our pipeline is strong, and we remain net-new-business positive on a trailing 12-month basis through the end of the first quarter.  As a direct result of recent wins, we added to our employee base in Q1, following five consecutive quarters of reductions. This is another point that signals the potential for 2010. In all, our headcount grew during the quarter by about 1.4% and was 6.2% below the year-ago levels at March 31.  Across the business, we continued to demonstrate strong management discipline. Net-net, compared to the overall organic revenue decrease of 2.9%, headcount decreased 6.3% organically from a year ago. As you can see in our results today, the effect of the cost actions we took last year continued to be evident as salaries and related expenses decreased organically by 5.7% compared to the first quarter of 2009. This improvement also reflects the normalization of severance expense this year. As a result, our seasonal Q1 operating loss was $59 million this year, an improvement from the $82 million loss in Q1 '09, and our operating margin was negative 4.4% compared to negative 6.2% last year.  Even though we see the macro-economic situation improving, we continue to believe that a conservative approach to the balance sheet will serve us well and provide maximum flexibility going forward. That's why I'm pleased to announce two important developments on that front this morning. One is an updated $650 million revolving credit facility, maturing in July of 2013. This amends the $335 million facility that had been scheduled to mature in July of next year. It's great to see that all of our banking partners in the previous facility increased their commitment as part of this updated agreement and to have five new lenders join our team. We thank them for this support.  The amendment facility has improved flexibility with respect to covenants. While the details are available in our 10-Q filing today, you will see that the updated agreement is also more flexible as it relates to our ability to increase uses of cash if we surpass certain defined credit metrics. This is consistent with our long-standing goal of moving the business forward so as to be able to put some of the cash on the balance sheet to work more directly to enhance shareholder value.  Consistent with that, this morning we are announcing a tender to purchase up to 370,000 shares of our Series B preferred stock for purchase price of up to $400 million. This transaction will reward our shareholders by reducing overhang and removing from our capital structure a significant source of potential dilution that comes from the convertibility feature of these securities into approximately 27 million common shares as well as reducing the annual amount we spend on dividends on the preferred shares by about $20 million. We plan to use cash currently on our balance sheet to pay for any preferred shares that are tendered. It's also our intention to use the cash on our balance sheet to meet our November debt maturity as we have stated previously.  At this point, let me hand things over to Frank for an in-depth look at our quarter performance.
Frank Mergenthaler: Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our webcast and is available on our website. On Slide 2, you'll see an overview of the quarter that captures many of the points Michael made from our growing confidence in the recovery to improvement in operating performance and the strength of our financial condition. Turning to Slide 3, you can see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. At this level, I will point out that operating results include approximately $5 million of expenses related to the transition to inflationary accounting for Venezuela. We have flagged the likelihood of this expense in our 10-K filing.  I would also point to the tax line. Our effective tax benefit rate in the quarter was 18% compared to last year's 25.5% rate. The lower benefit rate this year is mainly due to the establishment of a tax valuation allowance for market in Europe. In addition, the expense for inflationary accounting that I just mentioned, received no tax benefit, also lowering our effective rate. Earnings per share were seasonal loss of $0.15 compared with a loss of $0.16 in Q1 '09.  Turning to a closer look at operations on Slide 4, beginning with revenue. Revenue in the quarter was $1.34 billion, an increase of 1.2%. Compared to Q1 '09, exchange rates had a positive impact of 4.2%. The impact of acquisitions and divestitures was negative 0.1%. Our organic revenue change was a decrease of 2.9%, primarily the result of lost assignments in the Technology sector. We also continue to see the impact of scope reductions in certain markets outside the U.S. The biggest story in the quarter for us, as Michael pointed out, is that we returned to growth in the U.S.  Globally, in terms of client sectors, the top performers were Auto, Retail, Financial Services. Food and Beverages and Packaged Goods increased mid-to-high single digits on a constant-currency basis and were also significant contributors. At the other end of the spectrum, the Tech and Telecom results continue to weigh materially on consolidated revenue.  Regionally, we are pleased to see growth in Lat Am as well as the U.S., while other regions continue to show the effects of the recession and certain lost assignments in the Technology sector. I'll have more details in a moment.  On the bottom half of this slide, you can see the revenue performance of our operating segments. At our Integrated Agency Networks, the organic change was negative 3.8%. IAN grew slightly in the U.S. on the strength of Mediabrands, Draftfcb and Hill Holliday. IAN decreased outside the U.S.  At our CMG segment, revenue increased 2.1% on an organic basis. Growth in the U.S. was partially offset by decreases internationally. Our PR discipline grew mid-single digits organically, while Sports Marketing had double-digit percentage growth. The Events business, which had a very tough time last year, has stabilized and was slightly negative on a worldwide basis. Slide 5 provides a breakdown of revenue by region. At a high-level, performance in the quarter was bifurcated between growth in the U.S. and Latin Am on the one hand, and the rest of the world, which did not. In the U.S., the organic increase was 3%, and was due to factors we have already touched on: broad participation across client sectors and agency leadership by media; Draftfcb; Hill Holliday; and CMG. The negative impact of the Tech and Telecom sector was significant in this region.  Internationally, revenue decreased 1%, which includes a significant lift from currency in the quarter. The organic decrease was 11.3%. The U.K. decreased organically by 17.5%. While the market remains fundamentally soft, the decrease was exaggerated by two large event assignments in Q1 '09 which did not repeat this year. Together, they accounted for over half the decrease on a quarterly small Q1 base.  Continental Europe decreased 15.6% organically. The performance gap widened against the U.S., consistent with the perspective of our operators that the recovery is lagging there. Of our top 10 markets, seven saw double-digit decreases.  In Asia-Pac, our organic decrease was 6.5%. Here again, a single Tech client accounted for most of the change. We had solid growth in India, while China reflected the impact of lost assignments of certain multinationals. In Japan, we have a significant presence, but the overall economy continued to weigh on performance. Organic growth in Latin Am was 10%, led by growth with existing clients of Lowe and Draftfcb. Our Other Markets regions decreased 13.6% organically with softness in the Middle East, partially offset by growth in Canada. On Slide 6, we tried a longer view of organic revenue change on a trailing 12-month basis. The organic change was negative 10.4% at March 31. As you can see, performance by this measure turned up, and we anticipate that it will continue to move this trend in the right direction for the balance of the year. On Slide 7, we take a closer look at operating expenses. In Q1, total operating expenses decreased 4.7% organically. Significant lower severance, payroll and occupancy expenses were the primary drivers. Excluding the change in severance, operating expenses decreased 2.3% organically.  Q1 salaries and related expenses were $979 million compared with $997 million a year ago, a decrease of 1.7% and 5% organically. Excluding the change in severance expense, salaries and related expense decreased 2.3% organically. There were a number of moving pieces, though, as we invested in a disciplined manner behind agencies and capabilities that experienced growth. Our acquisition of Cubocc, a highly creative Brazilian digital HD, brought on approximately 100 new employees at quarter end.  Organically, we hired behind wins at Mediabrands, the Martin Agency, Deutsch in Los Angeles, MRM and R/GA. We also added headcount in our major PR firms in step with an unmistakably improved trend in that business. Importantly, base salaries, benefits, and tax decreased 6.6% organically as a result of headcount actions taken over the preceding fourth quarters and decreased 260 basis points as a percentage of revenue. This is a critical parameter for us. Headcount at quarter end was 6.2% lower than a year ago.  Severance expense was $10 million, in the normal range for Q1, compared with $42 million a year ago or 0.8% of Q1 revenue compared with 3.1% in Q1 '09 and incentive expense in Q1 was 4% of revenue compared with 3% a year ago. The comparison reflects higher equity-related, long-term incentive expense due mainly to a one-time credit in Q1 '09.  Temporary labor expense was 3.6% in Q1 compared with 2.7% a year ago, with the increase supporting new business wins and an improving business trend in the U.S. All other salaries and related expense was 2.9% of revenues, a seasonally normal level that reflects some performance-based expense. This was unusually low a year ago to 0.1% [ph] when business was slowing due to the recession. Turning to office and general expenses, on the lower half of the slide. O&G was $421 million in Q1, an increase of 2.5% but decreased organically by 2.4%. O&G expenses were 31.4% of revenue compared with 31% last year. Compared to a year ago, we were able to drive some incremental leverage on occupancy due to the real estate actions we took in 2009, and professional fees also decreased slightly as a percent of revenues. T&E and related expenses and all other O&G increased slightly as a percent of revenue. The latter includes the $5 million expense related to Venezuela. On Slide 8, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12-month basis. This tracks first, the turnaround, then the recession, and now we trust the beginning of significant margin recovery.  On Slide 9, you can see our debt maturity schedule as of March 31. This picture is substantially unchanged from the beginning of the quarter, with total debt of $1.9 billion. The $214 million that remained of our floating rate notes at quarter end have a scheduled maturity of November this year and are classified as current. In early April, not reflected in this chart, we took advantage of an opportunity to repurchase $20 million of the November maturity at slightly below par, so $193 million remains. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide 10. We ended the quarter with $1.94 billion in cash and short-term marketable securities; a strong cash position which is an increase of $283 million from a level year ago. You'll recall that in the interim, we used $200 million to retire debt in June and July last year.  In addition to cash on hand, our total liquidity position was enhanced by a $650 million committed revolving facility that Michael described. Also, you will recall that in December last year, we established new specialized letter of credit facility, which was separately supported by $63 million of LCs at quarter end.  On Slide 11, we turn to cash flow from the quarter. Cash used in operations was a seasonal use of $556 million, compared approximately equal to last year. Cash used in working capital is $483 million, also approximately the same as Q1 '09.  As a reminder, we typically use cash and working capital in Q1 due to the seasonality of our business, while typically generating cash and working capital in Q4. In the fourth quarter of '09, for example, we generated $426 million from working capital.  Investing activities provided $15 million compared with the use of $25 million a year ago. You may recall from our fourth quarter discussion that we sold an investor from an employee benefit trust, and in Q1, we collected on that receivable. Financing activities used $16 million. Seasonal net increase in cash and marketable securities in the quarter was $565 million compared with $616 million in Q1 '09.  In summary, on Slide 12, we continue to see business trend in this direction of recovery, albeit with important regional variance. We have begun to grow again in the U.S. which gave us the opportunity to leverage some of the structural efficiencies we created last year.  There is still reason for caution, given the global economic situation, so we will continue to manage our business carefully, with a focus on cost containment and margin expansion, in order to support our positioning for the strong proper growth that we believe is achievable as recovery continues. Our financial resources remain strong. This makes possible value-creating opportunities such as what Michael described earlier with respect to our tender offer for the preferreds. Cash on the balance sheet increased from a year ago, and our committed standby credit is growing. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. As you can see, the first quarter provided additional indications that we've come through the worst of the impact of the economic crisis on our business. You will remember that in our last conference call, we indicated that we thought organic growth would likely resume in late Q2 of this year. I can tell you that performance this quarter was better than we expected coming into the year, and that we are feeling increasingly confident about the prospects for growth in 2010.  There remain regional challenges. Some client sectors will take longer to recover than others, and we'll feel the drag of Tech and Telecoms for most of the year, but the potential for growth has clearly returned.  In recent meetings with our senior operating leaders and their key clients, the conversations are consistently about building brands and investing for the future, which is a marked change from last year. We are being asked to create big ideas that can serve as platforms for multi-channel communication. We are, of course, engaged in discussions about how digital technology fits into every aspect of marketing, which is why we've been embedding digital talent in all of our companies, from advertising agencies and media companies to activation, PR and CRM specialists.  Clients are particularly eager to participate in and capitalize on dynamic areas such as the social web and word-of-mouth marketing, and our agency leaders are very focused on making a strong, digital capability central to their go-to-market strategy. But above all, an important area of focus that we believe can differentiate IPG is in the delivery of seamless, integrated marketing solutions. As the fragmentation of media and the importance of technology continue to increase the complexity of engaging with consumers, the key is to be truly holistic in our approach to marketing. For every brand and every project, there's a distinct solution that best meets the clients' business objectives. Each of these solutions must incorporate deep consumer insights, both traditional and emerging media, as well as an increased emphasis on accountability and measurement.  Delivering against this mandate is something that all of our companies have at the top of their list. It's what's fueling Draftfcb's successful, fully-integrated model, which once again delivered very strong results that led the way in Q1. Lowe is partnering with a broad range of IPG agencies. The integrated approach is at the heart of what sets our U.S. independent agencies apart. And, as a group, they posted a strong first quarter. Bringing together best-in-class specialist capabilities above, below and online is also what McCann Worldgroup is all about.  We have very strong leadership at all of our agencies, terrific brands in every one of the marketing disciplines and the capacity to deliver customized teams that bring the best of IPG to bear on the clients' needs. That is the integrated offering that's required to win in business marketplace today.  We are fortunate in that we also have outstanding specialist capabilities to include in our multi-disciplined teams. At CMG, we have leading firms in areas such as sports and event marketing, branding and PR. As I said before on our calls, we see our PR assets consistently winning market share. Weber Shandwick is not only the world's leading PR agency, it is that agency's strongest global network. Both Weber and GolinHarris saw good growth and strong results in the quarter.  Within our Mediabrands offering, we have two highly competitive global networks and strength that all our companies can tap into in communications planning, retail, hyper-local marketing as well as search and new media capabilities. Our digital specialty agencies are off to a strong start this year. MRM has started to see the benefit of new business wins. R/GA and HUGE posted double-digit revenue increases. We will look to scale R/GA and HUGE on a regional and global basis during the balance of this year.  Internationally, we have leadership positions in India and the Middle East where we are well positioned to capitalize on economic recovery. We further added to our capabilities in Brazil with the acquisition of Cubocc during the quarter and earlier this week, we announced that Washington Olivetto, a creative icon in Latin America advertising, has joined McCann Brazil. The agency will be renamed WMcCann.  For the balance of the year, our focus will increasingly turn to China, which currently represents a small percentage of our business than at a number of our competitors, but we will see the potential for growth; and to Russia, where we have a long standing partnership with a powerful local player that we can increasingly seek to leverage.  We'll continue to be open to opportunities that are good strategic fits for our clients or our networks in terms of capabilities and bolstering geographic strength. As we've said previously, the combination of forward-looking agencies and highly disciplined financial management will be the keys to our long-term success.  Our financial results in Q1 showed improved revenue performance, which reflects a stronger economic climate and new business wins in the latter part of 2009. Improvements on costs were also evident in our results. As our sector emerges from the recession, however, our expectations going forward are that we feel we are well positioned to deliver on our margin objectives for the full year and beyond.  Revenue stability and growth are clearly coming back into the picture. The decision to tender for the preferred shares means that we're beginning to put our cash to work to enhance shareholder value and that we believe the positive trajectory of the business is sustainable.  We have the talent and the tools to benefit from the recovery and achieve no worse than flat organic revenue performance in 2010. This will allow us to deliver on our goal of operating margins of 8% or better and, having reestablished the aggressive course of margin expansion that we were on in 2008 before the recession hit, continue to significantly grow profitability and further increase shareholder value in the years to come. With that, I'd like to thank you for being with us and open the floor to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan Chase.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: First, when you said March was much better than earlier in the quarter, could you tell us, did March actually come in positive for you? And then on the Tech loss that you guys had from last year, what month actually did you see the bulk of the revenue fall off in?
Michael Roth: First of all, the answer to March, the answer is yes. Organic was positive; and not insignificant either. As far as the first of the month, I think it's been rated all year, but Frank?
Frank Mergenthaler: We started to see -- it hit us in Q2 of '09, Alexia, and we're going to feel the effects through most of 2010. It will start to taper off in the back half of the year, but for Q1 and Q2, it will present consistent headwind.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Can you talk a little bit about McCann? You have contended with some losses there over the last 12 months, with I guess the Tech loss being one of them, a few of which are in your top client relationships. You've also changed leadership there. I guess, can you address a bit the stability of your client base right now at that agency?
Michael Roth: Yes, McCann Worldgroup and McCann North America continue to be very strong competitors in the marketplace. We are in the process of introducing Nick Brian to all of our clients, and that is being very well received. I think, clearly, you referenced the loss in Tech and Telecom, but McCann continues to be very competitive. One of the interesting things about McCann is that they have a very strong existing client base. So a number of the improvements that we're seeing in our company are not necessarily from increases in client wins, but increases from existing clients, which is the base of the McCann Worldgroup. Nick is off to a fast start in getting the group together and collaborating in terms of what has to be addressed on a global basis. Most recently, I met with him and the whole team, and I think everyone is excited about the opportunities. And we're very confident that the McCann Worldgroup is going to continue to be the strong contributor to the IPG success.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: The good growth you saw in PR, is that pretty broad-based or is it really just from one vertical?
Michael Roth: No, I think PR is pretty well across all bases. And incidentally, it's both Weber Shandwick and Golin. I think both of those offerings are quite competitive in the marketplace, and we're fortunate to have two such strong brands.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis with Wells Fargo.
John Janedis: Can you guys talk a little bit more about Europe? How do you envision some of the credit downgrades affecting advertising budgets in those specific countries and surrounding regions, if at all? And, what are your people on the ground telling you about the outlook?
Michael Roth: Well, I think the credit downgrades affects the overall economic environment. What's important is, the significant client base we have there are companies that have very secure financial positions. And I think they -- I've been abroad there meeting with them, and their view is that this is an environment that they have to continue to invest, to build their brands and gain market share in the marketplace. And frankly, those are the conversations we're having with those clients. So I think they have the cash on their balance sheet, and we're starting to see them spending. Now that said, they are cautious. And let's make no bones about it. And I think they'll be very careful in how they deploy their capital and cash which makes it that important for us to continue to provide solutions on an integrated basis, and that's what we're doing. So I think those clients that have the cash will spend it very carefully, but they will spend it, and they do have the cash. The overall economic environment eventually affects the consumer confidence, but I do believe right now, our client base is looking to expand and grow their brands.
Frank Mergenthaler: And John, on a cost base, a disproportionate amount of our Q4 severance came out of Europe at the end of '09. So our folks have been on this throughout '09 and got more aggressive against it in the fourth quarter.
John Janedis: And so just to try to get a little more deep in terms of organic, if we take out the couple of events you guys mentioned, should we assume that kind of 1Q would mark the bottom in terms of your expectation for the year?
Michael Roth: We would hope so, but again, it's soft, and every day, something new is happening out there. So it's hard for us to say what it's going to be, but we would hope it would be the bottom.
John Janedis: One other quick question, and somewhat related to Alexias; over the past year or so, you've lost some pieces of larger accounts. Is this a trend that you expect to continue over at IPG? And to what extent has it allowed you to pitch for business that you ordinarily would maybe have a conflict doing?
Michael Roth: Its an interesting question, because it raises a whole bunch of areas, and Im glad you brought it up. First, let me address -- as the economy gets stronger, what we're seeing at our clients is they're now taking a very strong and hard look at their marketing capabilities. We're seeing changes in CMOs, we're seeing changes in CEOs, so whenever you see that kind of activity in the marketplace, it's obviously fair game for clients to be looking at their marketing partners on a going-forward basis. Now that's good and that's bad news. Obviously, it's good news when we're participating in new business pitches and we win our fair share. It's bad news when we're the recipient of change. And I think as the economy starts to unfold -- and we're going to see more and more of that activity -- and I view this as an opportunity. It just happens to be that the last couple of them that we participated in, we were on the short end. On the other side, just recently, yesterday, we announced a win at the L'Oreal media pitch in terms of North America, where we were up against a big competitor publicist [ph] which we share that client with and we won. So there are circumstances where we're going to win our fair share, and there are circumstances where, as the clients look at these things, we're unfortunately going to be on the short end of it.  I think the key here is making sure we're paying attention to our clients and offering up all the best offerings that we have as a company. And I think we're going to see that goal through the entire year. So some clients will be putting us up and our big competitors up for review. We'll be in the pitches. I am highly confident that in the pitches, we will have a seat at the table; and we're going to have to share, in turn, some wins and some losses. And the other part of it is -- other clients share their marketing services among, frankly, the big four holding companies. And some of the wins that we have, we can announce, we pick up additional business from our competitor, whether it be over in Europe or in domestic, and we don't announce those wins. So it goes to the point of the strength of our relationship with our clients, and that continues to be very strong.
Operator: Next question comes from Matt Chesler with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: Michael, a question for you or Frank even, would be: as you see growth come back into the business in certain parts of the regions, have you begun yet to have any discussions about expanding scope? And can you address whether the environment for recalling back some of the pricing concessions, if you will, if you view it that way, that you had to make during the downturn -- what's your view on the ability to recover some of that? Will it be in client willingness to accept some cost increases?
Michael Roth: Yes, that's a fair question. And I do think, although it's anecdotal, that as the business is getting stronger, the business folks are taking a stronger position versus the procurement side. That said, procurement is going to be sitting at that table, and that hasn't gone away. I think the client base has gotten a taste of the fact that procurement is a very important part of the pricing mechanism. But I do believe that we're seeing some semblance of reasoning from a business perspective coming back to the table. And I think that bodes well for us in terms of scope increases. And the answer is yes. In order to see growth from our existing client base, and in order to put forth the organic numbers that we're putting forth that we expect to see for the rest of the year, we're going to see scope increases at our major clients. And that's the key focus of where growth is going to come from, frankly. And I do think that the business aspects of this are taking a broader picture versus just the cost savings in it.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: And then on the cost side, as marketing communications goes from analog to digital, does the cost structure of your business need to fundamentally change as we emerge from the downturn? What are your comments about the margin profile, and what are you doing specifically to take advantage of the technology enhancements that's available to leverage the cost space?
Michael Roth: Well, first of all, there's no question that the talent issues concerning digital puts pressure on salaries. And we know that it's very competitive. R/GA, for example, won a significant amount of new business at the end of 2009 and they had to go out and recruit over 100 people, for example. And so therefore, it was very competitive in the marketplace from a salary point of view. The other side of that is; once you get the talent in there, digital is much more labor-intensive and therefore, we're getting a bigger piece of the pie in terms of the dollars being spent. And what we have to focus on is the efficiencies of how we produce those products. And so you see, for example, R/GA, MRM and HUGE and all of our agencies focusing on retaining as much of that money internally as opposed to going outside in terms of production. So I think you're going to see a focus on the production side, which will enable us to recover some of the increased cost as result of the talent. But, it is very competitive out there. But, I do believe that if we focus on smart ways of doing this -- for example, the Worldgroup has launched EXP, which is a global production capability where we can be much more efficient in terms of meeting the demands of our global clients. It's those kinds of structures and those kinds of things that we're looking at to increase margins.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: One of your competitors has stated recently that he thought that potentially, a greater amount of digital work could potentially be accretive to margins. Do you share that view?
Michael Roth: Yes. As long as we continue to keep the dollars and be smart about how we handle the production and content and all the parts that go into it, yes, I think the potential is there. But we have to be very careful in terms of how we manage our costs. But, no question, that's where the dollars are flowing. And we have a very critical view on how we look at the expenses that relate to that.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Stabler with Credit Suisse.
Peter Stabler - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: I was hoping you guys could compare and contrast the expense pressure on the salary line related to growth coming from existing clients; in other words, scope increases versus new business wins? I guess, to put it another way, if you're seeing growth from existing clients, the scopes increase. Is there an opportunity to increase capacity utilization and not necessarily go out and hire new heads?
Michael Roth: I mean, you put your finger on the whole story in terms of the leverage that we get from our existing headcount. Yes, and that's why I say; a critical component on our growth is through existing clients and scope increases because, yes, obviously, it's incumbent upon us to be more efficient in utilizing existing talent. So as that scope increase occurs, we don't hopefully have to go out and hire a lot of people behind that. But there's no question that we have taken hard looks at our salary components, evidenced by the actions we took in 2009, which is why you saw the increase in hires in the first quarter; because there is a certain amount of hiring that we had to do to support the new revenue. But what's important here is that the people we're hiring are: A) related to the revenue stream, and thats an important component; and two, the disciplines of the people we're hiring are much more focused on the new type of projects and revenue that we are seeing, i.e., the digital component. So it's a balancing act in terms of using existing efficiencies as well as hiring into the revenue stream. And that's really what the leverage opportunity for us is. If we can grow the revenue without proportionately increasing our salaries and SRS [ph] costs, then that's the level of the margin expansion. Incidentally, when we tell you that we think flat or slightly up for 2010 will give eight or better margin, that assumes that we're going to be able to leverage those efficiencies in terms of margin expansion.
Peter Stabler - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: A quick follow up. On the incentive accrual; I think you said it's running about 4% in the quarter. Is that a safe run rate to assume, the remainder of the year?
Frank Mergenthaler: 3.5 is probably the right number for the year, Peter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Access 342, your line is open.
Craig Huber: Frank, in the past, Ive asked you this before: this $1.95 billion in cash on your balance sheet, how much of that do you really think is your money to do what you want with it, in light of the fact that you are increasing your credit line -- basically doubling it to 650,000, which tells people that you feel you need that. But all that cash is not yours to use. The cash, you said is about  I think it was $600 million to $700 million on average over the course of the four quarters. What do you think it is today, please? And I have some follow-ups.
Frank Mergenthaler: As weve said in the past, it's all our cash. And, I think what weve said on this call today, which is a very bullish statement, two things: that were out there tendering now for a very costly security in our balance sheet and our preferreds, up to $400 million. We've also said that we've got the wherewithal to deal with the maturity, FRAs that mature in the fourth quarter for another $200 million. So there's $600 million coming off our balance sheet right there to clean up and to deleverage a balance sheet that we've been working with as this turnaround is taking hold and we get more comfortable with the direction of where we're going and where the economy is.
Michael Roth: Let me just add to it. One of the things that you can see, and frankly, one of the reasons we were holding off employing that excess cash has been consistency in our balance sheet. And I think what you've seen is, if you look at our cash line, even during a very difficult environment, the consistency in our level of cash has been presence. And the fact that we've been winning some media pitches recently bolsters that assumption in terms of the sustainability of our cash position. So therefore, we wouldn't launch the type of transaction that Frank just alluded to and we announced this morning if we didn't feel that that was sustainable going forward. And let me just reiterate, if the cash is on our balance sheet, it's ours. And I know you ask that question every call and I think we've given you the same answer. There's a certain level of cash that we have to maintain on our balance sheet, but obviously, what we announced this morning further enhances our flexibility and our comfort levels of those positions.
Craig Huber: What is that number then, roughly, out of the $1.95 billion that you feel you have to leave on the balance sheet? Certainly you can't go out there and repurchase all your debt for the entire $1.95 billion. We both know you can't bring it down to zero; your cash. I just want to get -- in the past, you guys have thought about $600 million to $700 million; that was roughly a year ago. Its obviously a little bit higher now, I assume now, just given the free cash flow, but you also paid off $200 million of debt last year. What do you think that true number is right now?
Michael Roth: Let me put it another way. Right now, we announced a tender for the 370,000 shares, which would equate to, if we get every bit of it, $400 million. And, we've also said that we will use existing cash. And, we also said that we have enough cash to meet the FRNs, the flowing rate notes, of $195 million. So, if you put the two of those together, our view is that we have enough cash to do that. So, why don't we use that as a minimum number that we think is cash that we can use to deploy? Now, whether that number is higher, as we go forward, will be a function of how the overall economic environment flows through.
Craig Huber: In Europe, your performance there, you talked about the two events in the first quarter last year that explained half the organic revenue decline in the U.K. -- even if you do adjust that course, it still lagged your peers and I just want to get a little more granular. What else exactly hurt the U.K. versus your peers year-over-year? But also, just importantly, if you can talk a little bit more about what happened in Continental Europe? We all realize the economy's bad there, but it also lagged generally versus the peers as well. I just want to get a sense with the different stories. Is it just Tech and Telecom spillover over there as well? What else can you give us, please?
Michael Roth: Yes, certainly, the Tech and Telecom's spilled over there. Frankly, which gets to the question of McCann -- McCann U.K. is a very solid offering; theyve had some business wins there and weve made some changes there in personnel and we're pleased with what we're seeing there. So I think the effect of Tech and Telecom and the one-time events that we were referring to are the key to it and the rest is going to be just general economic environment.
Frank Mergenthaler: There's no other events out there, Craig, that are worth calling out. So it's client-specific by market.
Craig Huber: In China, you mentioned a couple -- a few multinationals there. Was that the entire reason for the decline over in China?
Michael Roth: Certainly, that's a key component of it. We did win some recent -- it hasn't been publicized. We did win some business out of China. Again, as I indicated in my opening remarks, we are smaller compared to our competitors there. We have over 1,000 people there, we service our multi-national clients there, we have strong offerings; both Lowe, Draftfcb, Weber Shandwick, McCann Worldgroup. So we do have strong offerings in China and it's going to be a key focus on us for the balance of this year to see what we can do to bolster our offerings. Obviously, our media business as well. But we have to bolster our offerings in China, and it's a key priority for us in 2010.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Dix with Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: If you get a little more color into the sequential improvement you saw in your organic growth -- I don't know whether you have this number, but if you stripped out the Tech and Telecom category, how much would you have improved in the first quarter from the fourth? Because a lot of people have been trying to compare the relevant [ph] improvement of the various agency holding companies and trying to gauge what the overall industry inflection is. And then I have one follow up on that.
Michael Roth: Yes, Im glad you asked that question. It was a point that we were discussing. On the U.S. side, if you stripped out just in the first quarter -- if you stripped out the Tech and Telecom, we would've been over 5% organic growth in the U.S. So one of the questions was, how are we comparing to competitors? And so, if you pull that out, we are quite competitive in the U.S. and we're excited about this number. On a global basis 
Frank Mergenthaler:  about 1% organic growth.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: And do you know what those figures would have been in the fourth?
Michael Roth: We do not. Due to seasonality of the business, that's a tough comp.
Michael Roth: I understand. It's picking and choosing, but the fact is; it had such an impact on us and will continue to have an impact on us for the rest of 2010. I think it's fair for us to break that out.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Just looking at Europe in particular, do you have a breakout as to what your revenue exposure is from Portugal, Ireland, Italy, Greece and Spain; I won't use the acronym. And do you have any sense, as you look forward in the year, how do you see the progression of other markets returning to growth now that you've seen it in the U.S.? Who do you think is going to be next and just any color you can give on, kind of, geographic recovery?
Michael Roth: Well, certainly, U.S. -- the question was, does the rest follow the U.S.? And obviously, we have a bias on the U.S. a bit. But clearly, Latin America, India, China, and particularly in Brazil, we've seen some strong numbers and we believe that will continue to be strong. And frankly, Western Europe will lag that group.
Frank Mergenthaler: And when you look at Western, we're not disclosing specific countries. Our largest markets are the U.K., France, Spain, Germany and Italy. You're other markets youre referring to are at the lower end of the size scale for us.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Would you say that, on a consolidated basis, under 5% for those countries?
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, thats fair.
Michael Roth: That's fair.
Operator: Next question is from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Im just going to ask for Frank's broad outlook on a few expenses and cash flow items, namely stock comp, CapEx and severance.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the expense line items, we're one quarter in. When we look at how we performed versus our budget, we're pleased. We saw base salaries down organically north of 6%, we saw a little creep in temporary labor, but that's reflective of some of the new business pipelines we've seen. So, weve got to continue to monitor that. We're seeing some normalcy come back into incentive compensation. That gives you some view that the operators feel as if their operating plans for the year are still on track. So all in all, I think we feel pretty good about the expense line. But, as Michael made in the opening comments, we need to continue to be diligent about it. I think on the stock based comp number; I'm not sure I have that in front of me. And on the cutbacks number for the year and working capital; probably $100 million is a good number to model.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And on severance specifically, obviously down considerably there to about $10 million. Are there any major management moves at specific regions or agencies that would cause that to change?
Frank Mergenthaler: The 1% of revenue which weve kind of guided people to still seems like a reasonable number.
Michael Roth: And the other side is, if we start seeing that the particular region or discipline is not performing the way we are, I think we've indicated a pretty good example of well be quick to take actions to reflect our cost base in that area there.
Operator: Next question Matthew Walker with Nomura.
Matthew Walker: First is, in terms of U.K. and Europe, in which quarter would you be expecting a return to organic growth? The second question is on Tech and Telecom, is that the effect from one client? Or, how many clients is that the effect from? And then lastly, on your margin expectation, you said that the business has got off to a stronger start overall than you expected. Would you be willing to say that you can do better than 8% margins for this year?
Michael Roth: Let me answer that one first. What we said, we expect -- this is the first quarter, so we're not about to  as I always say, raise flags and say happy days are totally here again. So right now, what we say is that we should be able to do 8% or better given a flat or a slightly up organic. And, obviously, if we do better on the revenue side, we would hope to be able to do better on the margin side. We cant tell you specifically when Western Europe is going to turn positive. The issue is -- the way we look at is, on a global basis, obviously things are better and we would hope to see us return to growth sooner rather than later than when we had said before. But I can't tell you specifically. Maybe you can tell me when is Western Europe going to turn positive. But, I think overall, the trend is what we say, and thats what were comfortable with.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the Tech and Telecom question, it's not just one account it's probably six or seven accounts, of which more than half of it relates to one account.
Michael Roth: Its three bigger accounts, I think, is the way to look at it.
Operator: Our last question is for Mr. Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Tim Nollen: I have two questions, please. First is on the Chevrolet loss, could you explain a bit more what that was? My understanding was it was a number of the Chevrolet brands on the creative side. If so, it sounds like a pretty big loss. And if that's the case, do you feel like you have been able to offset that with some of the wins you've had in auto recently? Or conversely, does this position you for some other potential wins in Autos? And secondly, on the new or extended credit facility, youve got a slide showing the $335 million. I guess thats the one that now been replaced. What are the new covenants, if they are different? And, if you could comment on any use of cash please?
Michael Roth: Let me address the Chevy. The Chevy loss was actually North America, and it was the creative in North America. As I indicated, we retained the dealership business. So, in order of magnitude, we had said it's not a significant number, compared to our overall revenue. I know it sounds like it's big, but if you look at it from a North American point of view, and the fact that it's narrowed to those specific projects --look we don't like to see it being lost at all, but it's not significant. And frankly, the numbers that have been out there with respect to the estimated revenue in fact are frankly a little bit high, especially since we retained the dealership business. Which initially, there was a question as to whether that business went over, and we've had confirmation recently that it's their intention to keep the dealership business with Campbell-Ewald. So, the number is not that significant.  The other question has to do with the covenants, I think we put it in the 
Frank Mergenthaler: -- it's all in the 10-Q.
Michael Roth: And frankly, well incorporate it. Thats in the Q and O and frankly, well leave it to you looking at those numbers in our Q.
Michael Roth: Well, thank you all for participating. Obviously, a lot has happened in the first quarter. We are excited about all the opportunities that we have. And frankly, we appreciate the support and we look forward to our next call in the second quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerry Leshne  SVP, IR Michael Roth  Chairman and CEO Frank Mergenthaler  EVP and CFO
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani  JP Morgan Matt Chesler  Deutsche Bank Peter Stabler  Credit Suisse Dan Salmon  BMO Capital Markets David Bank  RBC Capital Markets Meggan Friedman  William Blair Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley James Dix  Wedbush
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings conference call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. (Operator instructions) This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website interpublic.com, and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before our market open at 9:30 am Eastern. During this call we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company, which are subject to uncertainties and the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you Jerry, and thank you all for joining us, especially in this difficult weather environment. I guess similar to our credo of our good clients at US Post Office. I will review the results for the quarter and full year 2009. I will begin by covering the headlines relating to our performance and how we see the year ahead. Frank will then take you through the financial results in detail. After his remarks, I will return with some agency specific observations and closing comments before we move on to the Q&A. As you can see, the very tough economic environment resulted in an organic revenue decrease for the year of 10.8%. Notwithstanding, we were able to deliver operating income of $340 million and operating margin, excluding incremental severance was 6.9%. It bears mention that the high level of severance in the fourth quarter reflects softer than anticipated revenue in Europe and Japan, and the fact that we werent satisfied with 2010 run rates in those regions as we moved through our planning process late last year. Earnings per diluted share were $0.19. Looking at the quarter, the organic revenue decline of 8.2% represented a sequential improvement from the previous six months. This result is in keeping with our public comment since the October conference call in which we have consistently been clear that we think the worst of the recessions impact on our business has passed. Economic conditions appear to have stabilized, and we believe that we should see improvement during the course of 2010. It is likely that progress wont be linear, but it is fair to say that it is a good time for our clients to refocus on building for the future and investing in their brands. Overall, I would characterize the tone of the business as one of tempered optimism, especially for the second half of 2010. But we have begun to see clients reengage with many of our project driven marketing service companies, and there is also a greater willingness on the part of our clients to commit to annual spending plans that wasn't the case at the end of last year. As you remember, we indicated to you that even in a flat organic environment this year, we would be in a strong position to recoup much of the margin progress made from 2006 to 2008, and then continue building on that momentum in the years to come. Those are goals we continue to believe are readily achievable. Another item of note as we review last year's performance is the degree to which our long-standing conservative approach of the balance sheet again proves to be on target. We have been building a strong financial foundation for the business for a number of years, and in 2009 we made further strides in extending our debt maturity profile, and enhancing the company's cash position. Furthermore, we continue to demonstrate our ability to effectively manage costs. For the full year, expenses were down significantly as we took over $500 million of costs out of our business. I have mentioned previously that it is not possible in such a steep downturn to cut costs in line with revenue declines and not damage the quality of the services we deliver. Nonetheless, we are pleased at the way in which our management teams around the world responded to the business conditions that prevailed last year. We acted quickly and decisively to address both fixed and variable costs. We took hard decisions on costs and did so consistently throughout the year. These actions will be critical in allowing us to return the margin improvement trajectory we were on prior to the economic downturn. It bears mention that we were able to accomplish this, while continuing to build on the quality of the talent and capabilities at our various agencies. I will have more to say about the performance of our agencies and the competitiveness of our service offering later on the call. But at the macro level, it is gratifying to point out that we are at the table winning our fair share of all major account reviews, and that our agencies are receiving a degree of industry recognition across all marketing disciplines. That clearly positions us for an eventual media and advertising recovery. With that, I've now hand things over to Frank for an in-depth look at our results.
Frank Mergenthaler: Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our website as available on our website. Before turning to the presentation, I would underscore that during the quarter we continue to be aggressive in managing our cost, which resulted in more extensive headcount reduction than we anticipated coming out of Q3. As a result of the actions in the quarter and the year, we began 2010 with the reduction in headcount of approximately 11% compared to a year ago. The managed severance expense in our operating results therefore grew commensurately. Severance was 71 million in Q4 and 166 million for the year. Excluding year-over-year incremental severance of 77 million, full year operating margins were 6.9%, which is consistent with our expectations coming out of the third quarter. That said, our structural expense improvement goes beyond headcount. While I will have more detail on Q4 expenses in a few minutes, it is worth highlighting that we moved into 2010 with a broadly disciplined cost base. The investments we have made over the last few years in talent and in tools for business insight and control will provide even greater operating leverage as market conditions improve. I would also add that we concluded the year with strong cash flow from operations, well-managed working capital and in a strong position with respect to our balance sheet and liquidity. We ended with 2.5 billion of cash and marketable securities compared with 2.3 billion a year ago, while retiring approximately 200 million net debt during the year. Diluted EPS in Q4 was $0.24 per share compared with $0.39 a year ago. For the full year that comparison is $0.19 per share compared to $0.52. Turning to slide three, you can see our P&L for the quarter. I will cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Other income was 29 million in the quarter. Approximately half of this amount was due to the expiration and settlement of certain liabilities that have been recognized in our 2004 statement with the remainder related to the sales and investments held in employee benefit trust. Turning to a closer look of operations on slide four beginning with revenue. Revenue in the quarter was 1.8 billion, a decrease of 5.3%. Compared to Q4 2008 exchange rates had a positive impact of 2.9%. The impact of acquisitions and divestitures was de minimis. Our organic revenue change was a decrease of 8.2%, primarily the result of client reductions and scope, industry fee pressure, and some lost assignments. In terms of client sectors, the top performers were retail, which increased from a year ago, packaged goods, health and personal care and financial services. It is worth noting that while auto decreased from a year ago the pace of decline slowed from Q2 and Q3. Each of the sector changes I just mentioned also showed improvement sequentially compared to Q3. Tech and telecom continued to weigh on our top line, reflecting lost assignments and generalized spending weakness in the sector. Revenue was somewhat stronger than we anticipated coming into the quarter. The organic change was less negative compared to the first nine months of the year, against softer prior year performance, and showed improvement from October to November, November to December. Relative to our expectations among our main agency groups, we had the strongest outperformance in media, our US independent agencies, and at Draftfcb. At our event business, which faced something of a perfect storm during the past year, the decrease moderated against softer results a year ago, and revenue grew outside the US. Regionally, the US performed better than international as a whole with significant variance by international markets. I will have more detail in a moment. On the bottom half of this slide, you can see the revenue performance of our operating segments. At our integrated agency networks, the organic change was negative 8% the domestic performance approximately 2% better than outside the US. We were led by media brands, Draftfcb, and the strengthening at our US independents. At our CMG segment, Q4 revenue decreased 9.7% organically. Here again the US decreased less than international. Our PR discipline [ph] decreased mid-single digits organically as the rate decrease slowed in events, as I mentioned, while branding continued to be a difficult area. Slide five provides a breakdown of revenue by region. As you can see, spending reductions by multinational clients and in local project assignments continued to cross our major markets in the quarter. In the US, the organic decrease was 7.3%. The largest driver continued to be decreased spending from existing clients. Auto continued to weigh on domestic results, while lost assignments in the technology sector were also a factor. We were encouraged to see increases at several units in the US, including media brands, Lowe & Deutsch, Draftfcb, and Hill Holliday. Results included new business revenue due to account wins in digital and media disciplines and in the healthcare sector. Internationally revenue decreased 3%, which includes a significant lift in currency in the quarter. The organic decrease was 9.2%. In the UK, Q4 revenue decreased 4.5% organically. Performance was led by growth at media brands and Jack Morton. This was offset by pressure across other businesses due to decreased client spending as well as some lost assignments. While our Q4 comparison in the UK showed improvement from the prior nine months, our outlook here in the near term remains fundamentally cautious. In continental Europe, our organic decrease was 14.6%. In Asia-Pac, where we have a large Japan presence, it was 11.5%. In Latin America 7.1%. Performance in all three markets was due to factors I already mentioned. Our other markets regions decreased 2% organically, which reflects the timing of certain project revenue in the prior years quarter, which had no impact in the full year-over-year comparison. On slide six, we present a longer view of organic revenue growth and tracks equivalent 12 month performance. As you can see, we are pleased to get 2009 behind us. On slide seven, we take a closer look at operating expenses. Throughout the year, our financial priorities have been to align cost with revenue, protect margin to the extent possible and position ourselves to resume strong margin expansion as marketers conviction in the strength of the economic recovery takes hold. In Q4, operating expenses before the restructuring decreased 6.5% organically. Excluding incremental severance decreased 8%. For the full year operating expenses decreased 8.3% organically and decreased 9.6%, excluding the incremental severance. Q4 salaries and related expense 1.05 billion compared with 1.08 billion a year ago, a decrease of 2.6% and 6.3% organically. Excluding incremental severance, salaries and related expense decreased 8.4% organically. Importantly, base salaries and benefits and tax decreased 10% organically as a result of headcount actions taken over the preceding four quarters, and decreased 30 basis points as a percentage of revenue. Severance expense was 71 million compared with 48 million a year ago or 3.9% of Q4 revenue, compared with 2.5% a year ago. These expenses are the upfront cost of aligning headcount with revenue as well as structural investments in productivity that will pay back in 2010 and beyond. As I mentioned earlier, as the quarter developed, we remained aggressive with headcount actions focused on markets in Europe, Japan as well as the US. Full year severance was $166 million. Since the fourth quarter of 2008, headcount actions have addressed 14% of our workforce. Incentive expense in Q4 was 2.9% of revenue compared with 2.3% a year ago. The comparison primarily reflects lower equity related long-term incentive expense in Q4 2008. For the full year, reflecting overall performance incentive expense decreased 25%. Temporary labor expense decreased to 3% in Q4 and was 2.8% of revenue compared with 2.7% a year ago. For the full year expense for temporary labor decreased 24%. Turning to office and general expense on the lower half of the slide, O&G was 475 million in Q4, a decrease of 1.9%, while the organic decrease was 7%. O&G expenses were at 26.4 of revenue in the quarter, and for the full year O&G decreased to 28.5% of revenue from 28.9%. Occupancy expense was 7.6% of revenue compared with 6.9% a year ago due to lower revenue in 2009. We continued to act on opportunities to lower and contain lease expense around the world, including lease restructurings and improved utilization across all our agencies. In 2009, we were able to reduce square footage by approximately 5% despite softness in real estate markets around the globe. Professional fees were 2.1% of Q4 revenue the same level as a year ago. We reduced professional fees by 20 million for the full year. Travel, office supplies and telecom expenses were 3.4% of revenue compared with 3.9% in Q4 08. This was an area of procurement focus throughout the year, which contributed to a 28% decrease, 85 million for the full year. Our all other category decreased 5.5% organically in Q4 and was 13.3% of revenue compared with 12.6% a year ago. The comparison includes the timing of certain project expenses in the prior years quarter that had no effect in the full year-over-year comparisons, as well as currency gains in Q4 08 that did not repeat. On slide eight, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12 month basis. Given the magnitude of the recession, we gave back some of the gains made in 08, but margin expansion to a fully competitive level remains one of our primary financial objectives. On slide nine, you can see our debt maturity schedule as of the end of the year. Debt totaled 1.9 billion, a reduction of approximately 200 million during 2009. As indicated, the 214 million that remains of our floating rate notes mature in November of this year. We remain confident that we are positioned to again use cash on hand to deliver this year. Two related items that are not shown here, but are worth noting. With the conclusion of the fourth quarter, we are pleased to add a dedicated letter credit facility. The new facility is sized at 45 million pounds or approximately $72 million. It allows us to move a portion of the LC supported by our revolving credit facility, which further enhances our total available liquidity. At year end, we had a total of 95 million of letters of credit outstanding, and in January the moved 60 million to the new facility. As a reminder, we have never drawn on our current revolving credit facility, and we have no plans to do so. Also in January, we received the full support of our bank group for mending two covenants in our revolving credit facility in light of the 2009 operating environment and severance expense. The leverage covenant was expanded to allow debt-to-EBITDA of 3.75 times through March 31 and subsequently steps down. We concluded the year at 3.47. The minimum EBITDA requirement was also adjusted by $30 million to 520 million through March 31, after which it steps up. For 2009, our actual covenant EBITDA was 561 million. The new EBITDA level is conservative and precautionary in our view, and there is nothing in our 2010 operating plan that would test that level. Details of the covenants are available in our filings, and the related year end calculations also appear in the presentation appendix. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on slide 10, we ended the year with 2.5 billion in cash and short-term marketable securities, which despite the very challenging year is an increase of 200 million from a year ago. As I mentioned, we used 200 million net in 2009 to retire debt. On slide 11, we turn to cash flow. This is a full year presentation. The fourth quarter is in the presentation appendix. For the year, cash flow from operations was 541 million compared with 865 million in 2008 with the change due to mainly decrease in net income. Cash from working capital changes was 99 million, a strong result for the year in a challenging operating environment. Our performance was due to our focus on working capital management, and the growth of certain of our businesses notably in Q4. The seasonality of our business means we typically see strong cash generation from working capital in the fourth quarter, and related to that build, we typically see seasonal use in working capital that follows in Q1. Investing activities used 128 million compared with 250 million in 2008. Capex was 67 million, well below our historic levels. Financing activities used 267 million, which mainly reflects our redemption of the 2009 and 2011 maturities, and a portion of our 2010 offset by the issuance of our new 2017 notes. The net increase in cash and marketable securities for the year was 231 million. In summary, on slide 12 the quarter continued to reflect marketers decisions to rein in spending in 2009. Since the broader economic tone is still cautious, we will continue to manage our business conservatively as we move into 2010 with a continued focus on cost containment. Our teams will continue to execute aggressively on expense management in order to support our positioning for the strong profit growth that we believe is achievable as the economy picks up. Our financial resources remain strong. During the year we reduced debt, extended our maturity profile, added a new letter of credit facility, and increased our cash position, which has enhanced our liquidity and our financial flexibility. Now to talk about the state of our agency brands and our outlook for the year, I like to turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you Frank. As you can tell, we have just come through an extremely challenging year. The pressure that the recession placed on our clients has significant effects on the marketing activity, and therefore on our revenue. Our financial performance reflected this, but it also showed the strong focus on cost discipline brought to bear by our management teams across the organization. We successfully consolidated much of the margin progress made in recent years, and continued to hold our conservative approach to the balance sheet. Equally important during 2009, we saw further confirmation that the strategic decisions we have been taking in recent years are positioning the company for long-term competitiveness and growth. Full-year performance at Draftfcb was very strong on both top and bottom line. This further validated the move we made to create a new agency that brings together marketing accountability, and creativity in a media neutral model. There was also continued strong improvement in other areas of the business that we have been focusing on such as media brands, which performed particularly well in the fourth quarter. In the US, the combination of Lowe & Deutsch is tracking well, and should give that network the ability to participate in more multinational new business opportunities. Our global PR agencies, Weber Shandwick and GolinHarris, keep on delivering industry-leading work to their clients, including growing digital capabilities. This is what allows them to consistently gain share and outperform their peers. Our US independents, particularly the Martin Agency and Hill Holiday also posted strong results in spite of the economic challenges, as did our outstanding digital specialists, R/GA, and HUGE. We saw ample recognition of this progress and important year-end rankings released by the leading trade publications. The Martin Agency, R/GA, and UM swept the Adweek "Agency of the Year" awards in the US creative, US Media, and digital categories. Martin and UM also appeared in the Ad Age "A-List" along with Draftfcb and (inaudible), one of the very few times a PR agency as ever made this list. It doesn't seem fair to put in a year's work for all these honors and not get acknowledged on our call, I have to mention that Deutsch, R/GA, Gotham, and HUGE also appeared in Ad Ages list of up and coming agencies. You remember that last year Initiative was a big winners in these awards, which coupled with UMs honors this year explains why MediaPost named Mediabrands unit as the Media Holding Company of the Year for 2009. This performance was outstanding among our peers and particularly notable, because it included companies from across the full range of our portfolio. It shows that we are very much in the game when it comes to the competitors of our offerings, that we can build on the recent momentum in new business arena, and that we are well positioned to grow when economic recovery begins to take hold. It is also important to mention news at our largest unit, the McCann World Group. While it felt much of the impact of our issues in the tech and auto sectors last year, World Group continues to have a very powerful global network, and a full range of leading-edge services that include advertising, events, promotion and activation, as well as CRM and digital, where they posted a significant recent win at GM that speaks of the depth and scope of their expertise. As announced, as of April 1 Nick Brien will assume the CEO role of World Group from John Dooner, who remains chairman for the balance of the year to ensure a seamless transaction. John was a major force in growing the World Group into a global powerhouse, and we are indebted to him for his dedication and contributions. At Mediabrands, Nick led the introduction of many innovative digital offerings that are driving the business forward. Working closely with us at IPG, and drawing on his multi-disciplinary experience, Nick has also created a culture of collaboration at Mediabrands that helped us win a number of major integrated pictures. The senior leadership team that remains in place at Mediabrands is well positioned to continue the success we have been seeing of late. This focus on innovation, digital solutions and integrated marketing are all qualities that we believe will help us unlock greater value from the McCann franchise. In sum, we have the talent and the tools to return to growth in line with the broader recovery. While there is still uncertainty as to what we can expect him in 2010 and we will manage the business accordingly, the economy has stabilized and begun to show signs of improvement. Clients are taking note, and should increasingly move forward with their marketing and branding programs. Therefore, our goal of achieving 8% or greater operating margin this year in a flat revenue environment is within our reach. As is the opportunity to more aggressively expand margins if the back half of 2010 shows marked improvement. Ultimately, our goal continues to remain to be fully competitive margin performance in the years to come. In terms of our professional offerings, we will stay focused on the horizon by investing in digital talent across all our agencies, continue to develop tools that demonstrate the work we do is moving the needle for our clients business, adding to our strength in emerging market growth areas such as the bricks and ME&A [ph]. This combination of contemporary forward-looking agencies and highly disciplined financial management will be the key driver of long-term value for our shareholders. With that, I would like to thank you for being with us and open up the floor for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) One moment sir for the first question. Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani from JP Morgan.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: Thank you. Michael, if I could follow up on your comments on McCann, if you could give us a better sense I think of how the performance was at McCann in the fourth quarter, compared to the overall company, maybe how that was versus the trends you saw earlier in the year and specifically are you seeing any improvement going into 2010?
Michael Roth: Well, you know, obviously McCann is our largest global network, and a significant contributor to our profitability and revenue. It continues to be that. We saw some softening in Europe in particular with respect to McCann, but overall I believe you know, as indicated by the wins at MRM with General Motors and other potential new client opportunities, and expansion of opportunities within their existing clients, I am comfortable that McCann World Group continues to be and will continue to be a major factor in our overall performance. I think it was a difficult year for everyone in 2009, and what they showed at the World Group is their ability to take cost out of their business, reposition themselves in the marketplace. If you take a look at some of the severance expenses for example in particular in Japan and in Europe, these just werent headcount reductions. These were structural changes at the World Group to be more efficient in the market place. We are adding new talent and management there that I believe will go a long way to returning McCann World Group to the high levels of margin that they are used to accomplishing. That said they still delivered margin for us and overall profitability and their competitiveness in the market place is first-rate.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: And then you touched on auto earlier. We have a lot of moving pieces in auto at IPG in 2009.
Michael Roth: Yes.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: I know it's very early in the year, it might be too hard to comment. But do you think it's -- what's your outlook for I guess, auto in general for you guys in 2010? Do you think it's possible we could see it up or is that going to be hard to tell?
Michael Roth: Well, you know, it cant go any worse than it was in 2009, and there is no question that we're seeing improvements. Even in the fourth quarter, we saw certainly the reductions in the auto sector were less in the fourth quarter than they there before and we are seeing positive impact, particularly from General Motors. The other side is weve been winning other clients in the auto sector, the media group in particular with the adding of Chrysler and BMW, and our continuous performance at Meteor [ph] and Hyundai, very encouraging and of course Deutsch won Volkswagen. So the auto sector will continue to be an important sector for us, and I see encouraging signs on the expense side, and of course, General Motors is back to spending and they can't believe the old agency continues to be the agency of record with respect to Chevrolet, and McCann World Group continues to service General Motors on a global basis. So I'm encouraged by what I'm seeing on the auto sector.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: And last question is just on -- you've had very impressive cash flow in the quarter. You're in a net cash position right now. I know Frank mentioned pay down of debt obviously still a priority. But any chance you might, I guess, look beyond that as dividend, buyback, anything like that?
Michael Roth: It took us the first question to get to that Alexia. Look as we always said, we need some stability in the environment and obviously stability in our environment will lead to us being back on track to increasing our margins and getting to competitiveness. When we see that there is no question that we believe we have excess cash on our balance sheet that we can use for various purposes and certainly returning to dividends and share buybacks is well within what we're looking at. And so we will continue to look at that closely. I am looking forward to the day Alexia when you can announce one of those programs and that will be the sign that the stability and recovery is really here for us.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Thank you Alexia.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Chesler from Deutsche Bank.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Michael Roth: Good morning.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank: So you addressed the 8% margin bogey for next year, and you finished the year strongly and had high levels of severance. So certainly I think you're well positioned to be able to you know, deliver to that or come close to it. Just wondering what gives you the confidence that you're able to bridge the 230 basis points margin gap from the reported margins, when it looks like your peers are not quite as optimistic? Are you seeing something different in your cost structure than they are?
Michael Roth: Well, you know, if you look at the actions we've taken, particularly on the severance side, I think given the size of our business and what we've taken in severance versus our peer companies, it's pretty indicative of the fact that we were more aggressive in terms of that area. Obviously, the key for that is as we grow revenue the leverage effect of that and not adding to our cost basis will be critical to us delivering those types of margins, and given the cost disciplines that weve already indicated we have and you've seen, the only time we are going to be increasing cost is associated with revenue. And the fact that we were making structural changes not just headcount reductions for the sake of headcount puts together the efficiencies as well as the cost disciplines and that leads us to conclude that we should be able to do that. Certainly if you back out the excess severance, we have a good head start in terms of recovery in that.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Matt, we're coming from a different place from margin perspective, and if you look at the progression of our margin improvement through 2008 it was dramatic given where we started from, and the whole plan this year as is relates to cost management was get our cost base in-line with and get back to that margin progression we were on coming out of 2008, and you know, going through the planning process we're comfortable to say that we believe in a stable revenue environment we can get there.
Michael Roth: You know, the standard question has always been to us when we sit down with our investors is, is there a structural reason why you can't deliver competitive margins, and the answer continues to be no, it is not a structural issue. We just have to get our revenue and costs in line, and I think we've shown that we have the ability to do that and we are very well positioned given the action we took in 2009 with the recovery on the revenue side to deliver that.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank: And Frank, is there a revenue environment implicit in you know, that viewpoint of getting to 8% margins? Do you need a 2% growth or better to be able to get there or do you think you can do that on the 0% organic base?
Frank Mergenthaler: We've said that in a flat revenue environment we can get there.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Stabler from Credit Suisse.
Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse: Thanks very much for taking the question. Frank, you mentioned early on I think that progress might not be linear or Michael that might have been one of your comments.
Michael Roth: Yes.
Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse: Could you talk a little bit more about that? The competitors have been fairly clear that we'll see sequential improvement quarter-to-quarter. Are you seeing something different? And would you be willing to take a stab at when you might see that zero growth number? Could it be at early as Q2 or are you looking more to the second half situation?
Michael Roth: Yes. The reference is not being linear is basically a note of caution in that in terms of any recovery is lumpy. You never know where it's going to come. It's certainly going to come from different sectors, and it is going to come from different geographical areas. We are encouraged by what we're seeing in Latin America and in India, and obviously China is a growth potential for us as well. And the sectors that we are in, there is no question that we are -- we were hurt dramatically by auto and tech and telecom. And it's going to take us at least the first quarter and some of the second quarter, and actually some of the rest of the year to really roll on through that and see some of the lots of assignments particularly in tech and telecom roll through us. So that said, so the first quarter I think will continue to see a negative impact, and thereafter we should start seeing positive improvement in terms of the revenue stream. So I would say back half of the second quarter on through the rest of the year should be how this unfolds, but again I think this recovery is somewhat tenuous, and it's not going to take a lot for everyone to get spooked again, in terms of spending those dollars, but you know, there is no question that our major multinational clients are committed to building their brands and gaining market share in this environment, and youve heard that announced by the CEOs of these companies saying now is the time to spend behind their brands, otherwise they're going to lose, and so we are right there with them working with them to gain that market share.
Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks. And a quick one for you, Frank, if I may. Could you characterize the salary situation for 2010 for existing employees? How widespread were wage freezes in 09? And in a zero growth environment, how should we be thinking about upward salary pressures for folks who haven't had any salary increases for 12 to 18 months?
Frank Mergenthaler: Peter, there is no mandated salary freeze out of IPG. The respective operating units based on the environment they are working in made those decisions. And I think they did a terrific job and in holding the line of salary they're making quite frankly difficult decisions on people. As we move into 2010 again there is no mandated governor coming out of IPG. The operating groups have margin targets and I think that the pain we all went through in 2009 to right-size our headcount to reflect the economic pressure we are under, I think our expectation is that there'll be very disciplined as growth comes back in the equation to manage their salaries accordingly.
Michael Roth: Peter, let me expand on your question a little bit, because it goes to this issue of you know, we have high severance expense, and we took a significant amount of our people. That doesn't mean to say we're not adding to our employee base in those areas that are growing. Obviously in the digital area, the new business area when we pick up new clients, which fortunately were back positive in terms of net new business, we are adding to our base and we are recruiting, and we are focusing on the growth areas. So certainly a portion of the reductions in our headcount are structural and on areas that don't have the growth than other parts of our business, but if you look at R/GA, you look at HUGE, you look at MRM, you look at the digital space, you look at the media environment, we are adding to our talent and that is in fact why I say I'm comfortable with our competitiveness in the marketplace, and so it's not just that we're hunkered down and there is a freeze on hiring and there is a freeze on salaries. We are investing in the growth areas of our business and that will continue.
Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse: Thanks very much.
Michael Roth: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First one for Michael, obviously we continue to see the rate of decline improve, and I was just wondering if you could help us understand sort of how that worked on a month-to- month basis through the fourth quarter, and perhaps early into the first quarter here. And in particular, what I'm getting at is wondering if you're seeing any hiccups in that, perhaps driven by Southern Europe, and then a second one for Frank would be can you maybe give us an update on your conversations with the credit agencies.
Michael Roth: Yes, you know, rather than month-to-month, I think if you look at is the auto sector I think the biggest driver. If you look at our negative 8%, roughly 8% organic, half of that was attributable to auto and tech and telecom, okay. And in the fourth quarter auto improved versus that decline, and now it's encouraging and we're continuing to see that. So in the fourth quarter, auto came back nicely versus, when I say came back it's less worse than it was before, let me put it that way. Tech and telecom, the same although it didn't come back as strong as we did in auto. The other part of the business, for example financial services, last year and we had a negative result out of financial services, we're seeing recoveries in financial services in the fourth quarter and retail was strong as well, and what's interesting is the effect on health products, although last year fourth quarter was pretty solid, we saw a very slight decline in the fourth quarter this year, which is encouraging because that means it was solid. So those should give you an idea what the sectors that are contributing to our results.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Dan, on the rating agencies, we're in constant dialogue with them. I think that they are through here in the next month for a deep dive on the year-end results. I think they view the results from both a working capital management perspective, a liquidity perspective getting the LC facility in place, delevering during the year. Wed hope to continue to see you know, the move more to a positive outlook, and well continue to be transparent and be aggressive and try and get them to adjust their ratings.
Michael Roth: Well, you know, Frank is being polite. I mean we think our ratings arent where they should be. Obviously in this environment rating agencies don't bring you up. They bring you down quickly, but we think we've certainly proven all the disciplined approaches and consistency in that and our balance sheet is solid enough that we think we should get upgraded, and that's what the team is pushing for.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Bank from RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks very much. Good morning. Couple of questions, the first one is, Mike or Frank, you guys have mentioned the term a couple times, structural changes, with respect to the implementation of some of the severance costs. Could you give a little bit more kind of specific color around what those structural changes are organizationally, operationally? What are those structural changes? Second question is in terms of kind of what you're seeing on client fee negotiations right now, how is the environment different than it was a month or two or three or even four months ago? What does the tone of those conversations look like in terms of the delta? And the last question, I don't think you mentioned a whole lot about acquisitions. Any sort of change in terms of priority there and things you might be looking at? And I'll stop there. Thanks very much for taking the questions.
Michael Roth: Okay, structural. What we mean by structural is you take the World Group for example, eliminating layers in terms of efficiency is critical to structural changes, okay. And we put new management, Mike McLaren, we put into Japan for example and he took some actions with respect to removing layers of management so we're more efficient and closer to the marketplace. Brett Gosper has additional responsibilities in Europe, and he too took strong actions in terms of structural changes. So when we talk about structural, we are talking about efficiencies, eliminating various layers of people and really putting client facing people where they belong and that is in front of the clients, and delivering on the value of the products and services that we have. In terms of pricing, you know, obviously 2009 was a very difficult year from pricing. Most evident in the media pictures that were going on and the demands by our clients in the media arena, and that sort of feeds on itself which is why you start seeing clients looking at putting their media business up for review, because they think they can capture savings in efficiencies. And I think that's going to continue into this year. Until we have a real robust recovery, we're going to see a lot of them persist on pricing, and certainly procurement is sitting at the table at all of our negotiatings. It's nice to point out as Frank pointed out in his, we're doing the same thing on our procurement side, not quite as much as on our client side, but clearly that's what has to go on in this environment. As the recovery takes hold, I think we'll see some lessening on that, because the value of our services you know, continue to be critical to the success of our clients, and once there is a recovery then not that they're going to go away, but the pressures become a lot different. And so I think that's what we're going to start to see. Acquisitions, you know, we were, we continue to look at acquisitions, but again they have to be totally critical and consistent with our overall strategy, digital acquisitions youll continue to see, we continue to look at that. I wouldn't be surprised if you see some digital acquisitions for us, particularly in some of the growth regions, you know, like Latin America and potentially China and India. And those are the growth areas, and that's where we're going to put our dollars. We have the financial wherewithal, we have it built into our model for 2010. I think we said you know, historically on acquisitions we've been around $150 million, and we've been less than that in the past, and we'll be careful on how we spend those dollars, but we'll continue to be opportunistic in that.
Frank Mergenthaler: And David, the number of opportunities we look at in 2009 was consistent with the prior year. We just were very disciplined in holding to pricing structure, and quite candidly we walked away from a lot of things because we thought pricing was off market.
Michael Roth: Yes, and the other area you look at acquisitions in areas we have holds. We don't have any big holds in terms of our offerings, but in some locations in certain areas, it's important for us to beef up our presence if you will. So those are the kind of acquisitions, but we're not missing a major piece of any of these offerings.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you so much.
Michael Roth: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meggan Friedman from William Blair.
Meggan Friedman - William Blair: Hi, thanks for taking my questions.
Michael Roth: Sure Meggan.
Meggan Friedman - William Blair: Just a couple of questions. First, in terms of the weakness in the tech vertical in particular, how long should we be thinking that revenue challenges are going to persist there? When will we really cycle through that pressure and facing easier comps at least?
Frank Mergenthaler: Meggan, we're going to have some headwind for a good part of the year.
Meggan Friedman - William Blair: Okay. (inaudible).
Michael Roth: It is stronger in the early part of the year but it is still there. We wish we could tell you a finite time when that happens, but it was a contributor throughout the year. So obviously we those lost assignments, it will affect us, but it will be greater in the early part, and maybe in the later part.
Meggan Friedman - William Blair: Okay Great. Thank you. I know you don't provide net new business win numbers, and forgive me if I missed this, but were you -- did you end the year in a net positive position and could you provide a little color on how new business activity phased over the course of the second half of the year in particular? And then generally speaking, what is the lag that you're seeing for beginning to realize the organic benefit from net new business activity?
Michael Roth: Well, you know, we had a very strong fourth quarter, and particularly in the media side. A number of the auto wins in media were in the fourth quarter. In terms of big clients, Pizza Hut was a big win for The Martin agency, Volkswagen was a big win for Deutsch. Draftfcb added to Miller Lite. So you know, I think towards the latter part of 2009, we recovered if you will on the net new business. Going into the fourth quarter, we were a little bit behind. We finished the year, net new business positive, and we haven't seen much activity so far this year. So I think we should start seeing the impact of that fairly soon in terms of particularly all you have to do is look on TV, and you'll see some of -- the Pizza Hut business, you're already seeing the new stuff as is the Volkswagen stuff. So we're trying to see the impact of that already.
Meggan Friedman - William Blair: Great. Thank you.
Michael Roth: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Congratulations on surviving 09, and also for getting to work this morning.
Michael Roth: You too.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: A couple of questions I have. Maybe first we could start on the cost levers and the margin conversation we've had all morning and Frank, when you look at 2010, obviously severance should be down assuming the top line continues to improve. What are the other areas we should be watching this year and where you expect or other movements in expense buckets that we should be following. I'm looking at your deck, and you've got legal entities which have been coming down for many years, continue to decline in 09 versus 08 and also your real estate numbers come down, it looks like there's still a decent amount of unused or subleased space. Just wondering if those are areas where you expect to see drivers of margin in 2010?
Frank Mergenthaler: Ben, we think the largest driver is going to be in the salary line. I think we've done a pretty good job in the O&G cost, and we'll continue to go against those buckets very aggressively, but you know, the real opportunity for us is to drive leverage from the severance actions that we've taken this year, be aggressive in how we manage supporting potential growth and just be very aggressive on how we manage the salary line. And I think that's where the greatest leverage is going to come from.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then just quickly, point of clarification on the covenant changes, Frank you mentioned up front. Was that primarily because of the severance you took this quarter, and I think these are looking on a trailing 12 months. A set of numbers on the minimum EBITDA on the leverage chart, is that really behind the changes?
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, as Michael called out in his comments, you know, when we came into the fourth quarter we saw some softness in certain markets. Our operators were being very aggressive, positioning themselves for 2010 by taking the appropriate cost actions and severance actions in the fourth quarter. We thought there may be some issue with our covenants. Our banks were very, very supportive in adjusting those covenants, because they saw the benefit of the actions we're taking and that was the entire reason for it.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Got you. That makes sense. And then Michael, some of your peers talk about how their digital business, what percentage of the business digital is and you know, what is or isn't digital is sort of in the eye of the beholder. I thought I would ask you, as you look at 09, how did digital hold up? You've got some very strong agencies in that area, but I think probably most of your agencies touch on digital one way or the other. And then how are you thinking about that, the growth in the that business in 2010?
Michael Roth: Well, yes first of all our specialized digital agencies, particularly RG/A and HUGE had very strong performance in terms of growth, and we expect that to continue into 2010, and you're correct. Our approach to digital in addition to the specialized digital agencies, you know, we have our fully integrated agencies very strong in digital, Draftfcb, the rest of MRM, part of the World Group, even our independent agencies all have very strong digital offerings as does our PR business, our events. So digital is across the board of all of our IPG affiliated companies, and in terms of percentages, it is hard for us to get our arms around how much of our business is digital. There have been estimates out there based on various sources and you know, some were in the 15% ranges as we've seen out there, and that should be some indication of where it is, and obviously it's growing and it's growing solidly and we're continuing to invest in it. So I think clearly we are very competitive. We continue to win, our R/GA recently won some Wal-Mart business as you know, as well as some MasterCard business. And I think those are critical pieces of our offerings, as well as our individual agencies just their DNA includes digital. And that's the way this business has moved to and we're comfortable with it.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Great. Promise my last question, just on retail. You mentioned up front that retail was very strong in the fourth quarter. I'm just curious if you see that category so far in 1Q, and also sort of your general view in 2010 has that continued, just to answer the question I get it is about fourth quarter kind of budget flushing in the retail category, I'm curious what you guys are seeing?
Michael Roth: Yes, well, you know, clearly the issue there is going to be consumer confidence and that's what when I say the overall environment is tenuous that's where it is, okay. And obviously Wal-Mart is an important client of ours, and they contributed a good fair share of that growth, and I think we see that continuing but a lot of that is going to be a function of the macro economic environment, but we're you know, we will also do other retail agents in our companies Coles and so on. So these are very important components, and recently the Mullen Agency won Mens Wearhouse. So it will continue to be an important category for us.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks a lot, everyone.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from James Dix from Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush: Good morning, gentlemen. Just had two questions for you. First, in terms of the timing of the optimism you expect, Michael, for the year, more focused on the second half than the first, is that reflecting kind of a flow of the budget activity you're seeing from clients or is that more what you're seeing in terms of the comparisons of your overall business? And then just a second one, because I know we're running late on time, any color you could give on growth by discipline? You know, in terms of creative versus media buying and planning, I'd be particularly interested in how you think your overall business mix by discipline is positioning you in terms of getting to you know, competitive growth.
Michael Roth: By the way my optimism was tempered optimism, okay. I try to interject a new word in there, all right. Look I do think it's more towards the latter part of 2010, and obviously that's the easier thing to see, but in fact that's how we're seeing it roll out from our various business units. We do this, you know, we just don't, we work from bottoms up, and that's where we're hearing from our agencies and so on. And certainly you know, I think we've shown a very strong improvement on our media side, and as you see media pitches out there, we're very competitive. So I think media will continue to be a good source for us in terms of growth opportunities. Digital obviously that's where a lot of the action is, social networking and all the interfacing with the consumers. We're investing in the tools that are necessary to do that well, and it's across all our disciplines, and I think that's where a lot of the new business is going to come from, and we're showing that we are very competitive in those arenas, and let's not forget the consumer goods, packaged goods and those are important products and they have to continue to invest in those brands, and that's what we do. We build brands, we help our clients build brands and we provide the link if you will, between the brand and the consumer, and anyway we can do that, we have investments in and we can help. So that's where a lot of the action is going to be.
James Dix - Wedbush: Great. Thanks very much.
Michael Roth: You're welcome
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. At this time I'll turn the call back to Mr. Leshne.
Michael Roth: Well, thank you very much. This is Michael and we do appreciate your participation this morning. Those of you who have to travel home in this weather, safe journey. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today conference. Thank you so much for joining. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. (Operator Instructions). This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: We have posted our earnings release in our slide presentation on our website interpublic.com and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A and we plan to conclude before our market open at 9:30 am Eastern. During this call we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company. These are subject to uncertainties and the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: As always, I'll begin by covering the key points of our performance and then Frank will take us through the forward results. After his remarks, I will turn with some closing comments post before we move on to the Q&A. As with the case in the second quarter, our performance in Q3 continues to reflect the impact that the global recession has been having on demand for advertising and marketing services. Organic revenue was down 14.2%, about the same level as last quarter. The principle factors affecting that important metric were also similar to those we share with you on our last call. We were hurt by reductions in scope and certain lost assignments in the text sector including projects in our event business that did not recur this year as well as the unprecedented challenges being faced by the automotive industry. Also, the fact that we posted a very strong Q3 last year posed difficult comparisons. These factors resulted in our making less sequential progress in the quarter than we hope to see. However, it's fair to say that the tone of our conversations with clients concerning the economy is improving. However, we've not seen this yet converted to consistent commitments to new or existing projects. Therefore, it looks as if the pace of the recovery will be gradual and that significantly improving organic revenue performance for the whole of 2009 compared to the first nine months performance will be challenging. Given the macro environment its worth noting that some client sectors have held up well in Q3, such as fruit and beverage, consumer packaged goods and retailing. As our teams around the world manage through these challenging times, it was good to see additional evidence in the third quarter of our ability to effectively manage costs. Excluding severance, the organic decrease we reported in Q3 operating expenses was 12.5%. Also excluding severance, salaries and related course were down 11% on a like-for-like basis. Organic office and general course were over 15% lower than last year. I have mentioned before that in our industry, its not advisable to take our cost on a pace with the level of revenue declines that we are currently experiencing. We must continue to demonstrate that we have the tools and the discipline to exert strong control on our business. This is whats required to successfully move the company through this challenging revenue environment and position us for the future growth and profitability. Consolidating the significant progress that we've made in operating margins during the first few years is an important priority for us. On our second call, we gave you a sense of where we thought the year would come out from a margin perspective. At that time we thought that 2009 operating margin excluding incremental year-on-year severance would be between 7% and 7.5%, which you may recall compares to the 8.5% we achieved in 2008. We believe that there is approximately 50 basis points of margin risk to that outlook. We therefore continue to stay focused on cost for the balance of the year which will result in higher severance. Frank will provide more detail on that shortly. Its worth noting that our financial resources continue to be strong and that we have extended our debt maturity profile and further deleveraged the balance sheet this year. I'll have more to say about the performance of our specific agencies and the competitiveness of our service offering across all marketing disciplines, but at this point, I'll turn things over to Frank.
Frank Mergenthaler: As a reminder I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our website, and is available on our website. As you have seen in our release this morning, our top line continue to show the full effect of the challenging economic environment. As a result, again 7.6% organic growth a year ago, marketing and advertising reductions by clients led to a revenue decrease of 18% in the quarter while our organic revenue decrease was 14.2%. To varying degrees, these challenges were evident in all disciplines and markets and nearly all client sectors. As Michael indicated, the  impact continues to the be greatest in technology and telecom and the auto sectors. A group of large clients in those two sectors drawn from our top 100 accounted for one third of our organic revenue decrease in the quarter. Geographically, our regional revenues reflect the global scope of the fall off of the client spending with the greatest decrease generally occurring in developed markets. I have more detail on this in a minute. Against this difficult backdrop, our operators continue to manage costs effectively and deliver sustained leverage on the most flexible components of our cost structure despite lower revenue. Incentive compensation expense decreased by 38% year-over-year and temporary labor expense decreased 23%. Our base payroll and benefits decreased 12%, a result of severance actions taken over the past four quarters. In O&G controllable expenses for travel, telecom, office supplies decreased by 31% along with lower pass-through expenses, this contribute to incremental leverage on total O&G expense. Q3 operating results include $23 million of severance expense that addressed 2% of our global workforce in the quarter. This compares to $15 million a year ago quarter. Severance actions over the past four quarters have impacted approximately 11% of our workforce. With total expense of $140 million, these actions should produce run rate annual savings of approximately 2X. Q3 operating income was $58 million or 4.1% of revenue, compared with 10.6% a year ago, reflecting the impact of revenue in 70 basis points of incremental severance. Our diluted EPS was $0.03 per share compared with $0.08 in Q3 '08. We completed in nine months with $1.77 billion of cash and marketable securities on the balance sheet, essentially equivalent to a year ago, despite having used approximately $200 million to redeem outstanding debt this year. Turning to slide 3, you can see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail on the slides that follow. Our tax provision was $4 million 13% of pretax income. There are few one-time items in the quarter that together netted a benefit of $17 million. They involve the recognition of benefits related to closing out a prior period audit and a deduction related to workable securities, partially offset by established evaluation allowance and differed tax assets in Asia Pacific. Turning to a closer look at operations on slide 4, we provide additional detail on revenue. Revenue in the quarter was $1.43 billion, a decrease of 18%. Compared to Q3 '08, exchange rates had a negative impact of 3.9%. There was almost no change due to net effect of acquisitions and divestitures. Our organic revenue change was a decrease of 14.2%, primarily a result of client reductions in scope due to the recession, industry feed pressure and some lost assignments. As was the case in Q2, the tech and telecom and auto sectors weighed heavily on performance in the quarter. Economic conditions also continued to impact on our events and business, which decrease 32% organic against a very strong Q3 '08. Regionally, we continue to see the largest decreases in most developed markets including the UK, Continental Europe, and the U.S. On the bottom half of this slide, you can see the revenue performance of our operating segments. At our integrated agency networks, the organic change was a negative 13.8% which was about equally balanced between the U.S. and markets outside the U.S. At our CMG segment, Q3 revenues decreased 16% organically comprised of 12.3% decrease in the U.S. and 23.3% internationally. Slide 5 provides a breakdown of revenue by region, clearly a difficult global picture. All markets were impacted by the global actions of multinational clients and reductions to local project assignments. In the U.S. the organic decrease was 13.4% against an increase of 7.9% in Q3 '08 due to the factors Ive already discussed. Internationally, revenue decreased 23.7% which includes a significant effect from currency. The organic decrease was about 15.2%. In the UK, revenue decreased 19.5% organically against 21.1% growth a year ago. Growth last year included a large project in our event business that did not repeat this year. In continental Europe, our organic decrease was 16.8%. In the Asia-Pac region revenue decreased 9.7% organically. In Latin America the organic revenue decreased was 9.3%. Our other market segments decrease was 17.9% organically. On slide 6, we present a longer view of organic revenue growth that tracks our trailing 12 month performance. As you can see this clearly registers the impact on our top line of the recession over the past four quarters. On slide 7, we take a closer look at operating expenses. As Michael mentioned, our financial priorities in this environment are lining costs and protecting margins. In Q3, operating expenses decreased 11.8% organically and the excluding higher severance decreased 12.5%. Salaries and related expense were $944 million compared with $1.09 billion a year ago. This is a decrease of 13.7% and 10% organically. Excluding severance from both periods, salaries and related decreased 10.9% organically. As a result of our severance actions, base salaries have decreased $50 million through nine months and headcount has decreased 5,100 employees. Q3 severance expense was $23 million compared with $15 million a year ago or 1.6 of revenue compared with approximately 90 basis points a year ago. Looking to the fourth quarter, our severance actions will increase and step with our more conservative revenue outlook. We now plan incremental severance for the full year to be approximately $50 million higher than the full year 2008 level, approximately 80 to 90 basis points of '09 revenue. As Michael said earlier, we believe there is currently approximately 50 basis points of risk to the outlook we shared on our last call, when we indicated that we thought 2009 operating margin excluding incremental year-on-year at severance would be between 7% and 7.5%. Incentive expense decreased to 2.7% of revenue compared with 3.6% a year ago, reflecting our current performance. Temporary labor expense which has been an area of focus for us, decreased to 2.9% of revenue from 3.1% a year ago. Turning to O&G expenses on the lower half of the slide. In Q3, O&G was $425 million, a decrease of $101 million or 19.2%. The organic decrease was 15.1%. O&G expenses improved to 29.8% of revenue compared with 30.2% due to lower controllable expenses in pass-through costs. Occupancy expense increased to 9% of revenue from 7.6% a year ago due to the reduction in our revenue for the year with nine months. We'll run expenses relatively flexible in the short run; it is an area of focus for us. We continue to develop opportunities to lower and contain expenses around the world, including lease restructurings and improved utilization across all our agencies. Travel, office supplies and telecom expenses were 3.5% of revenue compared with 4.2% in Q3 '08. All other office and general expenses decreased to 15.4% of revenue from 16.5% a year ago due to the decrease in pass-through expenses connected with project assignments and also reflecting lower recruitment, insurance and conferencing costs. On slide 8, we show our operating margin history on a trailing 12 month basis, which was 6.7% for the 12 months ended September 30. Margin expansion to a fully competitive level remains one of our primary financial objectives. On slide 9, you can see our debt maturities schedule, as of the end of Q3. This schedule reflects our $2 billion in total debt which is decreased this year by approximately $165 million primarily as a result of our redemption and refinancing activities in the second and third quarters of this year. Our 2009 short-term debt represents amounts borrowed from relationship banks for local working capital needs outside the U.S. We remain confident that we've redeemed the 2010 nodes out of cash on hand. So we believe we have effectively eliminated any anticipated refinancings through the 2012 potential put of our convertible debt. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on slide 10, we ended Q3 with 1.77 billion in cash and short-term marketable securities which were the same level with which we entered the quarter and compares with $1.7 to $1 billion a year ago. This year ago comparison includes the use of approximately $200 million as I mentioned, in our recent debt repurchases. On slide 11, we turn to cash flow for the quarter. Cash from operations was $125 million compared with $34 million in Q3 '08. We were able to offset the impact of lower net income on cash flow through continued strong discipline on our working capital management which has been another area of focus for us. Investing activity is $50 million compared with $150 million in Q3 '08 when we had closed  two significant acquisitions. CapEx was $16 million bringing us to $44 million for the nine months. Financing activities used a $112 million which mainly reflects our repurchase of $72 million of 2009 and 2000 debt maturities. Net increase in cash and marketable securities in the quarter was $1 million. In summary, on slide 12, the quarter clearly reflects the challenges presented by economic conditions. Our teams continue to execute very well in expense management in the current business environment, positioning our cost structure to support strong profit growth when the economy turns. As we navigate these challenges, our financial resources remains strong and been enhanced by actions taken during the past six months to further improve liquidity and financial flexibility. Consistent with our near-term revenue outlook which continues to be cautious, we plan to intensify our expense actions over the balance of the year as I outlined earlier. This (inaudible) says 2009 is year of significant challenges, but we are managing through. We believe we remain well positioned for growth when it returns to our market and for the ability to (inaudible) significant margin. Now let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. I mentioned in my opening remarks that clients generally remain cautious about committing to new marketing expenditures or increasing spend behind existing efforts. Yet, we've also begun to see an increase in new business activity which earlier this year had essentially ground to a halt in many world markets. Though this isnt the definitive indicator of an advertising recovery, it certainly is an encouraging sign. Were equally pleased that a review of all major industry pitches over the past year, shows that not only are we being included in every significant opportunity out there in which are not blocked due to client conflict, we are also winning at a broad cross section of our agencies. This tells me that our offerings are fully competitive and that when the economy recovery does take hold, we will be in a position to return to the levels of competitive organic revenue growth that we achieved during the past two years. Another potential driver of an advertising recovery could be the automotive sector which weve recalled out as a contributing factor in our organic revenue decreases in the past few quarters. Now, as the auto industry emerges from what has been a very troubled period, it could represent significant upside providers of marketing services with both existing and new clients. The Volkswagen win in Deutsch is a recent example as is the opportunity to win Cadillac and GM and media brands involvement in the global Hyundai media review. There will likely be increased spend in the category next year as well, which we see as a real opportunity. Turning now to the key third quarter developments within the agencies. (Inaudible)  mentioned that Draftfcb remains our top performer in terms of both top line and margin delivery. Their new model is driving results for clients even in these recessionary times. They are taking market share from competitive with whom they jointly serve multinational clients as well as with their successful new business efforts. Recently they promoted Mark Modesto leader out their very successful Chicago agency, to head up all North American operations. At Lowe, the big news has been the alignment we recently announced that brings Deutsch and Lowe together in North America and makes Deutsch a part of the Lowe world wide network. We've been clear in the past about the need for Lowe to have a strong hub agency in the U.S. Given the size of the market and the fact that multinational marketers with outbound global needs, are based here. Since Lowe has made a great deal of progress during the past 24 months, addressing that U.S. has become an even greater priority and opportunity. The combination with the dynamic agency like Deutsch will further strengthen a key area of need for the Lowe network. For Deutsch the benefits are equally apparent, the agency has a great brand, a client focused culture and a fully integrated offering. Wins like PNC Bank, HTC and just last week the highly coveted VW Pitch demonstrate the power of Deutsch's model, but the agency has been unable to pursue or grow client relationships on a global scale. The alignment with Lowe will address this gap and their capabilities. The combination makes sense because it's strategic. It builds on the on the complementary strengths of both companies and creates an organization that can better meet clients needs and compete for new business. We do not believe in putting agencies together for reasons of financial experiencing. During the past few years we've made a limited number of conceded and strategic moves, notably, the merger of Draft and FCB and the creation of media brands. In each case, we've been sensitive to the cultural issues involved and at the same time, stayed highly focused on execution, so as to ensure their proper integration takes place. In both cases, the results we delivered had been very strong in terms of both the client offering and the financial results of the new entity. We think Deutsch and Lowe will prove out in much the same way. The updated media brands, is that there is a great deal of new business activity going on. Spanning a broad range of client industries and all major world regions, Initiative and UM have strengthened their people and their product and each has built very positive momentum in the marketplace. We're also seeing a lot of business innovation within this group such as the launch of Cadreon ad exchange and new digitally enabled offerings in local and shopper market. McCann has felt the brunt of the impact of the issues in the tech and auto sectors that I mentioned earlier. Last quarter we told you about the arrival of Bob LePlae as North American CEO. We recently recruited a senior creative partner and the team posted its first win with the iShares account. Tom [Grula] will likewise bring renewed energy to the New York agency in his role as CEO. There is also new leadership in place in Europe and Asia and plans to strengthen the offering in Brazil. We continue to have confidence in the World Group as one of the industry's leading provider of integrated solutions for global clients. At CMG, Weber Shandwick and GolinHarris are consistently recognized for the outstanding quality of their work which has allowed them to keep outperforming the broader PR sector. We were also pleased with the performance of our sports marketing agency Octagon which had growth in the quarter. In recent months our domestic agencies have been putting up some good wins as well such as Zappos and Mullen, Sun Life Financial and Expedia at The Martin Agency and Match.com at Campbell-Ewald. In the digital arena, new business at huge is strong and RGA has added Taco Bell and the global Master Card business to its string of recent wins. So we are very competitive in this dynamic sector of the business. We have the talent and the tools to return to growth in line with the broader recovery, but there is still uncertainty to what we can expect in 2010. Our target would be to achieve an operating margin of 8% or better in a flat organic growth environment. This will be one of our primary objectives heading into next year and it will be management's job to deliver against such goals. Along with our strong financial resources and the competitive agency offerings across our portfolio, it's also what would allow IPG to capitalize on an economic recovery and deliver long-term value to our clients and our shareholders. With that, I thank you for being with us and I'll open up the floor to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question of the day comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani: First, are you still comfortable with the revenue guidance you gave on the last conference call? And then secondly, if you could walk through maybe some of your major verticals, auto, pharma retail, let us know how they did during the quarter?
Michael Roth: Well, first of all, what I said was that in terms of guidance, it wasnt specifically guidance, what we were saying is that for the first half of the year we thought the rest of the year should be equal to around 10.5%-11% negative revenue. What I said just now, was that the third quarter obviously indicates a trend a little bit worse than that and although its difficult, obviously, we'll shoot to do better but right now, it looks like achieving that target will be a little bit more difficult. As far as the verticals go, I think clearly we've already talked about the tech and telecom. That certainly has a big weight in terms of our performance. There of course there was scope reductions as well as some lost client assignment that we're all aware of, as well as automotive. Our strength continued to be in our healthcare. We believe there is a lot of activity in that environment and the third quarter although was slightly down, we think thats an important sector for us and we continue to perform well. Food and beverage and packaged goods continue to do well and retail in fact was positive in the quarter. Financial services was negative but again, it only represents about 8% of our sectors and there as you know, Master Card is a significant part of that and it was encouraging to see RGA win the global digital assignment in that area.
Alexia Quadrani: Was auto less negative in the third quarter than the second quarter and then specifically on your tech commentary, is the weakness in tech really surrounding just the one major client or is it more than one client?
Michael Roth: Well certainly the major client is a big contributor to that, the other one was we recall we did loose some business at Intel as well. So those two accounted for a good portion of it. The rest were normal reductions, given those reductions in scope that we're seeing across the board. As far as auto, I think it's pretty much the same.
Alexia Quadrani: And just the last question on net new business, you think your deficit has narrowed since the second quarter call?
Michael Roth: Yeah actually, we think on the trailing 12 months is positive and I think we're gaining ground, so that by year-end, although we think it might be slightly negative, but it wont be negative to the tune of what Ive seen out there people publishing. So, we're encouraged by the new business wins in the third and fourth quarter. There are couple of big ones out there that were still in the fray if you will, particularly on the media side. We had the Unilever a global media pitch and we have the Hyundai/Kia pitch. Again, on Hyundai/Kia we do North America already and thats not up for review. So both of those pitches we view as an opportunity for us and we dont have a lot at risk with respect to either of those.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis with Wells Fargo. You may ask question.
John Janedis: Can you just clarify the margin guidance further? Does that mean the full year including severance is expected to be in the [56 to 61] range? And if so, can you give more specifics on what changed since the guidance from July, what areas in the business that you expect to improve that didnt?
Michael Roth: It's similar to the question Alexia asked in terms of what's changed. Frankly, what's changed is again, the level of uncertainty as to the outcome. Frankly, it's difficult in this environment to predict with certainty either the revenue side or the margins side. We thought it would be prudent for us to put some fences around it if you will, and it's really based on the fact that we have a number of new pictures out there. We have some new business wings that were not sure as to the timing and when the revenue will come in and frankly, the visibility into some of our revenue streams is difficult in this environment specifically on the project basis as well as the events and some of the scope issues that we've had. So, what weve said is, that we put 15 points of risk on the margin in terms of the excluding severance. So if you put these severance numbers back in and as Frank indicated, we expect severance to be higher throughout the full year. In fact on year basis, we think severance should be about $50 million higher than where we were in 2008. So, that brings you down to the numbers you were talking about in taking the risk if you will. And on the revenue side the same thing, all we did was take our performance through the first nine months and said look, we need a good improvement in the fourth quarter to get back to what we said in terms of negative 10.5% and 11% and we thought it would be good to put out some caution in terms of our ability to achieve that, but the truth is, the fourth quarter always has been a big quarter for us, and unfortunately thats the quarter that we have surprises both negative and positive in the past.
Frank Mergenthaler: And John just to confirm, in the second quarter call we called out the incremental severance year-on-year was projected to be $35 million. We're now moving that number to $50 based upon some of the softness and concerns bout revenue. So we'll continue to be aggressive in the fourth quarter on taking severance actions.
John Janedis: And then so, in terms of the tone then Michael, at this point, have you seen much of an increase in client commitments for '10 versus may be this quarter last year for '09?
Michael Roth: We are in a process of doing our planning for 2010 right now. We're not complete I think anecdotally, what we're saying is that certainly, I believe the worst is over. I said that, and I think we we're seeing evidence that before I start raising the flag in terms of full recover, I have to see more consistency. Certainly some clients are looking to increase. They certainly indicate that it's their intention to spend behind their brands and we are working very closely with them. But as we solidify our plans for 2010 and more importantly as our clients solidify our plans for 2010, we'll give you more color on the outlook if you will.
John Janedis: And then one last one for Frank, historically you've talked about a target of around 60% for the salaries and related line, with the caveat that revenue growth is a [lever] in here. Has anything changed structurally in the business like cost-per-talent that would make you rethink that number?
Frank Mergenthaler: No. John, I still think thats an appropriate target.
Michael Roth: We manage our business to achieve it, but obviously in this environment and I indicated it would be a mistake for us to take actions that bring us to a level that if we believe there is a recovery on the horizon, that we shouldnt have the appropriate talent and resources to meet those needs. And certainly clients are asking, do you have the resources available to meet our demands and thats the reason we'll question and we have to be able to be in a position to answer that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Chesler with Deutsche Bank. You may ask your question.
Matt Chesler: So, I am just wondering if to any extent, any change in the relationship between clients and the agencies and the agencies is having anything to do with sort of the change in your view towards the end of the year.
Michael Roth: Well, it's an interesting question. We can spend an hour talking about it. There's no question that clients are looking for more for less. So part of it has to do with tightening of the fee structure and how we respond to our own efficiencies to keep our margins. Thats part of the uncertainty. Obviously, there is also uncertainty on the specific events in terms of whether there are going to spend now or its a timing item for 2010. And certainly, there's an issue of clients and how they're going to look at how they approach some of these issues and I know there is a question about some of these jump falls that are out there, I might as well put it on the table and that really isnt the fact as I went into our putting out 50 basis point risk. It's more of the general tone of how clients are approaching our business.
Matt Chesler: Right then, could you address the environment for building up your businesses through acquisitions right now. Has sellers expectations come down to a more realistic level and just talk a little bit more about what your priorities are and how likely we are to see you add over the next couple of quarters.
Michael Roth: Clearly in this environment, any of our agencies that come forth with a strategic transaction gets a more thorough analysis in terms of what the returns are and the need for it. That said, we are still in the market. We are looking at potential transactions to fill holes and thats not going to stop, and we have it built in to our models, have it built into our plans and we certainly have the financial wherewithal to make those happen. In terms of order of magnitude, as you see in the numbers that Frank took you through, our CapEx, we are being very tight in terms of how we spend it. I think when the recovery starts coming and we see more consistency, I'd like to see us returning to levels of $100 million and $150 million. But again, it's on a case-by-case basis. We do see some transactions, particularly may be in Latin America and some digital properties that are smaller, that might fit nicely into our portfolio, but the due diligence and the strategic rational has to be strong for us to go forward.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Matt we havent seen a dramatic fall or decline in pricing multiples. In fact we walked away from a couple of things that we thought that the multiples were still off market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question.
Ben Swinburne: Michael I wanted to ask you about two initiatives or decisions you've made over the last couple of quarters. Cadreon has got a lot of press and I was curious how your clients have reacted to that initiative. How they might be using it in any update or color you can give us on that front. And then on the Lowe Deutsch merger, you've seem to discuss that instead of revenue opportunities in terms of the securities, there is profitability factor that went into that decision or if that factors in to how you guys look at next year. I know Lowe at least historically has been one of your lower margin agencies, I mean thats not the case anymore, but just wanted to get similar color on that front, and then I have one quick follow-up for Frank.
Michael Roth: Okay. Let me do the Lowe and Deutsch. First of all, as I indicated, we dont do these transactions purely as a cost saving benefit. Obviously, there could be consolidations, but frankly in this environment the bigger picture is more important. So what was driving that transaction was the strategic fit and the opportunity to grow both businesses. Lowe has continued to perform better, it's still not at the levels of competitive margins and we still have to work on that. But there will be some savings. Let me not say, obviously, when you look at transactions like that to the extent there are facility savings thats part of what we're looking at and certainly, there will be savings as a result of this. The fact that we're going to move the Lowe offices into Deutsch on by definition, hopefully will give us savings. So certainly, there is a savings component in the transaction. But let me make it clear. The savings component was not the reason for doing this transaction, but we will at the same time, look at opportunities to improve profitability as a result of that. Cadreon is interesting in that, this is a market place thats changing everyday and its being shared with our client base and frankly right now the reception is very good, because frankly this is an area that there are also sorts of different cats and dogs out there, and the fact that we can put forth an offering that clients are being receptive to, it gives us an opportunity, who want to have a dialogue with clients as well as to show the investments that we're making in our business. So we're excited about the our opportunity. It's too soon to tell and call it a big victory, but I think the reaction to the Ad Exchange has been very positive and we hope to make a success of that as we move forward.
Ben Swinburne: Great and just Frank, the quick housekeeping interest expense has done quite a bit sequential. I dont know if this is a new run rate if that was a function of (inaudible). Any color there would be helpful.
Frank Mergenthaler: It's primarily the role of the (inaudible).
Michael Roth: Let me take this opportunity. Media Brands has continued to invest in a whole bunch of new media opportunities in terms of bringing talented people to meet the needs of the clients. There is not question that on the media side, the more tools and resources you could bring to the table, the more affected you're going to be with the relationship with your clients. And I think, one of the impressive things that happened at Media Brands both working with Initiative as well as UM, is the investments they made in digital, in content, in the ability to provide the analytics that are going to be necessary to compete in the market place. You may have seen some recent announcements in initiatives for example, in terms of investing in insights, before the results as opposed to just looking at insights after. This is the kind of stuff thats going on in Media and we have to be there with our clients. I might also add that we've announced a partnership with Microsoft, which will be very helpful in terms of the analytics side as well. So, I think all the things we're doing in the marketplace is to give an indication that we believe its our responsibility to bring value to our clients and thats an area that really provides tremendous opportunity to strengthen the relationship and provide a revenue base.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Walker with Nomura. You may ask your question.
Matthew Walker: Just a couple of question please. One is on the geographic splits. If you it on by geography, you have been working few months. U.K. I think you've explained with regards to the bigger vendor you have last year. Could you just maybe walk us through what happened in Continental Europe, Asia and particularly Latin America, which was obviously at the four and now is in? And the second question is on people like Microsoft and Google who have been hiring creative types, if you can give us your thoughts on that?
Michael Roth: Well, let me comment on that and I'll ask Frank to take you through the geographic question. I have always said this, I dont believe they maybe hiring creative types, but it's to help in their business model, but I don't believe the creative work that frankly, any of the holding companies performs on behest of our clients is going to be replaced by either Microsoft or Google. I think the ability to recruit talent to work in an environment that provides the various client sectors if you will, the innovative ideas that go throughout our organization, I think is going to be very difficult to replicate in frankly in Microsoft and at Google. I think its important for them to have creative insights in their marketplace but the big idea if you will, that drives an important part of our business will continue to come from the holding companies and from the creative agencies, because frankly, we have the ability to recruit the type of people that want to work in that environment and provide the type of challenges on a regular basis. So, I dont believe they're going to replace us in terms of the big idea. Obviously they have strengths in the data, in the analytics and we should be working closely with them to make sure that we're optimizing what our clients are looking for.
Frank Mergenthaler: Matthew on a geographic side, when you look at the United States, the softness in tech and auto hurt the U.S. quite a bit, not only in the quarter but year-to-date. Outside the U.S., in the UK, you pointed out that we had a significant event that didnt repeat there other than that but the UK was actually while down, not that bad. In continental Europe, we saw softness in Germany, France, Spain, very much in Italy. In Asia-Pac, we actually had a pretty good quarter in Japan which has been very slow to recover there, well familiar long recession and most of the decline is coming from multinationals in some of the higher-end markets like China and South East Asia. And I think you are seeing the same thing in Latin America where you have got global MNCs pulling back on spend. And in all the other markets, the biggest component to that is probably Middle East where we've got a very strong agency in MCN in that region quite soft especially in the divine market. And I think that that our expectation is we'll see that recover in the near term.
Michael Roth: We just recently went through our leadership program where we brought (inaudible) in leaders if you will, in future starts in the United States and it was from all the geographic regions that Frank just mentioned and here what we want to make sure is that, we have the integrated offering and that all of our people are familiar with all the resources that we have at IPG to bring to the table. So we are attacking this issue on a global basis, and what we want to make sure is that all of our people are aware of all the resources we have at IPG and within the particular brands and agency networks and get them to really focus on all of the great resources we have.
Matthew Walker: Can I just get quickly follow-up on your points about the multi-nationals, there is a point that a publicist made as well with regards to places like China. Is it not a little bit (inaudible) where consumers are relatively strong, so we see multinationals calling back spend?
Michael Roth: Yeah, I think there is a lot of inconsistencies in that market. In terms of the competition in our business, there are 100,000 agencies in China. So its a very different market than what we were frankly accustomed to, and it is somewhat counterintuitive because its the cost of doing business there. You have to be there because of just the large population thats there, but its the competitive nature of it, but I think you have to be there and you have to invest and you have to make a difference. So I think thats the approach everyone's taken. It's difficult to make a big splash there because of the size of it, but you still have to have an offering and compete effectively.
Frank Mergenthaler: Matthew, our view is that this is more macro-economic driven. You've got multinationals pulling back in the short-term but our clients are still very committed to those markets and our view is they will return too aggressively investing behind market share growth when there is visibility that global picture improves.
Michael Roth: Yeah and the local businesses in China, obviously thats a huge growth opportunity and thats where you're going to see a fair amount of focus.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Stabler with Credit Suisse. You may ask your question.
Peter Stabler: Wanted to have the question about the event business, clearly it's an area that is under-performing across the entire peer group and the Octagon quarter results not withstanding, do you think there is any reason to believe that the long-term prospects for this business have dimmed. My understanding is that it's often a difficult aspect of marketing to measure a return on investment and I am wondering whether youre sensing any sort or dimming of enthusiasm for the event marketing business.
Michael Roth: No. Not at all I think, frankly one is a reality aspect of it. Its the easiest thing to turn off. So when people were cutting back, it was easy to cut the events and certainly the environment didnt help where everyone was looking at events as somewhat of a negative thing to do. I think we're starting to see that turn. I think there is no question that there is a place in any marketing service program for events. It has a real impact. I think we can show that it moves the needle and clients certainly embrace it in terms of the opportunity. For example in the automotive business, there is nothing more important than getting someone in the car and experiencing it. So I think that part of the business will continue and it continues to serve a very important part. And frankly the tone is improving in that business and we are starting to have more dialogue. It may be just the timing issue between 2009 and 2010, but I believe that business and we have among the best in class between Jack Morton and Momentum. I think we have great resources and the fact that we're modernizing the event business. It use to be that when you look at the event business, all we were doing was one particular event and it was the mechanical aspect of the event that was driving the business. In todays world we combine digital offerings with the event offering and we make it an integrated offering with PR Digital, the event business and all the different marketing services. So we're not just talking about, it's not your old event business right now, its a much more modern approach to it and I think these are real place for us in the marketplace.
Peter Stabler: Could you comment a little bit about vertical exposure? We know that auto is a big player in event, but what other categories are, and disproportional skewed to event?
Michael Roth: Well I think the tech and telecom was very specific the way it skewed us in the third quarter. As I indicated in my remarks, that one of the components in the third quarter was a big event. In fact in the U.K. in tech and telecom, so that one has an important component to it. Auto it has an important component to it and certainly packaged goods and consumer products has historically been an important part of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Bill Bird, Banc of America-Merrill. You may ask your question.
Bill Bird: By year end, what would your employee count be down year-over-year, net of hires?
Michael Roth: Well we said, the number, we've taken about 5,100, and remember, we go in and out. So its going to be hard for us to predict exact headcount reductions, because what we do is in this environment to the to the extent we can change and add talent, its an opportunity for us. So I cant really commit to talent number in terms of headcount.
Frank Mergenthaler: Bill, we're down 11% from over the past four quarters and we said we're going to be aggressive into the fourth quarter this year. So, we'd expect to see that number continue to rise.
Michael Roth: I think right now we're in the 40,000 employee range. So give or take that should be where we are at.
Bill Bird: Okay and then I guess just bigger picture, how do you think about improving profit per employee?
Michael Roth: Well, obviously profit per employee will be driven by our increase in our overall margins I mean that's our goal. So I think, let me just say at this point. We havent gone off to our goal of achieving competitive margins and competitive revenue. That continues to be the primary driver for our company and frankly we were well on track to achieving that until this economy hit us. So I think with the position we are taking is very simple that is, we've got to get back to those run rate and that's where our objectives are and the way to get to the revenue per employee is to include the revenue and profitability and in the rest is a mechanic. And we keep a very close eye on the headcount. I mean, if you look at the severance, the fact that we have incremental severance should give you an indication that we are managing to the margins and as the business picks up, thats when you'll see an improvement in the profit per employee.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Bank with RBC Capital. You may ask your question.
David Bank: As I look at the business right now and whats happening I see three kind of primary head wins for you, one is obviously the economic factors, the second is the winning and loosing a share and the third is whats happened in terms of fee structure and scope of business. If I go back and I look at what you said on the last call and I realized its impossible, its a very difficult question to address and we appreciate you being so constructive. You kind of saw the second half being like the first half which would have implied 700 or 800 basis point improvement from 3Q to 4Q sequentially, something really changed there. And so my question is, is the thing that really changed, if you look at those three bucket share, kind of fees and economic backdrop, what is the biggest thing that changed and I realized you're not giving an absolute number. So, maybe you're being conservative in your outlook and we really all appreciate that. But if you look at the grand scheme of things, what is the biggest thing that changed in your outlook?
Michael Roth: Well I think its a combination of the economic and the scope. I think you can't talk about one without the other, what's driving this scope of reductions is in fact the overall economic environment. Clients have the same pressure, as frankly we have in terms of delivering on our margins and not withstanding the fact that we are a firm believer. I know its self serving that investing in the brands in a difficult environment is the way you improve your business. Clients look on a much more short-term perspective. So I think that was the biggest factor that led to the numbers that you're seeing. The fact that I referenced the new business opportunities and the fact that we were in all the pitches and we're winning our fair share and then some goes to the issue of whether we have the talent and the resources to compete and I think the answer to that is yes. So, until we see a recovery in the overall economic environment. It's going to be difficult to see consistency in that improvement and I think thats what everyone is waiting for and hopefully 2010 will be the year that we start seeing that kind of recovery and we are very well positioned from a cost profile, from an offering profile to bring our margins up at a rate to reach the competitive margins that is our primary objective.
Frank Mergenthaler: Denise we'll need to wrap up now please.
Operator: Thank you at this time that ends todays conference call.
Michael Roth: Welcome. Thank you all for joining us and obviously we do appreciate the support and we look forward to sharing with you our results for the full year coming up. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time all parties may disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerry Leshne -- SVP, IR Michael Roth -- Chairman and CEO Frank Mergenthaler -- EVP and CFO
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani -- J.P. Morgan John Janedis -- Wells Fargo Securities Brian Shipman -- Jefferies Peter Stabler -- Credit Suisse Matt Chesler -- Deutsche Bank Dan Salmon -- BMO Capital Markets David Bank -- RBC Capital Markets James Dix  Wedbush
Operator: Good morning everyone and welcome to the Interpublic Group Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question and answer portion. (Operator instructions). This conference is being recorded. If you have objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce, Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our Web site interpublic.com and will refer to both in the course of this call. This morning we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We will plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. eastern. During this call we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company which are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry and thank you all for joining us as we review our second quarter and first half results. As always I will start by covering the key points of our performance, Frank will then take us through the full results and after his remarks I will return with some closing comments before we move on to the Q&A. Our second quarter results reflect the impact of the global economic downturn on our industry. We are responding to the market conditions with strong and affective cost control including significant organic expense reductions in the quarter. The second quarter organic revenue decline of 14.5% reflects the challenging environment and June was the quarter's weakest month when compared to last year. Clients continue to be cautious when it comes to committing resources in such an uncertain environment. This is consistent with the fact that the predominant cause of our revenue decline was scope reductions. Adding to the macro issues were a number of factors worth highlighting. First, IPG's performance in last year's Q2 was very strong. So we faced the challenging comp. Second, event marketing has been dramatically curtailed in the current environment. Last, we saw activity in the automotive category slow significantly due to the economy and as one of our largest clients focused on moving through with successful restructuring process. In the aggregate the reductions of event marketing and lower fees from the auto sector combined to contribute about 4% of our overall organic revenue contraction. The balance of the year will continue to be challenging. Nonetheless, we believe that organic revenue performance for the full year will be similar to what we have seen in the first six months of 2009 which saw an organic revenue decrease of 10.5%. We are taking all of the appropriate steps to manage our expenses and contain costs in light of the current revenue environment. Every one of our agency management teams is being diligent in this regard. For the quarter, salaries and related costs excluding severance were down nearly 10% organically. Office and general costs declined to be by over 16% organically. Excluding pass-through expense the organic O&G decline was 7%. This clearly demonstrates that we've been taking the necessary actions and that we have the tools and discipline to exert strong control over our business. It is however not advisable in the service business to take out costs on pace with the level of revenue decline we saw in the second quarter without risking a deterioration in the talent base and the quality of service we deliver to clients. Although the downturn is clearly providing steeper and more lasting than expected using the current revenue environment as a baseline, which has seen our organic revenue down approximately 10% year-to-date, we believe full year operating margin will be 7% to 7.5% excluding incremental year-on-year severance expenses, which we estimate to be approximately $35 million. This would position us to recoup significant margin progress in a nominal growth environment in 2010. Another area in which we never lost focus is liquidity and financial flexibility. Our balance sheet continues to be very strong. Thanks to our long standing conservative approach to strengthening the Company's capital structure, which we added to with our recent and successful bond issue and tender offer in June and July. We are also pleased that our balance sheet exposure to the GM bankruptcy has proven to be negligible. We are confident that our solid balance sheet combined with improved financial systems and cost discipline position us well to come through the economic turmoil and thrive when demand for marketing services pick up as part of a broader recovery. A third key area of focus is on our product and our clients. We are not only taking actions when it comes to containing costs. We remain committed to one of the key strategic priorities that had helped us get this company back on track. And that is to attract and develop top talent across all our agencies. In my closing remarks I will have more to say on that and on the status of our major agency offerings. But now I will hand things over to Frank for a detailed look at our results.
Frank Mergenthaler: Good morning. As a reminder I will be referring to the slide presentation that accompanies our Web site as available on our Web site. As you have seen in our release this morning our revenue picture was especially difficult in the second quarter. In Q2 we saw the full measure of the challenging economic environment that had begun to impact our business in the fourth quarter of 2008 and had intensified in the first quarter of 2009. As a result, after having had a strong second quarters each of the past two years, recession related marketing and advertising reduction by clients led to a sharp decrease this year. Revenue decreased 19.7% in the quarter, while ex-currency and acquisitions our organic revenue decreases 14.5%. These challenges were evident throughout the business and around the world. The impact was clear on our event business, which decreased nearly 40% organically and contribute approximately 2% to organic revenue decline in the quarter. Reductions in auto sector spending contributed to more than 2% to organic revenue change. Geographically our regional revenues reflect the global scope of client spending. More detail on this in a minute. Given the challenging revenue environment we are pleased with how our operators manage cost. Second quarter results continue to demonstrate that we are able to effectively leverage the most flexible components of our cost structure notwithstanding the decrease in revenue. Incentive compensation expense decrease by over 35% organically year-over-year while temporary labor expense decreased approximately 30%. In addition, our base salaries decreased over 6% organically, a result of severance actions taken in the preceding two quarters. In our O&G expenses, controllable expenses were travel, telecom and office supplies decreased more than 30% organically along with lower pass-through expenses, this contributed to incremental leverage on total O&G expenses despite the decrease in revenue. Q2 operating results includes 30 million of severance expense that address 3% of our global work force. This compares to 11 million, a year ago quarter. Severance action over the past three quarters have impacted approximately 9% of our total work force with total expense of 120 million. These actions should produce run rate annual savings of more than twice that number or over 400 basis points on our trailing 12-month revenue. We will continue to manage expenses aggressively and effectively. Q2 operating income was 97 million or 6.6% of revenue compared with 10.9% a year ago reflecting the impact of lower revenue. Incremental severance year-over-year was 140 basis points of revenue. Our diluted EPS was $0.04 per share compared with $0.17 in Q2 '08. During the quarter, we further strengthened our capital structure, reduced our total long-term debt by over 100 million while extending our maturity profile. Turning to Slide #3, you can see our complete P&L for the second quarter. I will cover revenue and expenses in detail on the slides to follow. It's worth noting that while we have previously disclosed a maximum potential balance sheet exposure associated with General Motors to be approximately 50 million, we are pleased that no reserve was warranted in the quarter and that we are receiving payments in accordance with contract terms. Below operating profit, our other expense line reflects the previously announced charge of 25 million for our debt tender during Q2 which does get tax affected. Our tax provision was 4 million, which reflects a favorable adjustment of 23 million related to certain previously unrecognized tax benefits. Turning to a closer look at operations on Slide #4, we provide additional detail on revenue. Revenue in the quarter is 1.47 billion, a decrease of 19.7%. Compared to Q2 '08, exchange rates had a negative impact of 7.1% while net business acquisitions added 1.9%. Our organic revenue change was a decrease of 14.5% and is primarily the result of decreased revenue from existing clients. The auto sector as well as tech and telecom decrease by double-digit percent in the quarter. Regionally among our major markets we had significant decreases in the mature economies of the U.S., Continental Europe, the UK and Japan. By discipline, project work and specifically the event business continue to be especially soft. On the bottom half of the slide you can see the revenue performance of our operating segments. Our Integrated Agency Networks revenue decreased 18.9%. The organic change was a negative 13.9% comprised of 14.5% decrease in the U.S., 13.1% decrease internationally. At our CMG segment Q2 revenue decreased 23.8%. The organic decrease was 17.8% comprised of an 18.7% decrease in the U.S. and 16.2% internationally. This is a segment characterized by project work and all major disciplines decreased. In this context PR performed relatively well. Slide #5 provides a break down of revenue by region. Clearly a difficult global picture. In the U.S., the organic decrease was 15.3% due to factors I've already discussed. Internationally, organic growth was 10.6% in Q2 '08, revenue decreased 25.7% which includes a significant effect from currency. The organic decrease was 13.5%. In the UK revenue decreased 15.7% organically against 11.5% growth a year ago. We had a major project in events that did not repeat this year. In Continental Europe our organic decrease is 14.1%. In the Asia Pac region revenue decreased 14.4% organically against an increase of similar magnitude last year. In Latin America, the organic revenue increase was 2.5% on top of 15% in Q2 '08. Our other market segment decreased 21.8% organically against 20% growth a year ago. On Slide #6 we present a longer view of organic revenue growth attracts our trailing 12-month performance. As you can see this clearly registers the impact on our top line of the recession over the last three quarters. On Slide #7 we take a closer look at operating expenses. As Michael mentioned our financial priorities in this environment are aligning costs and driving margins. In Q2, operating expenses decreased 10.5% organically and excluding higher severance decreased 11.8%. Salaries and related expense was 968 million compared with 1.1 billion, a year ago. This is a decrease of 12.2% in total and 7.5% organically. Excluding severance from both periods, salaries and related decreased 9.4% organically. Viewed sequentially due to the impact of our severance actions, base salaries have decreased by 50 million since Q4. Severance was 30 million compared with 11 million a year ago or 2% of revenue compared with approximately 60 basis points of revenue a year ago. Incentive expenses decreased to 3% of revenue compared with 3.9% a year ago reflecting our current performance. Temporary labor expense, which has been an area of focus for us decreased to 2.6% of revenue from 3.2% a year ago. Turning to office and general expenses, on the lower half of the slide, in Q2, our O&G expense is 409 million, a decrease of 119 million or 22.5%. The organic decrease was 16.2%. O&G expenses improved to 27.7% of revenue compared with 28.8% a year ago due to lower controllable expenses and pass-through costs. Occupancy expense increased to 8.5% of revenue from 7.1% a year ago primarily due to the change in revenue. Travel, office supplies and other controllable expenses were 3.4% of revenue compared with 4.3% in Q2 '08. All other office and general expenses decreased to 14.1% of revenue from 15.7% a year ago, mainly due to the decrease in pass-through expenses connected with project assignments and also reflecting lower recruitment insurance and conferencing costs. On Slide #8 we show our operating margin on a trailing 12-month basis over the past few years. Margin expansion to a fully competitive level remains one of our primary financial objectives. Turning to discussion of our balance sheet and cash flow on Slide #9 I will begin with our recent debt issuance and repurchases most of which was completed in Q2. As Michael mentioned we took advantage of the re-opened credit markets in the quarter and continue to be proactive and conservative with respect to our balance sheet. In June we issued 600 million of 10% notes through 2017 giving consideration to the discount in fees and expenses we raised net proceeds of 572 million and we are pleased by our strong reception in the marketplace. We also repurchased under tender offers $214 million of our November '09 notes and 464 million of our 2011 notes. In early July we completed tenders with the repurchase of 36 million of our 2010 notes. On Slide #10 you can see our debt maturity schedule. Only 36 million remains outstanding of each of our 2009 and 2011 notes. It's worth noting that this schedule is as of quarter end so does not give effect of 36 million repurchased in July. Including July, only 214 million remains of our 2010 notes. We have added the new 600 million of 2017 notes as reflected here. Total debt has been reduced to 2 million and we remain confident that we can redeem our '09 and '010 maturities out of cash on hand. So we believe we have effectively eliminated any anticipated refinancing needs for at least the next three years. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide #11, we ended Q2 with 1.77 billion in cash and short-term marketable securities compared with 1.86 billion a year ago. This comparison reflects the net use of 126 million in our recent debt repurchases. On Slide #12 we turn to cash flow for the quarter. Cash from operations is 234 million compared with 399 million in Q2 2008. Investing activities used 36 million compared with 33 million a year ago. Financing activities used a net 133 million which is attributable to the debt transactions I reviewed earlier. The net increase in cash and marketable securities in the quarter was 113 million. In summary on Slide #13, the quarter clearly reflects the challenges presented by the current economic conditions. We remain focused on delivering outstanding service to our clients. We continue to believe our assets and capabilities are at a competitive level and they are well positioned for long-term value creation. As we navigate these challenges our financial resources remain strong and we are enhanced by our Q2 capital markets transactions. Our teams continue to execute well in managing expenses for the current business environment as well as for the strong profit growth when the economy turns. Now let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. During the second quarter we demonstrated great focus on protecting the bottom line by managing salaries and other expenses aggressively as required given the current circumstances. We must also continue to show that our portfolio and our agency offerings are competitive in today's marketing landscape. In 2007, we closed the organic growth GAAP your peer group. Last year, our organic revenue performance led the industry. We continued to be invited in to the major new business opportunities that are currently in play and we see wins during the first half from a broad range of our agencies. Draft FCB was a top performer in the quarter in terms of both top line and margin delivery. They're fully integrated model is now two years old and is increasingly in demand among CMOs. They're driving strong results for clients. Even in these recessionary times and have added major brands like Starbucks and Miller Lite this year, their healthcare offering is also very strong with recent wins from Merck and Pfizer. At Lowe, we successfully completed the search for a new CEO to partner with Chairman Tony Wright. Michael Wall is a top industry talent and his arrival along with the announcement of the full global management line up has been very well received by clients and agency staff. Lowe's relationship with its core global clients are the strongest they've been for many years and the agency added a new multi national account with the recent Erickson win. At McCann we are pleased to see recent wins like the Microsoft mobile initiative, code-named Pink in a very competitive pitch as well as the Pan-European pitches for GM's new Astro model and for WeightWatchers and the London 2012 Olympics. Just last week they added a great talent in Robert LePlae, who joins us in San Francisco as President for North America with expensive experience and success in the automotive and tech categories as well as in building innovative and thriving agencies. And the agency remains focused on upgrading management and creative talent in key world markets. Our media brands offering is clearly winning in the marketplace. And we are currently gearing up for a number of significant global opportunities. Including Unilever and ICHIA with the markets that will come up for review all represent upside for our agencies. We've seen the dramatic results that initiative has been posting during the past 18 months to 24 month as we revamp the agencies leadership and its offering. UM looks increasingly as if it's on the same path with recent wins from Dyson, BMW, Charles Schwab and successful defense of the nationwide insurance account. At our CMG unit we've already discussed the difficulties experienced by the events business. Conversely, our two global PR firms, Weber Shandwick and Golin/Harris continue to show good resilience in the economic storm. They're clearly the leading brands and the strongest performance in their sector of our industry with notable recent wins including State Farm, J&J and Playtex. And they continue to attract top talent, such as Lisa Sepulveda who joined us last week to lead Weber Shandwick's global consumer marketing practice. Our domestic independence are fighting the prevailing economic issues and staying focused on minimizing margin contraction. The Martin Agency and Hill Holiday stand out in terms of their ability to seek out growth opportunities as do our digital agencies, R/GA and HUGE. As we mentioned previously, all of our agencies across all marketing disciplines are building a high degree of digital competency into their core offerings and we're committed to embedding digital capabilities into every IPG company. Yet it was also encouraging to see HUGE play a key role in the recent low wind at Erickson. Wins at R/GA have included work from Shell [ph] and Wal-Mart. HUGH also recently won new assignments from Target, NBC Universal and Under Armour. As you can see all of our agencies are in the hunt. Keeping close to clients, looking for incremental opportunities with their existing partners, and staying active in the new business arena. We are also excited that GM has come through its restructuring quickly and is focused on launching its reinvention. The initial work to reintroduce the company to U.S. consumers was done by our Deutsche agency and we look forward to working closely with this important client as they take strong steps to move forward in the marketplace. Notwithstanding the uncertain economic environment, you can count on us to stay vigilant on costs and to continue to manage our margins. Assuming an organic revenue decline in the 10% range, which is what we've experienced during the first six months we believe operating margin will be 7% to 7.5% excluding incremental year on year severance expense. Our balance sheet will help us weather the ups and downs until an advertising recovery begins to take hold. And as I mentioned earlier we are well positioned to recoup significant margin progress even in a minimal growth environment next year. Those of you who have been following us for a while now know that we do not shy away from difficult operational or strategic decisions. We continue to invest in talent and revamp our offerings as this company was moving through some very thorny issues a few years back. As a result, we have a strong senior management team across all our major units. These are the key attributes that will stand in to public in good stead as we move forward to enhance our shareholder value. With that I would like to thank you for being with us, thank you for support and now open up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani with J.P. Morgan. Alexia, your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani  J.P. Morgan: Thank you. Can you provide a bit color I guess on the revenue decline in the quarter, I know you highlighted auto in the events business adding about 400 basis points to decline, but even without that the decline in Q2 was dramatically worse in Q1, if you could maybe give us a bit detail behind that. And then second question is given the weakness in June and a more difficult comp in Q3, any reason we shouldn't expect revenue declines in Q3 might be worse than that?
Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia. The important thing to note that in June, our business continued to grow, if you will. The issue is the comps versus last year, we had a very strong second quarter last year, and therefore it accounts for a good percentage drop that you are seeing right now. It's not that the business has fallen off a cliff which is what you would first see. So we continue to see June versus May to be stronger as we have in the past. Q3 continues will be a difficult comp as well. Last year Q3 was very difficult, which was very positive, which makes it difficult to overcome, which is why we are looking at it on a full year basis, and that's why we believe that given on a full year basis, the negative ten, 10.5% is the organic number that we believe for the full year. And what's important to note is that we believe that given that decline we can maintain or bring our margins within 7% to 7.5%.
Alexia Quadrani  J.P. Morgan: When you look at Continental Europe that looks like it got much weaker, I know you said event business had a difficult comp in UK, but was there a difficult comp in Continental Europe also in the quarter, were any other verticals beside tech and telecom that 
Michael Roth: I think the tech and telecom is an important vertical that we've seen some challenges in. And particularly some of our key clients we had a major pull back in terms of spend plus some additional pitches that we were in, we were not successful, which is why we believe the offerings are in fact competitive and the fact that for example McCann won the recent Pink Microsoft engagement was important to us to make sure that we are still competitive. But there is no question that, that particular sector contributed to a decline as well.
Alexia Quadrani  J.P. Morgan: And then just a follow up on the new business, could you comment, do you think you're net positive year-to-date. And I guess the Microsoft relationship you did mentioned a win there, but I know there have been some losses do you think there is any further risk to that relationship and any comments maybe your top ten clients if you are aware of any particular risks to your top ten in relationship?.
Michael Roth: It's a fair point, Alexia. We were pleased obviously with the win at Microsoft. We believe that the relationship is solid. We continue to do great work with respect to particularly the media side of Microsoft as well as their regular business, we think the relationship is not at risk to be specific. And frankly, as we have been talking we think our client has gone through a change in terms of their approach to the marketplace and by adding Robert LePlae to our organization at McCann I think that solidifies our team out there, and we believe that we will continue to perform well with that existing client. As far as the rest of our major clients I think frankly the performance that you've seen with all major clients is, is consistent with the overall economic environment, which is why I made the point that the majority of the decrease in our revenue decline is as a result of scope reductions. It's not lost clients, it's not fee reductions, it's basically scope reductions. So our relationship with our top clients continues to be very strong. Net new business is negative on a year-to-date basis. But we believe that whatever existing pitches are out there we are going to participate and we think the net new business losses is not significant to the overall picture. I think the real focus here is on the scope reductions that we are experiencing across the various sectors. On a positive note I think healthcare business is continue to be solid, we have new business wins there and it's among our best performing sectors.
Alexia Quadrani  J.P. Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis with Wells Fargo Securities. Sir, your line is open.
John Janedis -- Wells Fargo Securities: Hi, thank you, guys. Could you guys talk more about the international business, did some of the emerging markets roll over, and if that's the case do you see a prolonged downturn that could lag the U.S.?
Michael Roth: No, I think there was no question that the performance in the emerging markets slowed down. We are still looking for a recovery in those markets, Latin America, for example was still positive for us although not as positive as was in the past. We've seen a recovery a bit in India and obviously China is an important focus for us. So I do believe although it's slowed I think that we are expecting to see a future improvements in those particular markets. We have very strong offerings in certainly in India, and Russia and Latin America and in China, we are continuing to add to our offerings in China and you will see some additions to talent as well as some very small tactical transactions we believe in China.
Frank Mergenthaler: John, most of this weakness we saw on the Q was global business pulling back. So whether be U.S. multinationals, European multinational pulling back spend across the globe.
John Janedis -- Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks, guys. And as a follow up, when you look at India, China and Russia, do you we're going towards the bottom or do you think we're coming off the bottom?
Frank Mergenthaler: My crystal ball isn't great but it certainly feels like we are coming off of it, in India, we think we're starting to see a recovery. In Russia, our affiliate won two of the biggest media pitches. So I think we're starting to see a little bit of recovery there and Latin America we continue to perform well.
John Janedis -- Wells Fargo Securities: Frank, one quick question I'm sorry if I missed it but did you say what you expect that the incremental severance to be in the second half of the year?
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, we did, John. We said approximately 35 million.
John Janedis -- Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks. Alright.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Shipman with Jefferies. Your line is open. .
Brian Shipman  Jefferies: Thank you. I just wanted to burrow done a little bit more on revenues, we've heard from some of your peers that the hearing of some stabilization from some of their clients in recent months that I know you talked about June already a bit, but you've indicated June was the toughest month of 2Q, why different if we're hearing about stabilization elsewhere. With that run rate you talked about in mind and the second quarter performance, third quarter is very tough comp. Can you give us some more detail about why you feel confident you can still get margins above 7% for the full year? Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: First of all, let me reiterate we didn't say June was falling off the table. What we're saying was June compared to our comp was difficult. Frankly, we did an analysis on a year to year basis, the change from May to June is certainly consistent with the prior year's changes from May to June. So I don't want to leave you with the impression that it just fell off a cliff. It's just the difficult tough comps that we're dealing with.
Michael Roth: I think we had a constant dialogue with all our clients. It certainly feels like the worst is behind us, I mean it's tough to really predict that but all our discussions with our clients now and the numbers that we're using for a full year is from a bottoms up basis. We met with all our management teams, this is their best guesstimate now in terms of what we see for the rest of the year. And frankly I think from our major global clients we've already had those tough dialogues on scope, we've already had tough dialogues on pricing frankly. So it certainly feels that way. You never know whether this economy is going to take a significant deterioration turn for the rest of the year, but based on the stuff that we're hearing from our business people that's what we believe. Third quarter again was a very difficult comp for us versus last year, which is why we think is better to look at it on a full year basis. As far as margins we are totally focused on making sure that there is an alignment between revenue and costs and our business units are frankly maniacal about that, and when Frank and I meet with them on an operating basis and reviews that's a primary focus. So we believe that the number we're using right now is a realistic number for us for the rest of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Stabler with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Peter Stabler -- Credit Suisse: Good morning. Couple of questions on the auto. With GM emerging from bankruptcy, is it safe to say that Q2 probably marks the bottom in terms of auto revenues?
Michael Roth: I would hope so. Obviously, they had a little bit of distraction going on, particularly with General Motors during the quarter. We are actively engaged with that client right now as evidenced by their launching of the reinvention campaign but obviously with the changes going on there we're going to be working very closely with them as they focus on their key markets and their key brands, if you will, and for us, Chevy continues to be the significant brand both from a GM's perspective as well as ours. So we are working very closely with them on that in terms of how we launch the new products that they have coming out as well as focus on the emergence out of bankruptcy. So frankly we have our own new teams put in place to work closely with them and with that we are kind of excited about seeing how they emerge and working closely with them through this process.
Peter Stabler -- Credit Suisse: Thanks, Michael. Can you just talk a little bit about visibility? With this additional guidance, if you will, full year organic growth and EBIY margin, is it safe to assume then that visibility is improving for the business, Q4 is the quarter that typically carries a lot of project revenue but is it safe to say that you're confident on seeing that project revenue come through is increasing at this point?
Michael Roth: I wouldn't exactly hinge our entire performance on project business. I think what we've seen is the dialogue that we're having with our clients. Look, I think it's very important and we have a number of our global clients that have in fact gone on a record that in a difficult environment they have to continue invest in their brand and you have seen that with Craft, you have seen it with Unilever, obviously, our other global clients continue to view that. So I think this is an opportunity to invest behind your brands. And that's the kind of work we're talking to our clients about. And that's what we see. It's not specifically a turn around in the event business that's going to bring us through this. Obviously, that will help. But it's our core businesses. And that's why again if you look at the reductions in revenue as a scope reduction, I think that bodes well as this economy starts to turn around and as our global clients start realizing that they have to continue to spend which they are doing I think that bodes well for us in terms of if you look at the expense reductions that we've taken. The key here is to make sure that we don't start adding expenses as that economy turns around and that we continue to leverage on the up tick.
Peter Stabler -- Credit Suisse: One last quick one for Frank if I may. 35 million incremental severance, how much of that would be applied to actions already taken in terms of headcount reductions versus further headcount?
Frank Mergenthaler: We had a very big severance charge in Q4 '08. So we would think the majority of the heavy lifting is behind us from mid fourth quarter '08 to the end of the second quarter we've had about $120 million of severance, it's associated with 9% of our work force. So to Michael's point, our teams are just maniacally focused but we would think that the majority of heavy lifting in severance we have taken those actions, but with that said we still think we will probably run, leave the third quarter little bit higher than last year and we would expect the fourth quarter to be less.
Peter Stabler -- Credit Suisse: Thanks very much. You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Chesler with Deutsche Bank.
Matt Chesler -- Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Michael Roth: Good morning.
Matt Chesler -- Deutsche Bank: Thank you for the helpful outlook. I'm curious to know as you think about heading in to 2010, if we presume that the economy is healing and perhaps eases out some moderate GDP growth next year, do you think that's an environment where the business can show return to full year growth a positive growth next year or do you think that we're in a period of time here where the current environment has altered and the fundamental of the business might take longer to get back to growth than it took to get to negative.
Michael Roth: Well, I think the negative hit us pretty quickly. I think it's going to take some time to get back to the growth. But what we have been focusing on is the leverage, as the revenue starts to improve as long as long as we don't do anything stupid on the expense side we should see the leverage benefits of that picking up. So that's why we believe we can still see margin improvement even with a modest improvement in 2010, I think that's a key important factor in our business model. The other side of it is, is we've gone a long way in terms of our tools and resources and helping clients, measure and help them allocate their dollars. So I think with these tools it's going to really enable our clients to target where they should spend their dollars and we have to be able to help them on the integrated offering deliver and clearly digital is an important part of that, which is why we see our investments in digital really paying off and they are a critical component of the integrated offering that we are having right now. Because clearly measurability and effectiveness in terms of the spend is what our clients are looking for and it's up to us to work closely with them to make sure they maximize their dollars.
Matt Chesler -- Deutsche Bank: So you did bring up digital, is digital part of your business where you are actually seeing a positive year-over-year growth, and those assets and it also raises the question about, Frank, your use of cash flow in this environment, how do you feel about corporate activity and M&A in this environment?
Frank Mergenthaler: On the digital side, there is no question that our clients are spending more of their dollars on digital. So we have to be able to recoup them. We had a couple of good business wins on the digital side and frankly we had one client assign some of the digital work so. And that hurt us a bit. But we continued to think our digital offering is very strong, and we've been up against all our strong competitors and we've been able to succeed in head to head pitches with them. It's certainly an area we're going to continue to invest in and grow in the future.
Matt Chesler -- Deutsche Bank: Okay, just one final question and then I'll let someone else jump in. This is the follow up on Alexia's question earlier. You guys are clearly off to a very good start so far in the third quarter, with those recent wins, do you think you're back to positive for year-to-date in terms of new business or you're still slightly negative?
Michael Roth: Right now we're slightly negative. When the new business wins kick in we are not going to see immediate pick up in the third quarter. That's why we like to look at it for six months for the rest of the year. The timing of that stuff is very difficult. A lot of our new business wins were in the media side, which again is going to be more back ended rather than immediate. Let me comment on one of the previous questions was on the M&A side, which we didn't give Frank a chance to answer but we still say that we had indicated that the M&A side of our business we're going to be very strategic and careful, we haven't spent a significant amount of dollars, we had estimated about $100 million in total CapEx, and a lot of its towards the back end of the year. We still see small transactions in key markets whether be China or Latin America, but nothing of any significance in that environment.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Dan Salmon -- BMO Capital Markets: I'm going to stay on the free cash flow priorities for a moment. I think we laid out view on M&A there fairly well. So Frank, would you continue to see yourself trying to take free cash flow to sure up the balance sheet a little bit and move towards investment grade rating? And then just specifically you said in the past on M&A that you're targeting $100 million per year, sounds like that's roughly the same still, but I just wanted to confirm that as well?
Frank Mergenthaler: Thanks, Dan. Being investment grades is important. I think we've been pretty diligent over the past three years and how we managed our cash and how managed our balance sheet. I think the capital markets transaction we did in the second quarter is a good example of that. So we will continue to look at things and to Michael's point we got the wherewithal to invest. But we will be very disciplined in how we invest and we're going to be very selective in where we invest. And we will continue to look but we're going to be very, very conservative in how we deploy that cash.
Dan Salmon -- BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Just a follow up on that, in terms of heading towards investment grade, and the balance sheet, is there any guidance you can give us in terms of I know you shored up sort of near term maturities here but where your focus might be on the balance sheet going forward?
Michael Roth: Right now we are in constant dialogue with the rating agencies. There is no definitive road map to investment grade. The best thing we can do is continue to focus on our costs and driving margins and get through this difficult economic scenario and put consistent profit improvements on the board and we believe that will take care of itself.
Frank Mergenthaler: I'm sure this is a follow-up question from someone and that is if you continue to have excess cash, which we believe we do, what are we going to do with that excess cash, and do we need the excess cash on our balance sheet to support investment grade or eventually when things start settling down in its consistency what do we do with the excess cash in terms of buying back shares, dividend or transactions. That question has always been asked of us and we consistently responded that in a difficult environment it's great to have that on our balance sheet and frankly that's proven to be the case for us. So we will continue to watch that very closely and but we are not at the point right now of saying that all that excess cash is going to be put to use and so we like to keep it that way right now.
Michael Roth: And Dan, just to repeat what I said in my prepared comments we do intend to deal with the '010 maturities with cash on hand.
Dan Salmon -- BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank -- RBC Capital Markets: Thanks very much. I guess primary question being it's somewhat easy to understand what's going on in the top line given the environment. But on the margin side you were able to continue your trend of managing O&G side, and as a percent of revenues actually improving performance. Could you give a little bit better understanding in terms of the salaries and related line, even x-ing out the impact of severance that took another 150 basis points out, but if you look on a year-over-year basis, salary and related were up 600 basis points as a percent of revenue while you kept O&G flat and x-ing out severance of 150 basis points, you are still up 450. What's going on and can you continue kind of give us the bridge that gets you to the continued improvement because this is really your next job is to banging up the salaries and related lines. Sorry for taking so long to ask the question.
Frank Mergenthaler: Probably a more appropriate way to look at is the sequential decline. And the way our business is it's seasonal, so in a growth year like we saw last year you saw that our headcount topped off at the end of the third quarter. Since the end of the third quarter we've aggressively been managing that headcount down to near what was going on, on our top line. I think we've demonstrated pretty strong discipline there and we will continue to demonstrate that. So we had a $50 million decline since the end of the year on our salary line. We also have some of our variable expenses like incentive compensation and temporary labor, which I think we made good progress against. So looking at quarter to quarter I know that's the way we report. But look at sequentially the improvement that's gone on and I think it does show we've been pretty disciplined there.
Michael Roth: The other part of it is we do invest in people in this difficult environment. And I think that's one of the big opportunities that we see. Aside from the notable talent that we've added which I made reference to in my opening remarks, you have R/GA, which is growing on a global basis, they've added headcount to their portfolio. And that supports exactly what we've been saying in terms of our investment in digital and our growth in that market. So it is the balance here between reallocating capital and adding to our growth discipline as well as managing our headcount. And that's why I say we're monitoring that very carefully and everyone of our business units if they are adding to their headcount or replacing their headcount we have to understand the story behind it and whether it's revenue generated or not. So I think what we have shown is a discipline, and that discipline I think is going to do us well with respect to retooling, if you will, our people to be more competitive in this marketplace. And I think that's the trade-off that we have to watch for.
David Bank -- RBC Capital Markets: I guess I understand that, but in terms of a longer term story, I guess I will push a little bit harder in terms of getting maybe clarity on what do you think you can do with that line over the next couple of years?
Frank Mergenthaler: I think our goal has always been to be below 60% ratio, and you get there two ways, you get there by revenue and you get there by taking expenses and my opening remarks I commented that this is not the time for us to take slash and burn expenses out of our business because this isn't the kind of a recession that businesses are going out of business per se, it's cut backs in scope. And when that scope comes back we have to be in a position to service those clients with quality people. So I think you have to watch that very carefully. And our goal will continue be to get those margins. Do we think there is improvement our there in terms of those ratios? The answer is yes. But you have to watch revenue as well as taking the expenses out.
David Bank -- RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks so much.
Frank Mergenthaler: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from James Dix with Wedbush. Your line is open.
James Dix  Wedbush: Good morning, gentlemen. Just a couple of questions, first, any way you could quantify or give any more color as to how much business surprised you in the quarter versus what you were expecting going in on McCann talk a little bit about it on their call, wondering if you can give any color there. And then with GM was there any impact on your fees or do you expect any from the bankruptcy reorganization again somewhat as McCann saw with Chrysler? And then one final one, on incentive accruals, what's the lowest you can really go on that, that got down to 3% of revenue level, is any color as to how much you can manage that in terms of helping your margins?
Michael Roth: Let me take the easy one, and that incentive comp, what we've said and we're consistent that our incentive comp is performance-based. So you see the reduction in, in our incentive comp and how low that can go will be a function of our performance. Okay. At some point of time obviously any retention and things like that. But right now we are clearly in the performance mode. And the numbers that you see reflect the appropriate reduction based on our performance. As far as General Motors goes, obviously there was a bit of a distraction going through their bankruptcy proceedings, so we certainly we are working on launches of new products and so on and so. That kind of impact we hope to see for the balance of the year and certainly into 2010. As far as visibility goes, Frank, you want to talk about that?
Frank Mergenthaler: We don't want to get into talking month to month but I think that June did was a bit of a surprise for us. April and May were relatively soft, our expectations was June would be down year on year just because it was a very difficult comp but I think we were a bit surprised at how much it was done.
James Dix  Wedbush: Any color as to like why was it just across the board in terms of categories, the ones we talked about or? .
Michael Roth: I think that the sectors we talked about are the ones that caused the results. And you never know what clients are going to do, but there are clients. And we have to deal with it. And that's what we've seen, I mean it's disappointing to see a surprise like that, but then again we've been surprised on the positive side before as well. So it's the nature of our business. This isn't a science, if you will, and what we have to do is make sure we are close to our clients. And when we have operating reviews that's what our people come in and talk about. Where do they come up with these numbers, what's their conversation with our clients, where do they need resources, how can we help. I think the notion of the integrated offering is going to be a very important vehicle for us going forward. That is clients are looking for us to bring the best we have to the table and I think we are seeing more and more of that in the marketplace and if you look at some of our recent client wins, if you will, and the fact that a lot of the new business requests out there are asking for solutions that include all the IPG assets. So I think that's what's important to us right now. And that is staying close to the marketplace. Having the resources that are necessary to bring to the table and work closely with our clients, I mean that's what it's all about. And it's tough out there, but the good news is we are having conversations with our clients. And it's not that they totally disappeared. And I think that's the opportunity that we see going forward.
Jerry Leshne: Operator, unfortunately we are bumping up against our 9:30 stop time. So let's bring the call to a conclusion.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the Q&A portion of our call. I would turn the conference back over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Well again thank you very much for your support and we look forward to as the rest of the year unfolds meeting with you. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-28 08:30:00) =====
The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (IPG):
Executives: Jerry Leshne  SVP, IR Michael Roth  Chairman & CEO Frank Mergenthaler  EVP & CFO
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani  JPMorgan John Janedis  Wachovia Securities Craig Huber  Barclays Capital Peter Stabler  Credit Suisse Meggan Friedman  William Blair & Company Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley Matt Chesler  Deutsche Bank Michael Nathanson  Sanford Bernstein Dan Salmon  BMO Capital Markets Tom Singlehurst  Citigroup Todd Morgan  Oppenheimer & Co.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The Interpublic Group first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. (Operator instructions). This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our Web site interpublic.com and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A and we plan to conclude before market open at 9.30 A.M. Eastern. During this call we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company which are subject to uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. At this point it is may pleasure to turn things over to Mike Roth.
Michael Roth: Good morning. Thank you, Jerry and thank you all for joining us as we review our first quarter results. As always I will start by covering the headlines of our performance, Frank will then take us through the full results and after his remarks, I will return with some closing comments before we move on to the Q&As. Although it's not exactly news, the starting point against which to assess our first quarter performance is the difficult economy in which we have been operating which began to impact media and marketing services during the last four weeks to six weeks of 2008. The global recession is taking its toll on many different types of businesses. More important, is how the dramatic effect on consumer confidence. As a result, certain clients have pulled back on the spend, particularly in some key geographic markets and industry sectors. This led to our organic revenue result which was a decrease of 5.6% in the quarter compared to a year ago. So not unexpected and in line with our expectations, this abrupt change in the revenue environment has required that we take aggressive action to monitor and cut costs. That is what's required in order to protect our margins and consolidate the significant gains and profitability made during these past few years. Of course, managing in today's world is not easy. You had to stay very vigilant and move quickly to address issues. As was the case in the fourth quarter last year during this first quarter, we continued to demonstrate that the investments we made on upgrading financial talent and systems are paying off in improved control over the business. We are pleased to see the benefits of our proactive approach to cost management in a seasonal net loss during the first quarter of 2009. That was comparable to the same period in 2008 despite the very challenging top-line environment. As you can see this was also the case with our quarterly EPS performance which was within a penny of last year's first quarter. Unfortunately, in a professional service business times like these invariably requires staff reductions which are very difficult in terms of the human costs involved. Like in the fourth quarter of last year, during the first quarter, we continued to reduce staff across most of our agencies. Consequently, severance expense rose significantly compared to first quarter of 2008. Excluding this expense in both periods, operating margins would have been flat year-over-year despite the reported revenue decrease of over 10%. This underlying performance proves that we've been making the hard, but necessary choices to successfully see the company through this period of uncertainty. Second area in which is vital to stay focused during this tough times is liquidity and financial flexibility. Our balance sheet continues to be strong, thanks to our long-standing conservative approach to strengthening the company's capital structure. We continue to believe that our existing liquidity allows us to handle the 250 million maturities that will come due late this year and in 2010. Therefore, we are confident that our balance sheet combined with our improved cost discipline position us well to move through the current market volatility. A third and last key area of focus given the challenging economy and the fact that we operate in a very competitive industry is our product and our clients. As you will hear from Frank's remarks nearly all of our units made positive contributions to the first quarter results. That's because all of our agencies are totally focused on the needs of their clients and on improving their offering so as to help clients navigate through the current environment. This is what's required for success in the service business. I will have a bit more to say about that what we're hearing in conversations with clients in my closing comments. At this point I will turn it over to Frank.
Frank Mergenthaler: Good morning. As a reminder, I will be referring to the slide presentation as available on our Web site. Beginning with Slide #2, the global recession have resulted in the most challenging revenue environment in many years. Our revenue decreased 10.8% from year ago, reflecting significant pressure on demand for our services as well as the impact of stronger U.S. dollar on year-over-year comparisons. Our organic decrease was 5.6%. At the same time, we continued to manage our expenses effectively, with organic expense decreases in both of our principal operating expense lines. This includes difficult but appropriate severance actions which resulted in severance expense of 42 million, an increase of $28 million from a year ago. Over the past six months, we have incurred approximately $90 million of severance expense related to the separation of approximately 2,800 employees or 6% of our work force. Our seasonal operating loss was 82 million compared with a loss of 58 million a year ago. Excluding severance from both periods our operating margin was flat compared to last year despite the decline in revenue. Our basic and diluted seasonal loss per share was $0.16 compared with a loss of $0.15 in first quarter '08. Turning to Slide #3, you can see our complete P&L for the first quarter. I will cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Below our loss from operations interest expense and interest income decreased from a year ago primarily due to lower prevailing short-term interest rates. Our income tax benefit in the quarter was 25 million, which is an effective rate of 25.5%. Our Q1 benefit rate is typically low due to the fact that we have markets outside the U.S., where we have pretax losses without a related P&L benefit. Our full-year tax rate expectations are in the range of approximately 45%. On Slide #4 provide additional detail on revenue. Revenue in the quarter is 1.33 billion, a decrease of 10.8%. Compared to Q1 '08, exchange rates had a negative impact of 7.3% while net business acquisitions added 2.1%. Our organic revenue change was decrease of 84 million or 5.6%, and is primarily the result of decreased spend from existing clients. By sector as you would expect auto and financial services were by far the weakest. Outside of auto and financial, client sectors were in a range of down moderately to up moderately. Regionally, among our major markets, we saw the most significant decreases in Japan and the U.S. On the bottom half of this slide, you can see the revenue performance of our operating segments. At our integrated agency networks, revenue decreased 10.2%. The organic change was negative 5.4% comprised of an 8.4% decrease in the U.S. and 1.5% decrease internationally. Revenue declined across our major agency groups with a notable exception of Draft FCB. At our CMG segment, Q1 revenue decreased 13.8%. The organic decrease was 7%, comprised of 10.8% decrease in the U.S. the organic comparison was flat internationally. Our events business which typically includes large scale business to business forums decreased significantly. Our PR businesses taken together had only a slight organic decrease. Slide #5 provides a break of Q1 revenue growth by region. In the U.S., the organic decrease was 8.8% due to the factors I mentioned. Broad based moderation and spending my clients, the challenges of the auto and financial sectors and weakness in the events business. Draft FCB had solid U.S. growth led by the healthcare sector and direct marketing activity. Internationally, revenue decreased 14.5%, which includes significant effect from currency. The organic decrease was only 1.3%. In the UK where the currency effect was dramatic revenue increased 4% organically led by growth at low. In continental Europe organic decrease was 3.3%. This was partially offset by solid performance in Germany by McCann and media brands as well as some of the smaller markets on the continent. In the Asia-Pac region revenue decreased 6.8% organically. Japan continues to be very challenging due to the economy. Growth in China and India markets slowed. In Latin America, organic revenue growth was 3.4%, led by increases at Draft FCB. Our other market segment increased 16.3% due to our acquisition of MCN in the Middle East in Q3 '08, a decrease 0.3% organically. On Slide #6 we present a longer view of organic revenue growth attracts our trailing 12-month performance. As you can see this clearly registers the impact on the top-line of the recession over the past two quarters. On Slide #7, we take a closer look at operating expenses. As Michael mentioned our financial priorities in this environment, aligning costs and driving margins. And in Q1, operating expenses decreased 4% organically. Excluding severance our operating expenses decreased 5.9% organically, and we maintain flat underlying operating margin year-over-year despite the revenue environment. Salaries and related expenses were 997 million compared with 1.06 billion a year ago. This is a decrease of 6.4% in total and a decrease of 1.8 percent organically including the impact of the higher severance. Excluding severance from both periods salaries and related decreased 4.5% organically. Severance expense 42 million in the quarter compared with 14 million a year ago or 3.1% of revenue, compared with approximately 90 basis points of revenue a year ago. Our severance actions in the quarter directly affected approximately 4 percent of global work force across multiple business units and regions, predominantly in the U.S. and Continental Europe. We expect that our annualized savings will be approximately 2.5 times our Q1 expense. Incentive expense decreased to 3% of revenue compared with 3.8% a year ago. Temporary labor expense decreased to 2.7% of revenue from 3.6% a year ago notwithstanding the lower revenue base. This has been an area of increasing discipline for us as the economy slows and should continue to be a flexible part of our expense base going forward. Other salaries and related expense decreased to 2.1% of revenue from 2.9% a year ago. The decrease was due mainly to lower performance-based bonuses. Turning to office and general expenses on the lower half of the slide, in Q1, our O&G expense was 411 million, a decrease of 64 million or 13.5%. The organic decrease was 8.4%. O&G expenses were 31% of revenue compared with 32% a year ago. Professional fees decreased approximately 7 million to 31 million in the quarter and decreased to 2.3% of revenue from 2.5%. Occupancy expense increased to 9.6% of revenue from 8.8% a year ago primarily due to lower revenue base. Travel expenses, office supplies and other controllable expenses decreased to 4% of revenue from 4.9% a year ago. All other office and general expenses decreased to 15.1% of revenue from 15.8 a year ago mainly due to the decrease in pass-through expenses and revenue in the quarter in connection with our project assignments. On Slide #8, we show our operating margin are trailing 12-month basis over the past few years which represent a period of strong progress for us, margin expansion to a fully competitive level remains one of our primary financial objectives but has obviously made more challenging by the current environment. As you can see our trailing margin is 8.5%, down 20 basis points from yearend. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on Slide #9, you can see that we ended Q1 with 1.66 billion in cash and short-term marketable securities compared with 1.51 billion a year ago. This is the highest Q1 ending level in our history. The year-over-year balance sheet comparisons reflect the strong impact from the currency changes which decreased payables and receivables by approximately 10%. In the liabilities section short-term debt includes November maturity of our 5.4% $250 million senior notes. On Slide #10, we turn to the cash flow for the quarter. Cash used in operations was a seasonal use of 557 million compared with 288 million in Q1 2008. The comparison is due to higher use of cash and working capital compared to a year ago, 485 million compared with 240 million. We typically use cash and working capital in Q1 due to the seasonality of our business while typically generating cash from working capital in Q4. Cash use increased this quarter due to the combination of a very strong Q4 '08 working capital result that reverses in Q1, along with lower revenue and billings in the first quarter. As I mentioned, our cash and short-term marketable securities position at quarter-end increased approximately 150 million year-over-year. Investing activities use 25 million compared with 48 million a year ago due to decrease in our capital expenditures to 20 million. Financing activities use 16 million compared to 207 million a year ago when we repaid 191 million of our convertible notes. The net decrease in cash and marketable securities in the quarter was 616 million compared with 525 million in the Q1 2008. Slide #11 depicts our debt maturity schedule as of March 31st. Total debt was 2.1 billion. Our maturities are well spaced going forward with as I mentioned 250 million maturing in November 2009 and the same amount in November 2010. Looking at Slide #12 we continue to be focused on meeting the needs of our clients in this difficult economy. In light of the severity of the recession we're pleased with our financial performance in the quarter. We believe recent results speak to the fact that Interpublic is under control and executing to a high standard across our businesses. We're realizing the benefits of the flexible aspects of our cost structure and we're seeing tangible yield on the investments we've made in services, tools and talent. These are assets that along with our strong financial resources will position us well for the upside when the economy rights itself. Now, let me turn it back over to Michael
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. As you can see despite the impact of the broader economic situation on our revenue we demonstrated the appropriate cost discipline and successfully managed margins in the quarter as we did in the fourth quarter last year. We also derived benefits from a diversified model. Latin America and certain European economies, notably the UK and Germany held up well in relative terms. If as many people believe the U.S. ultimately leads us out of the global recession that will clearly be advantageous for us at IPG. Similarly, there is some built-in buffers due to our highly diversified client base. While the automotive and financial service sector were very hard hit other client industries were anywhere from down 1% or 2% to up in the high single digit. In fact in the aggregate, our top 100 clients excluding the two hardest hit categories were actually flat for the quarter. Our diversified service offering is also a plus. Draft FCB is low was both strong contributors in the quarter. Our PR and healthcare marketing agencies are showing resilience and we're still seeing demand in the direct and digital arenas. McCann had some wins in the quarter internationally and initiative kept the momentum going with the MillerCoors consolidation win. Big wins in April include Miller Lite by Draft FCB, Wal-Mart digital by RGA and the retention of the Home Depot by initiative in a number of our specialist media agencies in a very competitive pitch where we also picked up new digital responsibilities. All of which helps to mitigate the broader declines driven by the economy and certain national markets and client sectors. Of course, it goes without saying that the tone we are hearing from our clients remains very measured and cautious. They want to be sure they are getting the maximum value for their marketing spend and they're keeping a close eye on consumer sentiment which seems to be stabilizing. But there is also a clear understanding on the part of most of our clients that under investing in their brands creates significant risk of lost market share in the long-term. Just as we are asking clients not to lose sight of the value of their brands in the midst of this economic storm it's worth mentioning that the state of our brands is very strong. The various (inaudible) agency report card issues by the leading trade publications recently came out and it's fair to say the overall ratings that our companies received are higher than we've seen in a long time. The strength and scale of our overall digital business is beginning to be recognized. We're winning agency of the year recognition in the media, digital, PR and advertising categories in many world markets. This is the ultimate validation of our top strategic priority in the past few years, which has been to invest in talent and professional development across all of our agencies, particularly when it comes to digital and strategic leadership. Going forward, we will continue to focus on delivering customized integrated solutions that draw the best of IPG capabilities from across the various agencies within our holding company. This is what our clients need in an increasingly complex and digital marketing landscape, and what will allow us to play an increasingly important role in the evolving digitally-enabled conversation between marketers and consumers. Of course we will also continue to deploy our improved cost discipline and to ensure that we are managing to our margins. This combination of professional excellence and fiscally conservative management will position us to come through the current period of economic turbulence and to capitalize on future opportunities and step with an economic recovery. At this point I would like to open up the floor to questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani of JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani  JPMorgan: Hi, thank you. Couple of questions. First, could you comment if there are any particular trends in terms of how revenue progressed throughout the quarter and then also what you're seeing any color you may give us what you're seeing early in Q2? And I have a follow up.
Michael Roth: Good morning, Alexia. Obviously, January was a difficult month for us. We continued  obviously it's still challenging, but we've seen some improvements in February and March. Clearly, with respect to the rest of the year, we are monitoring very carefully, but gradually we hope to see some gradual improvement, but it's still very difficult to call. And so there is no reason from  I know you don't have a crystal ball, but there is no reason to assume that revenue trends will deteriorate necessarily in the second quarter?
Frank Mergenthaler: I would say there is no need to compelling evidence to see it. But obviously you have to assume some cautiousness in this environment. And then when you are looking at our agencies, are there still some select few that maybe are still showing improvements in profitability in this difficult marketplace maybe as a result of the turnaround efforts you made over the last couple of years or ?
Michael Roth: Certainly, I mean, Lowe was a good example. Obviously, they continue to make strong improvement, particularly in reflecting the numbers that you see in the UK. Draft FCB continues to show improvement with respect to its new client wins and revenues. So we are seeing improvement in a number of our agencies against the difficult environment.
Alexia Quadrani  JPMorgan: So would you think it be possible to just sort of maintain this impressive feat in the quarter keeping margins flat ex-severance through the year if the revenue trends persist
Michael Roth: Our goal is to try to maintain the level of margin, obviously if there is a big deterioration in revenue as we go through the year it'd become more difficult. But we're certainly taking hard actions to keep that possible.
Frank Mergenthaler: Alexia, as we said on the fourth quarter call we believe maintaining flat margins with revenues down 2% to 3% was dual beyond that will be challenging especially due to the severance headwinds.
Michael Roth: We are pleased with the flow through benefits that we're seeing with respect to the actions that we're taking. And you are seeing that in the result that you see in the first quarter.
Alexia Quadrani  JPMorgan: Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: You're welcome.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next is John Janedis of Wachovia. Your line is open.
John Janedis  Wachovia: Hi, thank you, good morning. It looks like your European business was flattish during the quarter. There has really been talk about the U.S. weakness flowing into the  those markets. Are you starting to see that early in Q2 and were there certain one-time events in the UK that we should be thinking about?
Michael Roth: Well, I think the one time events is new business that's picked up at Lowe with respect to Unilever in particular. And obviously they are also picking up some other new business. Our other agencies are in a number of pitches. I wouldn't call it a trend per se, but obviously, it's helpful to have those kind of wins.
John Janedis  Wachovia: Okay. And just on the GM dealer business is that meaningful for you guys? And what are your initial thoughts on the proposed reduction in the U.S. dealer camp by the end of next year?
Michael Roth: Well, whatever GM does to assure their viability going forward that we support. With respect to the dealership it's not a material number for us. We do some of the dealers with respect to their local advertising, but the bulk of our revenue stream comes from General Motors.
John Janedis  Wachovia: Okay, thanks. Maybe one quick one on Lowe, Michael, how does profitability look there this year? Does it take a step back due to the economy?
Michael Roth: Every one of our agencies are looking at maintaining their margins, obviously Lowe in particular, the Saab business, although it's not significant to us overall, may have an impact on Lowe, but we have a couple of new business pitches that hopefully will replace it. So, we are cautiously optimistic that the improvements we've seen at Lowe will continue.
John Janedis  Wachovia: Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: That's fair.
Operator: Next Craig Huber, Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Craig Huber  Barclays Capital: Yes. Good morning. Thank you. First question, can you just update us further on what your new business wins well here in the first quarter?
Frank Mergenthaler: In terms of first quarter, obviously, retention of Home Depot was a good win for us, in fact, we picked up some additional business, the MillerCoors media as well as the Draft FCB win was a big win for us. The Wal-Mart digital pitch  actually we had two of our digital agencies in the finals there, MRM and RGA. So, we were pleased with those. McCann picked up in Detroit in the first quarter. So we picked up a win there. So we've had some good wins. And to answer your question we do see a net positive for the year so far.
Craig Huber  Barclays Capital: We'll just switch over to severance. What is your expectations for how much severance (inaudible) during the first quarter? I think it's 42 million in the first quarter.
Michael Roth: We were very aggressive, Craig, in Q4 and Q1, and we'll continue to gauge revenue and where we think that's going and I think all the teams around the world you have various scenarios planned out and I think you will see us continue to be aggressive on cost actions to the extent the revenue continues to be soft.
Craig Huber  Barclays Capital: But is it fair to say you front loaded it (inaudible)?
Frank Mergenthaler: As I said we were very aggressive with Q4, I mean, we severed approximately 2800 people, which is roughly 6% of our work force, so we think that we've taken a lion share based on what we know today
Craig Huber  Barclays Capital: My last question please. On General Motors, just given the concern up there among your investor base, worst case scenario, if General Motors just half of bankruptcy, and absolutely worst case, assuming entire operations General Motors shuts down, what would be the cash impact your company realizes which roughly about 5% probably of your top line, where will your cash hit on the working capital and working progress type stuff?
Frank Mergenthaler: We quantified on the Q4 call, an exposure of approximately 150 million and that's comprised of receivables work in process, and committed media, we think that number is still a relatively good number.
Michael Roth: And again we can't comment on what happens when you go through bankruptcy. There is a lot of flexibility in bankruptcy in terms of who gets paid, when they get paid and what amount. So the number that Frank just gave you assumes a very conservative assumptions and hopefully that won't be the case, but we are using that for guidance.
Craig Huber  Barclays Capital: Will that include in worst case again if you had to shut down your Detroit operation, (inaudible) severance smaller too?
Michael Roth: No. That does not assume shutting down our Detroit operations, and I think it's  again I don't mean to speculate, but once all this clears through and General Motors gets through whatever the process is going to be, there is still going to be a demand to market automobiles and we are well positioned to continue our partnership with General Motors and going forward we would expect to continue that relationship.
Frank Mergenthaler: And, Craig, for the most part, our Detroit agencies have other clients than General Motors.
Craig Huber  Barclays Capital: I just wanted to hear the worst case. Okay, thank you.
Michael Roth: You're welcome.
Operator: Next Peter Stabler, Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Peter Stabler  Credit Suisse: Good morning. Thanks a lot. Returning to auto and financial services could you give us a sense of those two large categories? How they might split between IAN and CMG, is it proportional to the size of the segment or was it somewhat disproportional?
Michael Roth: It's probably proportional. We don't have that data readily available, but I know that both segment service those individual sectors.
Frank Mergenthaler: And auto and transportation, we have a number of businesses in there, it's about 13% financial services to-date, and in financial service a significant portion of that is Master Card.
Peter Stabler  Credit Suisse: And you mentioned that the other categories were essentially flat, so we can include healthcare and retail in there? That's 
Michael Roth: Actually, healthcare and retail were sectors that were quite positive. We've seen a good resilience, if you will, with respect to both categories. Clearly, on the retail side we do Kohl's and Wal-Mart, and on the healthcare, J&J, GSK among other companies. So that sector has been performing well for us.
Peter Stabler  Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks very much.
Michael Roth: You're welcome.
Operator: Next is Meggan Friedman, William Blair & Company. Your line is open.
Meggan Friedman  William Blair & Company: Hi. Where you have clients who have cut back on spending, how is this split? Is it primarily a pull back in project-based spending or are they renegotiating contracts?
Michael Roth: It's  obviously, everyone starts out with the assumption they want the same for less, but most of our clients understand that this is a business and we have to maintain our margins as well. So part of the process is reductions in scope. We have to show how we can be more efficient. Obviously, lot of the headcount reductions that we see go towards the efficiency of us meeting the demands from our clients. So it's a combination. But I would say the bulk of it is scope type of requirements.
Meggan Friedman  William Blair & Company: And then you mentioned that growth slowed in China and India. Can you maybe provide an updated outlook for performance in the emerging markets? Do you think that trends there are just widening the developed market or are you expecting continued marketing investments there?
Michael Roth: Yes, I think it's pretty clear that with respect to those markets, they will continue to be strong environments  look, on a global basis there has been cut backs and that's no surprise. We certainly are not pulling back with respect to our investments in China and India and Brazil and Russia, because we think in the future those are going to be key markets. Those are where our clients are going to be and we have to be positioned to support them.
Meggan Friedman  William Blair & Company: Okay. And then one housekeeping question. The statement about the annual savings from the severance would be about 2.5 times the Q1 expense? Is that from the Q1 and Q4 actions or just for Q1?
Frank Mergenthaler: That is an annual run rate for the aggregate savings.
Meggan Friedman  William Blair & Company: Okay, great, thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: You're welcome.
Operator: Next Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Two questions if I may. One on the balance sheet side  I don't know if you'd be willing to comment about. Any changes you're making to payment terms or how you're attacking sequential liability concerns as you move through the year. Obviously there's  I'm sure increased focus on all these areas of working capital on your end. And then stepping back and looking at auto for the team, I don't know if you'd be willing to comment on how large a category that is for you and what the trend has been over the last couple of quarters. We've seen to be stepping away from the worst case and looking at potential upside scenarios. You're seeing massive government intervention on the auto sector, not just in the U.S. but across the globe. Any views on GM and other larger clients in the U.S. outside the U.S., where you might see pick up in auto sales which might lead to more brand launches and how that might flow through your business as we look in the back half of the year?
Michael Roth: Well, auto and transportation is 13%, to give you a sizing of it. Yes, let's face it that with respect to General Motors, we provide the bulk of work for Chevy. And if you  no matter who you are listening to at General Motors, the launches coming up with Chevy are a critical component of General Motors going forward and therefore it's a critical component for us with the work that we do for them going forward. So we are positioned  which is why I said, once General Motors gets through all of this, we will be very well positioned with respect to working with them as they come through this. And certainly the corporate work as well as Chevrolet are critical components of that.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the payment terms, it's a topic that becomes more front and center. Clients are constantly trying to adjust payment terms. We've been I think very disciplined in holding to the existing terms of the contractual arrangements. We're very aggressive with respect to payments that go beyond terms. I think that the teams around the globe have done a good job in making sure we collect according to the terms. And sequential liability is something that was not at the forefront of client discussions. It is now and we got sequential liability with a number of key vendors and some vendors we don't. So it's an area that we're going to try and push very hard for, because we feel strongly about it when we're acting as an agent as opposed to a principal. But in today's environment, everybody is very much aware of the liquidity concerns out there, so everybody is fighting for their cash protection.
Michael Roth: There is no one blanket answer to that, of course so all of our units and all of our clients. Obviously our Treasury group work closely with our clients. We monitor credit risks. We watch it on a daily basis in terms of where the money is going and where we're exposed so. This is a time to be very proactive in this and we are in fact doing that very much.
Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley: Thanks a lot.
Michael Roth: Welcome.
Operator: Next Matt Chesler, Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Matt Chesler  Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning. Just a few questions. Just want to go back to the question on the emerging markets. Can you just comment on your progress in penetrating some of the markets like China? To what extent the business there that you have working for multinational clients looking to expand in market as opposed to certain national clients as well?
Michael Roth: Yes, it's a good question. We continue to target both, but right now, I would say the dominant part of our business is multinationals. We have the strategy of going towards locals in some of the outlying cities, if you will. But in this environment, because of the slowdowns, it's a little more difficult to see traction on that, but that certainly will be part of our strategy going forward. With respect to India, we have a very strong presence in India. And we continue to invest in that both on the media side as well as all of our global networks have very good presence in India. And there we are optimistic that once this goes through we will be very well positioned in terms of the recovery. Brazil, we have very solid offerings in Brazil and we are well positioned there. And with respect to Russia, we have a very strong partner in Russia, although they are going through some difficult times right now. We met with them recently and they're doing similar things with respect to what we're doing in terms of keeping an eye on our cost profile, but they're well positioned to respond to the demands of the marketplace. And of course, our acquisition of MCN in the Middle East positions us very well to capture recovery on a global basis.
Matt Chesler  Deutsche Bank: Frank, you guys mentioned that ex-severance the margins were roughly flat year-over-year? Did you guys receive any benefit in the quarter from lower incentive accruals?
Frank Mergenthaler: The only thing that's out there, Matt, is we trued up some assumptions on our long-term incentives. And back in the debt, you can see  you can do the calculations so there was a reduction of something like $8 million or $10 million in long-term incentives that we think will normalize through the rest of the year. It had to do with truing up forfeiture rates, which we were probably too conservative with what we assumed in prior years.
Matt Chesler  Deutsche Bank: How do you see that progressing throughout the year, to the extent that the revenue environment becomes  remains pretty difficult throughout the year in a challenging scenario? What do you think happens to your ability to offset the revenue declines with that line item?
Michael Roth: Certainly, that's one of our key levers with respect to if our profitability deteriorates, but we have a conservative plan with respect to going forward. And frankly, so far, we're pretty much on plan in terms of where we thought this was going to unfold. And if it deteriorates further, then bonuses and incentives are part of our levers.
Matt Chesler  Deutsche Bank: Do you think that this particular lever is sufficiently powerful enough to fully offset severance? Partially offset it or more than offset it?
Frank Mergenthaler: We've got an operating plan. That operating plan has a bonus pool that's been approved by our board. And we will measure performance of our operating groups against their respective plans. To the extent they are at their plan, they will be awarded their pools, below their plan, they won't. We don't view it as an offset to severance.
Michael Roth: The flow-through on severance is a cost benefit and that's the number we gave you. So there is separate and distinct opportunities, if you will.
Matt Chesler  Deutsche Bank: You talked about the annualized run rate, the savings, do you think that you will realize that fully in the current fiscal year or does some of that still?
Frank Mergenthaler: No, we took  you saw the actions we took in the fourth quarter, the actions in the first quarter, lot of those folks were still on our payroll at the end of the quarter and they maybe in early second quarter. So I think you're not going to see that full effect of that until '010.
Michael Roth: And plus severance on a geographic basis is different. In terms of some of the foreign countries, it's much more difficult to recoup the benefit, if you will, over a longer period of time because of the social laws that are in existence. So what you are hearing is more of a blended benefit. So the timing of it is different by location.
Matt Chesler  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just finally, Frank, you guys have done a very exemplary job of improving your working capital over the past couple of years. Clearly, in the quarter, working capital was a bit higher seasonally and relative to last year. How do you feel about stable working capital for the current year given the tough environment?
Frank Mergenthaler: I think that we had a very strong Q4 with growth and businesses like media that are cash flow generated from a working capital perspective to the extent you managed it well. I think we managed it well. Couple that with a softening of our billings and media revenue in Q1 caused the fairly significant swing. I think we have been pretty clear in a growing business we believe that working capital should be a generator of cash. When your business isn't growing, especially media, it's very difficult and your balance sheet starts to unwind. So without giving any guidance on working capital for the year, Michael made the comment in his remarks about our view on liquidity, and we still believe that we got sufficient liquidity that allows us to take care of the maturities in '09 and '010.
Matt Chesler  Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: You're welcome.
Operator: Next is Michael Nathanson, Sanford Bernstein. Your line is open.
Michael Nathanson  Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. I have a couple. First one is going to be both Frank and Michael. When you looked at your goal of getting back to peer level margins, I wondered how much was downturn effect the long-term goal given that you are on a pretty good cost savings now that may have helped you to hit that goal. Can you talk about how this affects you?
Michael Roth: Well, I think we saw this coming before when we extended our turnaround objectives. We still have it as a major goal. And what's happening frankly is the margins of our competitive set is coming down also. So there's two things happening. One is the margins of the sector are coming down and so the goal is changing a little bit. But certainly this is going to take a little bit longer for us to achieve it, because you can't just do this by taking costs out of your business. There has to be an uptick, if you will, on the revenue side. You just can't keep taking costs out without affecting the long-term viability of your business. And we are very conscious of that. So I think the decisions we are making with respect to severance as well as keeping our eye on our cost profile does not impact our ability. In fact, it helps us in terms of our ability to narrow that gap. But we want to make sure we have the talent and resources to be in place when the recovery starts to hit. So I think we continue to be well positioned to do that. It's still a critical component of our long-term plan. It's just been extended out little bit given the overall macroeconomic environment.
Frank Mergenthaler: We are very pleased with the job the team is doing around the world in controlling costs in this environment, which to Michael's point, when it turns we think that will be very, very positive for us.
Michael Roth:
 :
Michael Nathanson  Sanford Bernstein: I wonder, I guess I'll come back to you on this when you sat down and look at the turnaround plan, you knew you had some cost levers maybe in G&A and rent and other places. I wonder if I could fast forward into, hey, let's look forward and say, present you with the turnaround story a year from now. What levers would be there on the natural levers as a turnaround?
Michael Roth:
 :
Michael Nathanson  Sanford Bernstein: Efficiency, sorry.
Michael Roth: What will happen is as the revenue starts to improve, our margin expansions should flow through as long as we don't do anything stupid. And that is as the economy turns around, if all of a sudden, we start adding a whole bunch of costs on top of it, you don't get the expansion opportunity. But right now we are positioned so that when the revenue starts flowing through, we should a better bang for our dollar, and that's how this works. So it's not just you take costs out and automatically that it flows through. I mean it's a combination of revenue as well as costs and that's why it's important to look at your cost profile and do it intelligently not just slash for the sake of slashing.
Michael Nathanson  Sanford Bernstein: May I just follow up on cash flow for Frank? When looking at investing activities you took CapEx down a ton this quarter. One question would be sustainable rate. And then to both you guys, you are seeing WPP and Omnicom actually not buying anything right now. They're out of the acquisition game. I wonder given your balance sheet, given maybe the competitive intensities dropping on the M&A side, does that entice you at also? I like to know those two questions.
Michael Roth: I mean, Frank indicated in the remarks, our CapEx has dropped to around $100 million. And we are doing that on a back end basis. So we are very cautious in terms of spending our CapEx dollars. Enticing is always a nice word in terms of opportunities. Frankly, we will continue to look at opportunities on a very select basis in those areas whether it be geographic or disciplines, but we don't see any big holes out there. So there is no need for us to run out and do transactions just because they may be cheap. By the way, the companies that may be attractive right now don't view themselves as cheap. So I think the delta between the bid and the ask on some of these transactions will continue to be out there and I think the sellers still have a ways to go before they realize that the markets have changed.
Michael Nathanson  Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thank you.
Michael Roth: You're welcome.
Operator: Next is Dan Salmon, BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Dan Salmon  BMO Capital Markets: Good morning, guys. One quick one. I know it's not a big part of your business, but could you comment maybe give us a little color on the performance of some of your traditional media services businesses, agencies like NSA and what not? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Well, NSA is actually part of the media business right now and obviously it's challenged, but there is a demand for that. I think what we've done across the board is right-size all of our businesses for the demand in their respective disciplines. So NSA is one of those where frankly it's a unique offering and therefore, as our clients need that type of work done, we are well positioned to do that. Again, I think, we are approaching this on a basis of demands in the marketplace and our resources that are necessary to provide it. Whether it be traditional media, whether it be traditional advertising, digital, I think we've positioned our company to be very competitive across the board. I think that's what you have to do in this environment. So when it does turnaround, we are well positioned to do that. Traditional advertising continues to be an important segment of the business, and in fact, what's happening is clients are spending money on more proven areas as opposed to a lot of the riskier ones. I think the fact that we have strength in some of those markets do us well.
Dan Salmon  BMO Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Next Tom Singlehurst of Citi. Your line is open.
Tom Singlehurst  Citigroup: Good morning. Tom Singlehurst with Citigroup. I just wanted to go back to the fees, the fee related revenues. Omnicom yesterday sort of painted those as being naturally more late cycle in terms of the commission and project based revenues. I was wondering, a, whether you agree with that fee, whether we're going to see more pressure in the area. I'm surprised to see (inaudible) that the advertisers want a happy negotiation on a less for less basis. WPP this morning was saying conversations they have been having were much more of a more for less or at least same for less. And I can't see why they wouldn't be pushing for that. Any color would be great.
Michael Roth: Look, ultimately, even on new business pitches, ultimately the issue is quality of the work and the type of work you're doing. Fee  you don't see a lot of our business just being put off because of fee negotiations. In the end, it sort of the last thing that comes to the table, and that is how much is this going to cost. But unless you have the quality of the services and the people to meet their needs, you don't get to fee discussions. Frankly, in this environment, it's a logical discussion to have on incentive-based compensation. I personally think that's where some of these negotiations could really lead itself to, and frankly that's something that I think this industry should be looking at, because if you are really moving the needle and you are providing value services, then it's something that I think should be reflected in how you get compensated. So I don't think its one type of discussion that you're having on fees. Clearly they like the same for less. Everybody would like that. And that's a component of it. But scope and efficiencies are also part of it. And again, if you have a good relationship you are providing quality work, clients are going to continue to want to maintain that.
Frank Mergenthaler: Tom, the Michael's point, procurement is still out there, very aggressive. So it's not as if we are walking to fee discussions and everything is just all pleasantries. If we are going to reduce, let's just take scope down. So it's a very competitive environment out there right now.
Michael Roth: And when you do have a blanket fee reduction, it's necessary for us to focus on the efficiencies. So if you end up in a situation where you are providing the same amount of work for less, we have to make sure that we are most efficient in delivering that type of work, and that's what you see happening in this market.
Tom Singlehurst  Citigroup: Is it something that's exclusively happening on accounts when they repitch or something just crops up?
Michael Roth: No, I think this is ongoing. This is  this environment  by the way it's true on us on the other side as well. We go to our vendors the same as people come to us. And that is in this environment, if you are not asking the question of value versus costs and what you are paying, you're not being looking out for best interest of your company. So it's a normal question to be asked, and we have a whole bunch of people that sit down with them and discuss it. Its part of the environment we're in.
Frank Mergenthaler: And we're seeing clients out there who are somewhat reluctant in signing annual contracts right now just because of the uncertainty on their sides and what they're willing to commit to. So it's definitely been somewhat of a new dynamic force in the first quarter. But again I think as we move through the year and there's more clarity on the part of clients and their budgets that translates into the remuneration for us.
Tom Singlehurst  Citigroup: Very clear, thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: Welcome.
Operator: Our final question comes from Todd Morgan, Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Todd Morgan  Oppenheimer & Co.: Thank you, good morning. Just to touch back quickly on the working capital change in the quarter. Obviously, you talked a little bit about that, but I don't know if you can help us any further with perhaps the portion of the working capital change you might have infused to the revenue decreases and what portion is really perhaps accruals or other sort of timing issues?
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, just, Todd, maybe an estimate, probably 60% of the move in the quarter was what we would have expected given how the normal working model works Q4 to Q1. So the other 40% is probably indicative of the environment in Q1.
Michael Roth: And again, if you look at our total cash position this quarter first quarter versus first quarter of last year, we've shown an improvement and I think that you have to look at this on a longer term basis and that's how we look at it.
Todd Morgan  Oppenheimer & Co.: That's fair. Thanks a lot, sir.
Michael Roth: Thank you. Well, thank you for joining us this morning and we appreciate your support and we look forward to meeting with you again on our second quarter results.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerry Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Michael Roth  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Frank Mergenthaler  Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Craig Huber  Barclays Capital John Janedis - Wachovia Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein Meggan Friedman  William Blair & Company Sara Gubins  Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse Dan Salmon - BMO  Tom Singlehurst  Citigroup
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the Interpublic Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2008 Earnings Conference Call. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jerry Leshne: We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and we will refer to both in the course of this call. This morning we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 am Eastern. During this call we will refer to forward looking statements about our company which are subject to uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation, and further detailed in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. At this point it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Ill begin with the highlights of our performance and a few key observations regarding our current situation and then Frank will take us through the results in detail and after his remarks Ill return to add some color on our view of 2009 before we move on to Q&A. IPG has just concluded a very strong year. We met the ambitious financial objectives set for the business despite an economic environment that deteriorated markedly in the last four to six weeks of the year. Our organic growth performance was at the top of the industry which shows that our professional offerings are both contemporary and competitive. We delivered on our target of significantly improving operating margin while still taking necessary cost actions in the fourth quarter that will put us in a better position to deal with the continued economic uncertainty of 2009. Its worth noting that important contributions to achieving the 2008 results came from a very broad cross section of our agencies. Every one of our major global networks from advertising to media to marketing services posted organic revenue growth. Performance in international markets was solid across the board. Our integrated US independent agencies did well overall. Those companies and areas of the business that were most challenged a few years ago which as you know weve been taking strategic actions to address, showed significant improvement in growth and profitability. If you look at the results we are achieving in award competitions, agency of the year recognition, and other industry honors youll see that the reputation and standing of IPG agencies is very much on the upswing. Progress in margin performance continued throughout 2008. The trailing 12 month operating margin trend which you will see in Franks presentation now shows improvement for 10 consecutive quarters. We continue to drive improvement in all of our key cost ratios. In the fourth quarter despite an organic revenue decrease due to the broader economic conditions we were still able to increase operating margin by close to 400 basis points.  This result demonstrates that we increasingly have the financial tools and talent to proactively manage our business. This will be an important focus of our efforts going forward as we navigate the difficult economic environment that we are likely to be facing for the balance of this year. Fourth quarter operating earnings rose from $272 million in 2007 to $331 million this past year, an increase of nearly 22%. For the full year, operating income jumped from $344 million in 2007 to $590 million in 08, an increase of 71% and a long way from the losses the business posted just a few years ago. Earnings per share of $0.52 for 2008 were double the previous years results. These are very significant achievements and Id like to take this opportunity to thank all of our people at so many of our agencies around the world whose talent and commitment to professional excellence contributed to this strong performance. This type of progress is what we foresaw when we set out to transform IPG. Going forward, we will continue to focus on the fundamentals, delivering customized and integrated solutions to clients in an increasingly complex and digital media and marketplace landscape where necessary, continuing to invest in talent across our portfolio. This is particularly important in higher growth capabilities such as digital and marketing services as well as in emerging geographies such as the BRICKs and the Middle East and North Africa, where weve taken significant steps during the past 24 to 36 months to bolster our offerings. We will also continue to deploy our improved cost disciplines and ensure that we are managing to our margins. We will stay true to our conservative approach to the balance sheet and liquidity which has been critical to our success. Our balance sheet is strong. In light of our cash on hand, untapped standby revolving credit and cash flow from operations, we head into 2009 with ample liquidity including sufficient cash to redeem the $250 million maturities that will come due late this year as well as in 2010. Cash from operations increased significantly to $865 million last year from just short of $300 million in 2007. Working capital management has been a particular area of focus and as a result weve seen great improvement. Weve dramatically strengthened the companys capital structure and financial flexibility. While the economic environment is uncertain we believe that we are well positioned for these volatile times. As indicated earlier, in my closing remarks Ill have more to add on what we see in the marketplace and our perspective of 2009. For now let me turn things over to Frank for the full details of our results.
Frank Mergenthaler: As Michael mentioned, our 08 results were consistent with our financial objectives coming into the year. We achieved fully competitive revenue growth and we significantly expanded our operating margins to 8.5%. Our organic revenue growth was 3.8% for the year which is the high end of our industry. On operating margins we have had significant and consistent progress over the past three years and in every quarter this year. While margins are not yet where they need to be we are confident that the process improvements we have made to our business model will continually yield operating progress going forward. In Q4s dramatically changed business environment our organic revenue change was a decrease of 2.2%. However, Q4 operating margin increased 370 basis points from a year ago. This was despite the expense of difficult but necessary severance actions required by the current economic reality. As we move forward into 09 the outlook is cautious. We must therefore continue to manage our cost base aggressively. Two thousand eight results also include strongly improved cash flow, the result of higher profitability our focus on working capital management and utilization of or tax operating loss carry forwards. Id like to reiterate Michaels point that we ended the year with ample financial resources to manage through a more challenged environment. For the year, diluted EPS was $0.52 compared to $0.26 a year ago and increased 26% in the fourth quarter to $0.39 versus $0.31. Turning to slide three, you can see our complete P&L for the fourth quarter. Ill cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides the follow. Our effective tax rate in Q4 was 22% which includes the reversal of $39 million of net tax valuation reserves which is a direct result of our improved profitability in certain markets outside the US and our judgment that profitability in those markets will be sustained going forward. On slide four, we provide additional detail on revenue. Reported revenue in the quarter is $1.9 billion a decrease of 4.1%. Compared to Q4 07 exchange rates had a negative impact of 4.2% while net business acquisitions added 2.4%. Our organic revenue change was a decrease of $44 million or 2.2%.  As we indicated in our October conference call wed anticipated that the project work, typically a key driver of fourth quarter growth was at risk for cancellation and deferral in this environment. In fact, pressure on our events business was the most significant change in the quarter accounting for approximately half of our consolidated year over year decrease.  It is also no surprise that the auto sector ad spending decreased in the quarter. More generally, while Q4 spending varied by sector and client the deteriorating macro economic environment clearly impacted our clients around the globe. On the bottom half of this slide you can see the revenue performance of both operating segments. At our Integrated Agency Networks, reported revenue decreased 2.5% in Q4. The organic change was -1.5% consisting of a decrease of 2% in the US and a decrease of 1% internationally. We had global organic growth at Mediabrands and growth by Lowe. We had a decrease as McCann World Group primarily driven by lower project based revenue. For the full year, IANs organic revenue growth was 3.4%. At our CMG segment Q4 revenue decreased 12.8% while the organic decrease was 6.3%. Here again the decrease in the US and International were in the same range with the US down 6% and international down 7%. Our PR businesses demonstrated good resiliency with organic growth in the high single digit range but the fall off in Q4 event businesses and decreases in our sports marketing business show up disproportionately in the segment. For the full year, segment organic revenue growth was 6.2%. Slide five provides a breakdown of Q4 and a full year revenue growth by region. As you can see, revenue in most regions of the world showed the effects of the economic conditions in the quarter. In the US the organic decrease was 2.7% due to the factors I have mentioned. The events business and the auto sector as well as reduced spending by existing clients. We had strong growth at Mediabrands and our PR businesses Weber Shandwick and GolinHarris as well as growth in the US by Draftfcb. Internationally reported growth decreased 6.3% which includes a significant effect from currency. The organic decrease was 1.7%. In the UK where the currency effect on reported revenue is dramatic, revenue decreased 3.5% organically. We had growth by Lowe and the World Group but that was offset by decrease in our Media business and Draftfcb. In continental Europe the organic decrease was 4% due to generally lower spending from existing clients in the region which offset a solid performance in France and Spain. We had growth from Mediabrands and Lowe but decreases at our other major global networks. In the Asia/Pacific region organic revenue decreased slightly. We had growth in China and India but at lower rates then earlier in the year. That was offset by continued decrease in other markets notably Australia. In Latin America organic revenue growth was 12% led by increase in Draftfcb, Lowe and Mediabrands due to both higher spending from existing clients and net new business. Our other markets increased 18.8% as reported due to our acquisition of MCN in Middle East in Q3 of this year but decreased 5.2% organically. For the full year, as you can see on the right side of this slide, we had organic growth in every region around the world. On slide six we present a longer view of organic revenue growth that tracks our trailing 12 month performance. It shows our increases through 07 and 08 until Q4. That 3.8% for 2008 is clearly competitive within our peer group. On slide seven we move on to a closer look at operating expenses. Q4 consolidated operating margin grew 370 basis points from a year ago. Salaries and related expenses were $1.08 billion in the quarter which is a decrease of 2.3% as reported and 70 basis points higher on an organic basis due primarily to increased severance.  Salaries and related expense were 56.8% of revenue compared with 55.8% of revenue a year ago. As you can see, severance expense was $48 million in the quarter an increase of $16 million. Our severance actions in the quarter in response to the slowing pace of business directly affected approximately 3% of our global workforce across multiple business units and regions.  Our Q4 incentive expense accrual decreased compared to a year ago due to lower annual incentive awards for the full year and more even quarterly expense recognition as well as decreased amortization expense of our long term performance based equity awards. For the full year incentive expense decreased $10 million. Temporary labor expense decreased 2.7% of revenue from 3.2% a year ago notwithstanding lower revenue. This has been an area of increasing discipline for us as the economy slows and should continue to be a flexible part of our expense base going forward. For the full year, our salaries and related expense decreased as a percentage of revenue to 62.4% from 63.2%. With the exception of severance expense we improved our leverage in each of the major cost categories as you can see in the appendix to our presentation. Turning to office and general expense, on the lower half of this slide, in Q4 O&G expense was $484 million a decrease of $94 million or 12.2% organically. O&G expenses were 25.5% of revenue compared with 29.2% a year ago. We improved leverage on every major component of O&G which is also the case for the full year.  In Q4 we had a significant decrease in pass through costs from a year ago. I mentioned previously that we saw our events business decrease in the quarter. As we discussed in our October conference call the event business has a relatively high level of pass through revenue and in costs. When the revenue decreases the related O&G expense out as well. In addition, we had 50 basis points of incremental leverage on travel expenses and office supplies the result of reinforcing our operating discipline throughout our agencies. You can see that we continue to work down professional fees as well, especially audit and legal fees. Occupancy expense also decreased as a percentage of revenue from a year ago as they have for the full year as well, benefiting from the real estate actions we took in Q4 07. Our total real estate square footage decreased by approximately 4% in the year which you can see also in the appendix. For the full year, O&G expenses were 28.9% of revenue compared with 31.2% in 2007. We are pleased with our performance on costs and continue to believe there are further opportunities to improve efficiencies in areas such as operational productivity and real estate utilization. On slide eight we show continuing progress on operating margin on a trailing 12 month basis over the past three years. This remains one of our primary financial objectives. Its obviously made easier with revenue growth and conversely will be more challenging for several quarters as we look ahead. In formulating our 09 plan we have identified specific actable opportunities on margin. We believe that the process and people that we have put in place have us well positioned to get these cost savings. On slide nine we turn to cash flow for the year. For the 12 months cash from operations $865 million compared with $298 million in 2007 an improvement of $567 million due to higher net income and significantly improved cash generation and working capital. Again, for perspective on our turnaround if you look back to 2005 cash from operations was negative and barely positive in 06.  Deferred taxes were a source of $52 million compared to a use of $22 million in 2007. This is an area of real improvement for us. Our cash taxes paid in 2008 were $104 million. Cash taxes paid were 22% of pre-tax income compared with 37% in 2007. Improved profitability means were able to increasingly monetize our substantial loss carry forwards in the US and in several of our largest non-US markets.  We utilized approximately $400 million of loss carry forwards in 08 for cash tax savings of approximately $120 million. Our loss carry forward position at year end was $1.4 billion of which approximately half had valuation allowances again them. Working capital was a source of $194 million compared to use of $171 million in 2007. Working capital management has been and continues to be a major area of focus for us. Investing activities used a total of $250 million in acquisitions and CapEx. The most significant acquisitions in 08 were the Middle East Communications Network, the Premier Marketing Services Group in the Middle East/North Africa region were removed from minority and majority position. Our majority interest in HUGE, a leading digital agency based in New York. Financing activities used $277 million primarily to a repayment of almost all of our 4.5% convertible notes in March which used $191 million. The net increase in cash and marketable securities for the year was $245 million. Turning to the current portion of our balance sheet on slide 10, you can see that we ended 08 with $2.3 billion in cash and short term marketable securities. In the liabilities section short term debt includes our November 09 maturity of $250 million of our 5.4% senior notes.  Our debt maturity schedule at year end is presented on slide 11. Total debt was $2.1 billion. Our maturities are well spaced going forward with $250 million maturing in November 2009 and the same amount in November 2010. Michael spoke to these and to our liquidity strength in his opening remarks. In summary, we are pleased with our performance in the quarter and the year, particularly in light of the economic conditions in the later part of 08. Moving into 09 it is apparent that due to the unprecedented economic forces at work the next several quarters will be very challenging. We believe that our operating performance speaks to several strengths of our company including a fully competitive, contemporary and diversified offering, a cost structure with important sources of expense flexibility as well as effective cost discipline and strong financial resources now in place across the organization. Now let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Roth: As you can see theres a great deal to be pleased about when it comes to our performance for Q4 and the whole of 2008. However, in light of whats going on in the marketplace the questions which are on everybodys mind is how much to do with were seeing in the business today and how we see the balance in 2009. The impact that the global economic situation is having on our industry was evident in the latter part of the fourth quarter and that trend is carried through into the early part of this year. Theres no doubt that we are operating in a very challenging business environment. Given the limited visibility we or any of our peers have into the business at this point in time forecasting is extremely challenging.  What I can tell you with certainty is that clients are being very measured and cautioned in their approach to all spending. Were seeing them go out to the media owners looking to drive the best possible deals and get maximum value for their money. Theyre looking agency budgets carefully as well. Of course, we should benefit from the fact that clients understand that their brands are valuable assets and that it doesnt make sense to under invest in those assets and risk losing market share in the long term. Having said that, its also the case then when you make such broad blanket statements you run the risk of over generalizing a complex situation. Within client sectors and geographies theres still a higher degree of variability in terms of how clients are behaving. Some client industries are being affected more then others, as are certain marketing disciplines. Were fortunate that our business includes a decree of diversification that should provide some resiliency even in these difficult times. We have a large number of clients across a broad spectrum of industries and world markets.  Weve done a lot of work over the past couple of years to strengthen our offering in emerging geographies. The largest investment weve made during the turnaround has been in talent, particularly in building up embedded digital competency across all of our units. Our global operators are reporting that certain geographies, especially within Asia and Latin America may see low growth in 2009 then in recent years but are still forecasting growth. Conversely were seeing softness in a number of the larger developed European markets which means well all have to manage very conservatively in light of likely revenue decreases. Our highly diversified client mix should be a plus. Our financial service exposure is limited and to date were seeing a number of our major consumer goods clients continue to invest in their brands. Within our own offering many of the marketing service offerings are holding up. Weve been pleased by the way PR continued to perform in Q4 and thus far in 2009. Our Healthcare marketing agencies are very strong and weve had good success recently in consolidation pitches orchestrated at the holding company level but involving a number of our healthcare assets. Even in this economy activation activity is required particularly since many clients still need to move product at a time when consumer are feeling very wary which means they need highly direct and targeted appeals. We also continued to see demand for digital and emerging media capabilities. This is an area Id like to spend a minute addressing. As you know, we have some outstanding digital agencies. RGA which is a best in class and MRM which if it were a stand alone would be one of the three or four largest global digital agency networks. Reprise Media and HUGE which were both acquired in the past couple of years also come to mind.  Our overriding philosophy is that digital smarts and know how has to be a the core of everything that we do and therefore digital capabilities have been embedded in all of our agencies; in advertising, media, PR, activation, you name it. At this point digital activity is growing significantly at all of our agencies and we believe our revenue from digital offerings across the company is competitive with our peers. Having an integrated fully faceted digital offering is vital to so many of the pieces of our business that we handle. What this means is that while were going to continue to be active in looking at potential acquisitions and alliances in narrow areas of technological specialization for the most part we keep building digital within our agency structures and migrating revenue as budgets shift to increased digital activity. Thats a view of whats going on across our portfolio. The places where theres pressure as a result of the economy and what we see as the areas that will help us in relative terms to weather the storm. The other item that is on top of our mind for us is staying very close to the broader economic developments and reacting quickly to protect our margins. Since it is unclear what competitive organic revenue growth will look like for the balance of 2009 we must be extremely focused on controlling our costs.  We have demonstrated last year that were driving greater leverage from base pay, temporary labor and incentives as well as all of our O&G categories. We will have to keep looking at all those measures closely because managing the business very conservatively is going to be key as we move through this period of uncertainty. To sum up, during 2008 we posted the best performance IPG has delivered in many years. Weve consolidated the gains of professional offerings, we continue to attract top talent and were successfully addressing emerging areas of client need. Weve made great progress in developing tools and systems required to manage the business more proactively with greater discipline. Our conservative approach to the balance sheet and liquidity has put the company on sound financial footing and given us increased financial flexibility to weather potential volatility. We believe these factors will be vital as we move through the current economic difficulties and emerge in a strong position to enhance IPGs long term value. With that Id like to thank you for being with us and open up the floor to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: You mentioned that revenues fell off late in the quarter, can you give us some color how much the drop off was in December and how thats trended into January has it stayed at December levels or has it gotten worse? You mentioned you have some actions to help profitability or further cut costs in 09. Given that its obviously going to be a very challenging top line environment could you give us a little bit of color on how much flexibility there is in profitability, how much will margins likely decline or how much can you preserve them?
Michael Roth: Let me take the second part and then well get into some of the details of the first part. Obviously this is an evolving situation with respect to 2009. What weve shown is that weve been quick to react to taking costs out of our business and therefore we expect as the revenue declines persist we will be taking actions in the first quarter, obviously salary is an important part of that. We do expect see it. In fact, youve seen some recent announcements that some of our agencies which showed some cut backs already taking place. Were ahead of the curve. Let me address the major question and that is for 2009 where do we think were going to end up. Obviously its hard to project what revenue will be for 2009 but our expectation is if revenue declines in the range of conservatively 2% to 3% we think we can maintain margins by taking actions early on. If the revenue deteriorates at a greater rate then that obviously well be hard pressed to maintain our margins but I think weve shown an ability to react and show that were very aware of margin objectives within IPG.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: Youre talking about organic right there?
Michael Roth: Thats correct. As far as the fourth quarter we threw out a number of about $75 million in the fourth quarter. Lets assume we reached somewhat part of that number in the fourth quarter and we continue to see some of that in the first quarter 2009.
Frank Mergenthaler: The $75 million related to project related businesses that we call out at risk. As we mentioned in our comments thats where we saw the steepest fall off.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: The balance sheet has always been a bit of a concern. It looked stronger and stronger particularly with the fourth quarter year end numbers. Could you give us a sense theres always been an overhang question of how much of your cash is needed to fund ongoing business versus whats really a completely yours in reserve. Could you give us a sense what the cash balance is at the low point mid month of any month of the year to give us a sense of how much you need for operations?
Michael Roth: Let me reiterate, all our cash on our balance sheet is ours. I have to say that on every call and its true. Obviously there are high points and low points and Frank will address the ups and downs of our cash flow. If youll recall in my opening remarks I indicated to you that we believe that given the two big maturities we have in 2009 and 2010 we can handle the payment of those maturities out of our cash flow, converting that to we believe we have about $500 million of cash available for use to pay off that liability without accessing the additional capital markets.
Frank Mergenthaler: We expanded disclosure in our public filing to give month end, high watermark, and low watermark for cash for 2008. The low watermark was about $1.5 billion and that was right after we paid the $250 million notes in March. High watermark was end of the year. Probably within a month there is approximately $200 million swing on top of that month end. That data should be able to allow you to do sensitivities off of what the intra quarter volatility is.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Huber  Barclays Capital.
Craig Huber  Barclays Capital: About your cash balance you gave us some detail but what was your average cash daily balance for the entire 2008?
Frank Mergenthaler: Were not going to give a daily balance. The fact that weve given month end cash position, high low for the year and you can see where our quarterly numbers land and the fact that we just commented intra month there may be $200 million of volatility thats a whole heck of a lot of data that allows you to model the sensitivities on our cash.
Craig Huber  Barclays Capital: Theres an awful lot of concern out there among your debt and equity holdings. Youre saying the low point the entire year any day was $1.5 billion.
Frank Mergenthaler: What we said was the low at any month then was $1.5 billion and that was right after the payment of the $250 million notes. Intra month youve got about $200 million swing based upon the working capital in the business.
Michael Roth: The concern about the debt weve answered that. We believe, given our current position that any maturities for 2009 and 2010 can be handled from our own cash flow.
Craig Huber  Barclays Capital: Youre saying cash the whole year never went below $1.3 billion.
Frank Mergenthaler: If my low watermark was $1.5 billion and weve got $200 million yes that would be the math.
Craig Huber  Barclays Capital: With your 09 and 10 maturities coming up I believe your 2010 November $250 million bonds traded roughly $0.70 on the dollar. With at last $1.3 billion cash why dont you go out there have a tender offer maybe a 10% premium and take those out preemptively rather then wait 20 months, youre going to have to pay them off regardless in 20 months.
Michael Roth: If I answer that yes the trading will be about 95%. The current trading on that is really of the 09 is in the 90% range.
Craig Huber  Barclays Capital: Im talking the 2010 ones.
Michael Roth: We know thats out there. Everyone knows the uncertainty in the overall economic environment requires us to be conservative on the balance sheet. If as we go through 2009 the economic situation becomes more stable and we continue to be more comfortable with our overall financial position well obviously look at that. The critical question right now is do we have the financial resources to be able to pay that off when due and the answer to that is we believe yes.
Craig Huber  Barclays Capital: For the full year what was your total auto revenue exposure and how does that break down between Detroit and elsewhere.
Michael Roth: We wont give the whole auto but the elephant in the room and the question that people are constantly asking us and we normally dont like to give out exposures to a particular client. Right now our total exposure to General Motors including our work in process is roughly $150 million. Theres been a lot of speculation about that. You should know that we build all of that into our stress testing in terms of our plans, our cash flow modeling and the statements that we made to you about our ability to retire our debt.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Janedis  Wachovia.
John Janedis - Wachovia: With the current environment can you give more color to what extent youre seeing clients ask for better terms? Are you also seeing competitors lowering bids in an effort to gain share here?
Michael Roth: The second part, you never see it as a competitive bid as lowering it. A lot of it has to do with scope. Theres no question that were in constant dialogue with our clients with respect to scope and getting better value for their dollar. The real discussion is how can they get better return on investment for their spend. Were spending a lot of time modeling and showing the allocation and using our tools to maximize the return on the spend. Theres no question that clients are cautious in terms of how theyre going to spend their dollars. What were seeing is constant dialogue, proving where they spend their money has the biggest return. I also think youre going to see some reduction in the experimental media. Clients are much more reluctant now to make investments in areas that havent really proven themselves. Youll see a fall off in that. As the year comes through in the latter part of the year hopefully well see some recovery and well start seeing the spending pick up in that environment. You cant specifically say that were out there competing on a fee basis with our competitors its more or less how can I spend dollars and get the maximized return on our investment.
John Janedis - Wachovia: Theres obviously been talk about advertisers stretching out payment terms. Do you think that could actually give you an opportunity to take share from smaller independents? Are you in turn trying to ask for similar terms for you from the networks?
Michael Roth: No, were not going to go out and start using ourselves as a bank in order to provide better terms so we pick up clients. Some clients are asking for terms. We frankly have been very reluctant to do that. Yes on one hand we deal with our clients on the other hand we have vendors that we have to deal with as well. Our treasury department is very much engaged in matching our revenue and our expenses and thats what they should be doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank: Very impressive declines in the OG&A expense. How far along are we on your progress in bringing down professional fees? It was down during the quarter not as much as I had modeled. Secondly, you mentioned that perhaps some of what we saw of the decline was a reflection of lower pass through revenues offsetting expenses maybe you could isolate that for us as well.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the professional fees not too long ago they were running at 5% of revenue. We had said back then that we would hope to get them somewhere down around 2% which is where we are. We continue make good traction there and we would expect further improvement in 09.  With respect to the pass throughs which if you looked at the appendix in the other O&G category the affect on margin is relatively small just because thats the whole phenomenon of grossed up accounting. While it takes the specific O&G metric and makes smaller the impact on the overall margin improvement of 370 basis points in the quarter is relatively deminimus.  The other O&G categories we continue to aggressively go after things like real estate, things like insurance, things like travel, every dollar that goes out the door across the globe is getting a greater level of scrutiny and our teams are doing a terrific job in managing those respective cost pockets.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank: The margin impact was minimal, in terms of the dollar impact in the quarter roughly what was that? Is the pass through situation that were going to see for future quarters?
Frank Mergenthaler: The pass through issue is with the project related businesses and the gross up accounting its an issue. Its something that we called out. I dont have the exact number; well follow through with Jerry afterwards. I look at it a holistic view on the margin and to me its relatively deminimus because we lost the corresponding revenue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Going back to that point on page 32, looking at the other O&G at that point it was deminimus in margins but there was a big swing on the O&G basis points tied to revenue. If that didnt impact margin with other O&G was there anything else within that line the bad debt expense or foreign currency that swung really positive on margin?
Frank Mergenthaler: Bad debt actually was relatively deminimus. There was a big depreciation year on year change where last year we had some accelerated depreciation due to some real estate moves we made where depreciation this year is more normalized so that shows in the improvement. Theres a whole bunch of things that go through there, insurance goes through there, FX goes through there and we did have some FX transactional gains in the quarter but not much to really move the needle. Its made up of a bucket of different costs.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Is the event business similar margins to the overall company, thats a business that you think would be at risk in 09.
Frank Mergenthaler: Because of the gross up issue that the margin on it is relatively small. If you think about it, the real value creation area is the fee you get for putting on the event when youre forced to gross up your P&L for all the costs and the corresponding spend, the net margin is relatively small.
Michael Roth: Its still a profitable business for us. I dont want you to think that that means its not profitable its just a question of the mechanics of the gross up in our calculations of margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meggan Friedman  William Blair & Company.
Meggan Friedman  William Blair & Company: How should we be thinking about the annualized savings from the severance package taken in the fourth quarter? Can you provide a little more color on how we should be thinking about severance expense in Q1 and the first half relative to Q4?
Frank Mergenthaler: The $48 million of severance that we took in the fourth quarter we believe has a run rate savings of about $100 million. The mix of that severance is about two thirds US, a third outside the US. As we look into Q1 there was only so much action you could take in Q4. Our teams are as they continue to formulate their view on revenue and they speak with their clients we can expect to see higher then normal severance expense in the quarter. I dont have a number for you now. I dont think our teams do.  To Michaels comments everybodys pretty manically focused right now on managing costs in the environment were in and while were doing a good job on costs other then salary the big cost base out there is our people. Were trying to be very sensitive to the fact that that is our key asset. The cost base and salary line has to align with our projected revenue and thats a moving target right now.
Michael Roth: One of the things you can take away from our performance in 2008 is our ability to focus on the margin and take necessary actions when theres a reduction on the revenue side. When we set targets now were setting targets based on margin and letting our business units manage their business to that. In order to accomplish those margin objectives theres no question that severance actions and things like that come into play. In the first quarter youre going to see some action in that area particularly because the uncertainty of whats coming in the rest of 2009. Well see some action in the first quarter on that.
Meggan Friedman  William Blair & Company: In terms of what youre thinking about the FX impact for Q1 and for 2009 with rates where they are today.
Frank Mergenthaler: Its between 4% and 5%. I think thats the number that I remember correctly for the quarter and for the year. Maybe its a range. I think the first quarter may have been 4% and it may have been 6% or maybe a little higher, maybe 6% to 8%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sara Gubins  Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Sara Gubins  Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: You mentioned further opportunities to reduce costs in real estate. Could you discuss the timing of this and the potential magnitude?
Michael Roth: Were constantly looking. The one area that we managed to show continued improvement in and weve done a great job is managing our real estate. There arent any huge opportunities on the real estate but whenever we can see consolidation in some of our locations we will do so. The timing of that is toward the beginning of the year because were looking to provide savings and therefore the earlier we take any such actions the better.
Frank Mergenthaler: Weve been reducing our real estate footprint since 04. Youve got to do it on a market by market basis and weve done a pretty good job of consolidating various companies in markets. Weve done it in Shanghai, weve done it in Paris, weve done it in Los Angeles but youre tied somewhat to the lease maturities but I do think the real estate team has been very, very effective there. Our agencies have been very willing to do whatever they can to try and drive costs out of the respective businesses with being flexible in real estate.
Sara Gubins  Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Could you talk about acquisition plans if any or is it fair to assume that you might hold off given the current environment?
Michael Roth: Obviously were very cautious about using our cash and spending our capital in an uncertain environment. Therefore if there are some acquisitions they will tend to be more towards the latter part of the year then the early part of the year. In the areas that I mentioned in my opening remarks, the digit area, emerging markets those are areas where we will continue to invest in.  We have a couple transactions in mind; order of magnitude were looking in the range of $100 million is our plan for the year. We dont expect to exceed that as weve been able to keep our acquisitions within our targets in the prior years. Well be cautious in terms of how we go forward but nothing huge, pardon the expression huge because we did a transaction called Huge but nothing of a great magnitude on the horizon.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse.
Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse: It seems to be generally accepted that traditional advertising wins in the new business front are only partially based on price in that chemistry track record, strategic insights to a clients business are more important. In this environment should we assume that price of services will play a more prominent role. New business wins this year are they going to be less profitable then new business wins a year ago?
Michael Roth: No, what youre going to see in new business is theyre going be more tactical and the return on investment is a critical component of any pitch that were involved in. The pitches that weve seen recently have been integrated offerings. Its taken a number of years for us to keep saying that but now its a reality.  When we go into a new business pitch were bringing all the resources we can to the table whether it be media, whether it be activation, whether it be digital, whether it be PR, everything has to be brought to the table at one place to the client to show the overall effect of an integrated offering. When you put that all together you have to be able to show a return on investment with respect to the spend. Thats where all the play is going to be and that is if we can have the tools and resources that show that for every dollar thats spent theres a return on investment thats whats going to win the day.  Thats why weve invested as we have particularly in the actions weve taken in the media side and the formation of the media brands and all the talent that weve added with respect to our media offering as well as the digital capabilities and the tools and resources in measurement and analytics that are critical in those environments. Theres no question that when we are in a pitch the bang for the dollar is critical so its not so much negotiating the price as it is providing efficiencies and maximization of returns.
Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse: You commented on the working capital improvements here and they were really impressive. Could you comment on a view for 09 particularly given that total media spend would likely decline.
Frank Mergenthaler: In a growing business this model is cash flow generated from working capital. It becomes much more challenging in flat to declining periods from a revenue base and thats what were expecting to see in 09. I dont expect to see the cash generation we saw this year. With that said not too long ago Interpublic was weak in managing its working capital.  The treasury team working with the operating folks around the world have done a terrific job in tightening the managing of our payable and our receivables up so we would hope that even with a decline we can still hold our own in the working capital area just because weve got a full court press on it and weve got better visibility into it.
Michael Roth: To be specific we have in our objectives for our business units working capital is one of the components of incentive compensation. Obviously we have strong controls now which are great. We have a lot of visibility into our businesses and the businesses know that they have to do this and thats how theyre getting paid.
Frank Mergenthaler: Someone asked a question about are we seeing our payment terms start to draw out. We are seeing it in certain clients but were also very aware of it and were doing the same thing on the payable side to ensure that our credit exposure is held to a minimum.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Salmon  BMO.
Dan Salmon - BMO : I remember in the second and third quarter there were some UK events that were helping revenue there. I think you said at the time they were bi-yearly. Is that correct and should we expect those not to repeat this year?
Frank Mergenthaler: Im not sure which ones but normally those types of events are non-recurring, theyre one time items. As the year goes through well see if we have another one. Right now you have to look at it that way.
Michael Roth: Theres a good portion of our events business every year that theyve got to go out and its not repeating so weve got to go out and theyre to be generated but it was pretty significant.
Dan Salmon - BMO : To get back to the margins question it sounds as if there are internal levers that are still to be pulled but as you put it margins arent at the level where they need to be yet. From where they are now to where they need to be can you quantify how much of that are internal things related to professional fees, real estate, those type of more corporate type expenses that can be pulled versus operational efficiencies at the agencies.
Frank Mergenthaler: For us to attain competitive margins there has to be a component of growth in the equation where were converting new revenue at an efficient rate. In an environment where theres no growth getting to competitive margins is impossible. Our view now is how do we defend our margins and a top line declining environment and there theres some range that our top line go down we think we can defend margins but if it goes down in excess of that itll be very difficult to hold our margins. The process improvements weve put in place and the tools we put in place and the people we put in place weve shown dramatic improvement in our ability to manage our cost base. Right now the gap between where we are in competitive margins is based on revenue.
Michael Roth: It would be a mistake for us to slash and burn from a cost perspective to achieve competitive margins because that would be a short term fix. When this market does turn around we want to make sure were in a position to be competitive and hound the talent and resources. In fact, a lot of our clients have asked the question if you are cutting, how are we assured that were going to have the talent and resources necessary to meet our needs. You have to look at this on a long term basis and we can get to our competitive margins that were driving towards just by taking costs out. Were very much aware. That doesnt mean that were not looking very closely at our margins and making sure that every opportunity is not taken but you have to take a longer term view of this and make sure youre competitive because the worse thing you can do is slash too many costs out of this business and then be in a competitive disadvantage when it comes time to compete.
Dan Salmon - BMO : Do you have an employee count number for the end of the year? If you have it split between US and International that would be great too.
Frank Mergenthaler: Its 44,000. Year on year increase is almost 100% attributable to the acquisition of MCN.
Operator: Your last question comes from Tom Singlehurst  Citigroup.
Tom Singlehurst  Citigroup: You talk about on the one hand a complete lack of visibility but earlier on in the call you mentioned making sure that the operational guys are focused 100% on delivering margin. Im ingesting how you actually do that. Should we expect more volatility in margin performance through the year with effectively a balancing through the final quarter as you try and get the costs allocation correct or adjust severance or adjust incentive payments to make up for over or under servicing? On the tax losses, on the basis of potentially have more value to someone else then to you is there any way that you can structure disposals to sell off assets tax losses.
Frank Mergenthaler: Those losses arent worth anything more to other people then us. The issue is profitability of the businesses that generate those losses. To the extent we can generate profits thats how well use those losses. I didnt say we had total lack of visibility I said its difficult for visibility. Obviously we have budgets, were working with clients, and we get input from our clients on a daily basis in terms of scope of work. We do have a base business that we have visibility into and we have to manage to. It increases or decreases in that scope that we have to manage to while we do have some visibility to into our business.
Michael Roth: On the variability of cost base the message to our operating folks around the world is youve got to stay very close to your clients and your projected revenue and if that revenue is not sufficient to maintain your cost base youve got to take appropriate actions. We would expect if the year continues to soften that our severance expense would be higher year on year.  We say manage to our margin were trying to make sure our businesses are right sized for the revenue base they have as opposed to manage to a specific margin target in a quarter. Were pushing very hard to the extent our revenue is not working weve got to adjusted the cost base accordingly. That will cause some volatility quarter to quarter in our margins.
Tom Singlehurst  Citigroup: On turnover, have the turnover rates stayed broadly constant?
Frank Mergenthaler: The turnover rate is constant. Unfortunately were faced with severance. Its hard to say its constant when were involved in a severance environment. The key talent resources that we have has remained constant.
Michael Roth: Let me thank everyone for their support. I hope you get a sense that we have come a long way from a business perspective. Were keeping our heads down, were doing whats necessary to manage to the margins and grow our business. That will be our primary focus. Thank you for all your support.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerome Leshne  Investor Relations Michael Roth Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Frank Mergenthaler  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan John Janedis - Wachovia Troy Mastin - William Blair Craig Huber  Barclays Capital Ben Schachter  UBS James Barrett - Morgan Stanley Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein Sarah Gubbins - Merrill Lynch Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse  Catriona Fallon  Citigroup Mark Elm - Credit Suisse 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic Group third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to introduce Mr. Jerome Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.  
Jerome Leshne:  Good morning and thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, interpublic.com, and we will refer to both during the course of this call.  This morning we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A and we plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 am Eastern.  During this call we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company which are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and in the slide presentation, and further detailed in our 10-Q and other filings with the SEC.  At this point it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.  
Michael Roth:  Thank you, Jerry and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our results for the third quarter and first nine months of 2008. I'll begin by covering the highlights of our performance and Frank will take us through the results in detail. After his remarks I'll return with closing comments before we move onto the Q&A.    We are very pleased with the results that we are sharing with you today. Our performance for both the quarter and the year-to-date are the strongest that IPG has delivered in many years. Organic revenue growth of 7.6% in the quarter and 6.4 % for the nine months put us at the top ranks of our industry. We had contributions to growth across the marketing disciplines and the strong results we are sharing with you were achieved against a difficult comp in the third quarter a year ago.  Turning to operating margin, we saw good progress from 3.3% in the third quarter of 2007 to 6.7% for the same period this year. We are seeing improvements in all our key cost ratios and operating margins before restructuring for the past 12 months at just north of 8%, continuing what is now a two-year trend of improving profitability quarter by quarter. All of our major units are showing improvements in their financial performance thus far this year.  As a result of these factors, we saw our third quarter operating income rise from $51 million in 2007 to $116 million this year. For the first nine months, operating income jumped from $73 million in 2007 to $259 million this year. All of this is very positive news and demonstrates that we continue to succeed in delivering significant progress against the financial targets that we set for 2008.  This is a testament to our people and the talent and professional excellence that exists across our many great agencies, as well as to existing strong management and discipline in all our units. This kind of progress is what we foresaw when we set out to transform IPG.  What no one could have seen coming, of course, is the dramatic deterioration of the economic environment in which we are operating and the resulting impact on the financial markets. Through the first nine months of this year, our results did not reflect these developments. However, during the past month or so as the crisis began to impact the global economy, we're seeing it beginning to weigh on marketers plans for both the fourth quarter and 2009. This makes the prospects of a slowdown in client spend more of a risk.  We believe that with our strong performance year-to-date we remain positioned to achieve our financial objectives for 2008. However, the impact of an increasingly unsettled and volatile business environment on our sector does create a risk to meeting our stated goals. I'll have more to add on this in my closing remarks, but for now let me turn things over to Frank. 
Frank Mergenthaler:  Good morning. As Michael indicated, we are very pleased with the performance in Q3 and the nine months. The quarters results demonstrate that we continue to make significant progress on both growth and profitability. I'll remind everyone that the presentation slides which accompany our remarks are available on our website.  Turning to slide 2, consolidated organic revenue growth was 7.6%, led by growth in the U.S. against a strong comparable quarter; and the UK with solid performance across our advertising and marketing disciplines.  Operating income was $116 million, more than twice the same period last year. Operating margin expanded to 6.7% from 3.3%, reflecting improved leverage on sales and related expenses. In general, all controllable expenses were well managed in support of our growth. Our diluted earnings per share was $0.08 compared with a loss of $0.06 a year ago.  Turning to slide 3, you can see our complete P&L for the third quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail on the slides that follow.  On slide 4 we provide additional detail on revenue. Reported revenue in the quarter was $1.74 billion, an increase of 11.5%. Compared to 3Q07, exchange rates had a positive impact of 2.3% while net business acquisitions added 1.6%. Organic revenue growth of 7.6% compares to 5.7% in 3Q07. Growth was attributable to higher revenue from existing clients and from net new business wins.  Our events marketing business was a strong contributor to growth, so it's worth noting that new event business typically comes with relatively high pass through revenues and expenses. This occurs when we book offsetting revenue expenses and the use of third parties. Such revenue and expenses occur in equal amount so apart from our fees, they are profit neutral and typically their growth is immaterial to our consolidated growth rate; but in Q3 their strong increase contributed 1.8%, approximately $30 million to organic revenue growth. The expense offset is in O&G (Office and General Expenses).  On the bottom half of this slide you can see that both operating segments performed well in the quarter. In our integrated agency networks, reported revenue grew 10.6% and the organic increase was 5.6%. Our growth was led by media, digital activation as well as advertising.  At our Constituency Management Group, reported revenue grew 16.8% and the organic increase was 18.3%. Performance was strong in all our major agencies and disciplines, including events marketing, public relations, branding, and sports marketing. Slide 5 provides a breakdown of Q3 revenue growth by region. In the U.S., organic revenue growth was 7.9% against 6.8% in 3Q07. We had growth across our full range of advertising and marketing disciplines, led by Mediabrands, McCann World Groups MRN Momentum units, our Hale, Holiday and Deutsche agencies; public relation agencies Weber Shandwick and GolinHarris; and Jack Morton and Events. This brings organic revenue growth for the nine months to 5.4%.  Internationally, reported revenue growth was 15% which includes a significant currency lift. Organic growth was 7.2% in Q3 and 7.8% for the nine months. In the UK, Q3 organic growth was 21.1%, a terrific result that includes the performance of our events business, Jack Morton. It is worth noting that separate of our events business, organic growth was 13% in the UK, attributable to new business and higher existing client revenue at McCann and Lowe.  In continental Europe, organic growth was 6.8% paced by McCann and Lowe with new client wins and increases from existing clients. Among the largest markets we had increases in were Germany, France, and Spain.  In Asia Pac, Q3 organic growth was 1.9%. We had strong gains in India and solid growth in China. Growth in the region has slowed due to challenging economic conditions in Japan, where we have a major presence through McCann Erickson.  In Latin America, organic revenue growth was 3.1% led by McCann due to higher revenue from existing clients. Our other markets category increased 28% as reported primarily due to currency and acquisitions. On slide 6, we present a longer view of organic revenue growth that tracks our progress on a trailing 12-month basis over the turnaround period. As you can see, organic revenue growth has trended up strongly and was 5% for the most recent 12 months.  On slide 7, we move on to a closer look at operating expenses. Consolidated operating margin grew 340 basis points from a year ago. Salaries and related expense were $1.09 billion in the quarter, 62.8% of revenue compared with 66.3% of revenue a year ago, an improvement of 350 basis points. As you'll see in the appendix to our presentation slides, leverage on base salaries and benefits improved 180 basis points in the quarter and 130 basis points for the nine months. Incentive expense decreased in Q3 from a year ago due to more ratable recognition of our annual plan compared to last year. Temporary labor, which has been an area of focus for us, decreased to 3.1% of revenue from 3.6% a year ago.  It is worth noting that salaries as a percentage of revenue benefit from our incremental pass through revenue in the quarter, and that our leverage improvement in the quarter was still strong, approximately 250 basis points adjusting for that effect.  Office and General expenses on the lower half of this slide were $526 million, 30.2% of revenue compared to 30.1% of revenue a year ago. The organic increase was 9.2%, but the comparison reflects the increases in pass through expenses which are offset in revenue. Excluding that impact, O&G expense increased only 3.3% and leverage improved approximately 50 basis points.  As you can see in the appendix, real estate utilization improved as a percent of revenues which is the result of ongoing operating disciplines and cost actions taken in 2007.  On slide 8, we show continuing progress on operating margin on a trailing 12-month basis, which is one of our primary financial objectives. This excludes past restructuring impairment charges in order to capture the trend in underlying results. Q3 was our ninth consecutive quarter of improvement and as you can see, adjusted operating margin over the last 12 months was 8.1%.  On slide 9, we turn to cash flow for the year-to-date period. For the nine months, cash generated from operations was $146 million compared with the use of $209 million in 2007, an improvement of $365 million.  Working capital used $159 million in the nine months, which is an improvement of $235 million from last year. We would typically expect the use of cash and working capital for the first nine months due to the seasonal nature of our business. Working capital management continues to be an area of strong focus for us.  Investing activities used $196 million in the nine months, including $75 million in Q3 related to four acquisitions that were closed. The most significant of these were the Middle East Communications Network, the premier marketing services group in the Middle East/North Africa region where we moved from a minority to majority position. And Huge, a terrific digital agency based in New York in which we took a majority interest.  The net change in cash and marketable securities in the nine months was a seasonal decrease of $323 million compared with a decrease of $431 million a year ago. This is an improvement of $108 million, notwithstanding our redemption of $191 million of convertible notes in March of this year. Turning to our balance sheet on slide 10, you can see that we ended Q3 with $1.7 billion in cash and short-term marketable securities. That is an increase of $174 million from a year ago while again having redeemed the converts in March of this year.  Our debt maturity schedule as of quarter end is presented on slide 11. Total debt at quarter end was $2.1 billion. Our maturities are well spaced going forward, with $250 million maturing in November 2009 and the same amount in November 2010.  We were pleased to initiate our new $335 million revolving credit facility with a group of leading banks in the quarter which has a three-year commitment. We continue to have the $750 million facility in place until June 2009 as well. Along with our cash position, and the fact that we do not rely on short-term financing, our liquidity continues to be strong, which is particularly important given the current situation in the credit markets.  In summary, this was the best Q3 and nine months in many years for IPG with improved controls, business processes, systems and talent, we believe we are in a much stronger position to navigate through today's more challenging business environment. We have strong liquidity, our businesses are demonstrating full competitiveness, and we are successfully utilizing enhanced financial tools and insight to improve efficiency and profitability so as to drive improved performance across the board.  Now let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Roth:   Thank you, Frank. As you can see, our performance for Q3 and the first nine months was strong. Profitability continues to improve. We posted very good organic revenue growth with additional assignments from existing clients, as well as new business wins. The growth was across all marketing disciplines. We continue to see demand for digital, marketing services, integrated solutions and high value, strategic thinking in advertising and media, as well as strong capabilities in the emerging economies.  We have made important moves in recent times to further improve our position in key growth markets and in emerging media capabilities. We will remain focused on these areas for potential acquisitions and alliances.  Topmost on our agenda is keeping the positive momentum we are building and making all of our agencies offerings fully competitive. This means creating solutions for clients that put the right people and the right tools at their disposal at the right time to connect with consumers. As such, we will continue to invest appropriately in talent and tools in strategically critical areas for the long-term health of the business  The other item that is top of the mind for us is staying close to the broader economic developments and reacting quickly to protect our margins. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, the difficult global economic situation is leading to increased caution on the part of our clients. To date, we have experienced a limited number of delays and cancellations in some fourth quarter project spending. There is no clear pattern to it, though we are seeing softness in the financial sector and auto continues to be hit.  By region, we're seeing softness in Japan and some softness in project spend in European markets. The question we cannot answer with certainty is whether there is more to come and the degree to which we will see activity curtailed. We will continue our dialogue with our clients and work closely with them to achieve their business needs, and also continue to do something we have pledged to you since the beginning of this year, which is to manage the business very conservatively as we move through this period of uncertainty.  We continue to believe that our model, based on the full range of marketing disciplines and broad geographic presence, will provide some measure of protection. As you know, the momentum of the economic downturn is calling into question every business assumption, no matter what industry you're in. Nonetheless, we continue to believe we are in positions to achieve our financial objectives for 2008, although the degree to which economic conditions further deteriorate is a risk to meeting these goals.  We will be extremely focused on controlling costs and managing margins and at the same time continue to partner with our clients. That is what we are asking of our operating management and of ourselves. It's what's required to consolidate and build on the progress we have been making and to enhance IPG's long-term value.  With that, I want to thank you for being with us and open up the floor to questions. 
Operator:  Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan. 
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan : Could you just give us a bit more color on how the quarter progressed? Specifically, was there a significant change in organic growth in September versus the rest of the quarter? How much of a drop off? Do you think you can quantify a bit more for October, although its still early?
Michael Roth:   Actually, September was a strong month for us. It wasnt that we were seeing deterioration. Obviously I referenced in my remarks some drop-offs in special projects in October, but we dont see that as a major pattern.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan : When you look at your auto clients, how has the revenue come in versus your expectations? Can you give us a sense of how conservative youre being for that vertical going forward in terms of your expense planning?
Michael Roth:   Obviously when the year started we anticipated a pullback in automotive, so as far as our planning process it may be slightly down, but its not a significant miss in terms of what we were expecting.  On the positive side, we picked up some new business at General Motors with respect to the CRM business, so were encouraged by that. Although it is obviously troubling, it is not that far removed from what we had assumed.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan : Lastly, how low do you think the organic revenue growth can get in Q4 for you to still meet the low end of your guidance?
Michael Roth:   I know thats a key question, and obviously were looking at it very carefully. Obviously to the extent were flat in the fourth quarter we should be okay in terms of meeting our objectives. To the extent it goes negative, thats where we have to look very carefully at managing our costs and see how it impacts us.
Operator:   Your next question comes from John Janedis - Wachovia. 
John Janedis - Wachovia : What are you hearing from the BRIC countries as we head into 09? Are you seeing concerns there anywhere near the levels of the U.S. or Europe?
Michael Roth: Obviously there are concerns all over the world, not just the BRIC countries and theres a lot of uncertainty. It ranges depending on sector and the geographic area, John, and I cant tell you one specific area versus the other.  Obviously we did see some softening in the BRIC countries and obviously what is going on in the capital markets is worrisome. I cant point to anything specific that would call to attention one particular area.
Operator:   Our next question comes from Troy Mastin - William Blair. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair : A follow up to what Alexia had asked -- and I know this is hard to answer -- but Im curious if you could provide some depth regarding looking into 09. At what level of organic revenue growth or perhaps traction would you experience negative operating leverage?
Michael Roth:   Obviously its too soon. We want to get through the fourth quarter before we get to 2009. Our goal is to continue improving our margins, as we said we were going to do. So therefore our marching orders are that even if we dont see organic growth, we have to improve our margins by keeping our eyes on our cost profile and thats how were going into the planning cycle.
Troy Mastin - William Blair : So is it fair to say that if you had flat organic in 09 you would still expect to achieve margin improvement?
Frank Mergenthaler:   Yes.
Michael Roth:   Thats what were driving towards, yes.
Troy Mastin - William Blair : And then in terms of the fourth quarter, can you give us an estimate of how much as a percentage of revenue or in dollars is project-oriented and how substantial the cuts or the delays you have seen so far in the fourth quarter have been relative to the potential cancellations or delays?
Frank Mergenthaler:   The cancellations have been spotty. I know the question is how much. We dont know the exact number. Were using an approximate number of around $75 million for the quarter in terms of project. Thats probably conservative.
Jerome Leshne:
 : Troy, in a normal year we have pretty good visibility as to the likelihood that those projects would be cancelled, but its not a normal year.
Troy Mastin - William Blair : Make sure I understand conservative -- does conservative mean $75 million is a low guess or thats a high guess?
Jerome Leshne:   Probably a high guess.
Michael Roth:   High guess.
Troy Mastin - William Blair : I just wanted to make sure. You mentioned that you had some event business that sounded abnormally high in the third quarter. I just want to understand the $30 million that you referenced. Was that incremental versus last year, or was that total? If it was total, how much similar revenue did you have last year?
Jerome Leshne:   That was two discrete projects. Its new business. The $30 million is the pass through effect which in the event business we act as either a principal or an agent. When were an agent we just get paid a fee and when were a principal, we take a little more risk. Then the P&L is a gross-up of our revenue expenses, so that $30 million is incremental revenue that youre seeing it go through the revenue line and our expense line, so its profit neutral. On top of that we get a fee, and thats also in our revenue line.
Troy Mastin - William Blair : On digital, Im curious based on what you have encountered so far in the third quarter what youre hearing early in the fourth quarter, do you feel like digital is being meaningfully impacted by the environment, maybe accelerated in growth for the third quarter? What can you tell us about what youre seeing in digital?
Michael Roth:   Obviously digital includes a lot of things. Digital, when you talk digital in our business these days its not just the traditional digital that you know. I mean, digital is part of our PR business; its part of our event business; its part of all our marketing services businesses.  Clearly clients are looking to spend more in digital than in traditional media, if you will. The good part of digital is that it is measurable. A lot of the business is measurable so therefore, if clients are looking to be conservative in terms of where they spend their dollars, they are more likely to spend it in an arena, for example, in behavior-based marketing where it is measurable. So if you spend X dollars youll know what the return is. Thats the kind of dialogue were having with our clients with respect to the digital environment.
Troy Mastin - William Blair : Is it fair to say thats holding up better and maybe not showing many signs of weakness right now?
Michael Roth:   I would say its easier to see it and its easier to work with our clients in it, so probably yes.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Craig Huber  Barclays Capital. 
Craig Huber  Barclays Capital : Hypothetically, if your organic revenues were down next year, just given the macro environment, can you just go through with us the nine cost categories you break out in your presentation package? Where do you think you have a lot of flexibility there? I assume in temporary help, incentive compensation, but can you also touch on the O&G lines where you have some flexibility, and how much perhaps?
Frank Mergenthaler:   The largest area of the opportunity we focus on is the salary line, both in full-time salary and also temporary labor. When you go to O&G, the variability of that cost base is not significant. With respect to real estate, things like that, it is very difficult to make short-term adjustments that have any material impact on that.
Michael Roth:   Also to the extent its project-based, its a lot easier to manage the costs that are associated with it because its specifically to that project. On a more general basis, thats where the management comes into play in terms of anticipating what is necessary to service our existing clients. We dont want to lose sight of the fact that we have the continue to do that. We have the processes now from a financial point of view to make sure were watching that.
Craig Huber  Barclays Capital : What Im curious here about is given the significant progress you guys have made in the last couple of years, given the macro environment which is clearly not your fault and none of our faults, would you be willing to take down your employee base if you had down organic revenues next year? But of course that would also hurt your turnaround going forward once we get through this down cycle?
Frank Mergenthaler:
 : Its obviously the $64 million question, and what we do is when we deal with our business units, we have to manage to the margins and frankly its up to the management to decide how theyre going to do that. There are different ways of doing it. Certainly to the extent that there is no revenue and the people associated with revenue generation are being efficient or productive, then you have to look at whether theyre required in this environment. So its really on a case by case study where you have to look at how youre going to operate in the margins.  Some of our businesses are going to be up. Its not that everybody is going to be down. Therefore in some cases well invest in more people and in some cases well have to reduce the amount of headcount.
Craig Huber  Barclays Capital : Can you help us just think about the organic revenue growth you had in the quarter? What percentage of that came from new business as opposed to just further business with existing clients?
Frank Mergenthaler:
 : Most of it is coming from our existing clients.
Craig Huber  Barclays Capital : You mentioned project revenue of roughly $75 million conservative this year. What was that figure a year ago in the fourth quarter, please?
Frank Mergenthaler:   We dont believe it would be materially different.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Ben Schachter - UBS. 
Ben Schachter - UBS : When youre looking at the UK and you see such strong growth there, can you walk through how that might look into 4Q and any initial thoughts on 2009? On 2009, when do you think youre going to begin to have more clarity on what budgets look like? Is that a November timeframe, or are you waiting much longer than you have in the past?
Frank Mergenthaler:   Were in the middle of doing our planning now. Probably in November well have better visibility into 2009 and thats when well have our targets finalized and so on. 
Jerome Leshne:   When you look at the U.K. organic growth this quarter of 21%, you know, when you pull out the event business, you still had pure organic growth around 13% and we have called out, over the past two years, about a significant amount of investment we have made in talent across all of our agencies in the UK and what were seeing is a lot of our core agencies, McCann and Lowe, had very strong quarters. What we are starting to see is those teams take hold and we expect them to continue to show strong performance.
Ben Schachter - UBS : You are seeing a lot of weakness in the UK and some people say its even more exaggerated than it is here. Do you think the UK will continue to outgrow the U.S. both in 4Q and 2009?
Jerome Leshne:   We dont have visibility in 2009. Were pleased with the turnaround in performance we have seen in the UK through the nine months, and were pleased with the management teams we have put in that market.
Frank Mergenthaler:
 : Obviously the turnaround in Lowe is helpful there, and we had some business wins in Lowe that are attributed to that.
Operator:   Your next question comes from James [Barrett] - Morgan Stanley. 
James Barrett - Morgan Stanley: Given that you have got the new $335 million facility in place and the lasting of the ELF facility next year, are there any plans to put in any incremental facility as you look into next year? Can you talk about what your plan is once the lapsing of that facility gets through and what your plans are for the cash deployment?
Michael Roth: You know, one of the things we have been very successful at is being very conservative and opportunistic when the markets present themselves. So to the extent there is an opportunity for us to put in a facility on a more normalized basis to replace the ELFs, then that is obviously what we will do. But right now given the market conditions, were fortunate in that we dont have to do anything right now, so thats the way we have been looking at it.  We have always said when everything turned to normal we would take a look at our excess cash positions and see what we would do with that excess cash. Fortunately, that excess cash is a very important thing for us to have in this environment and were pleased that we have it. So we want to see the markets settle down before we commit to do anything with our excess cash.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank. 
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank : On the new business wins, it was certainly a highlight; the growth in the quarter was driven by new business, by spending from existing clients. How are you doing year-to-date on new business wins? Are you still positive?
Michael Roth:
 :
 : The answer to that is yes. Obviously there are not a lot of new business pitches out there. We are participating in the big ones that are out there and we expect to see one or two before year end, but were net new business positive for the year.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank : Are you more or less new business positive this quarter as opposed to last quarter?
Michael Roth:
 : I would say last quarter was a little stronger on new business than this quarter, but its hard to tell. The important thing is were net new business positive for the year.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank : Comment if you would on two of the components of your turnaround plan. One is Draft FCB, I didnt hear that even mentioned during the quarter, and if you read the trade press it sounds like there is a bit of musical chairs going on there. And Lowe, you highlighted some strength there but again its a little bit in conflict with what the trade press is reporting.
Michael Roth:   Well let me talk about Lowe. I dont think the trade reports are at all accurate with respect to Lowe. What theyre focusing on is some management issues with Lowe, but from a business perspective, we had committed to Lowe being profitable in 2008 and we expect to deliver on that.  The trade presses are focusing on, frankly, Steve Gatfield, and we do have a search to find someone to replace Steve. The existing management team, including Steve, is working very carefully in the markets right now. Tony Wright, Fernando, and Kevin and the rest of the team out there are doing a terrific job, so were very pleased with the management of Lowe. Frankly, for the first time in a number of years were seeing an orderly transition in terms of management at Lowe, so were pleased with that. Were going through the process, and its going quite smoothly.  Draft FCB if you recall, the noise in Draft FCB frankly is pretty much in New York because when Verizon moved over to McCann there were some holes left in the New York Draft FCB. But the rest of Draft FCB is performing very well. Theyre in line with what they said they would do for 2008 and were focusing on giving a boost to the New York office of Draft FCB, but Chicago and the rest of the world are performing extremely well.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank : Can you talk about the strong performance of Lowe? Up to this point, are they still on track to be profitable for this year or were there any trends that might jeopardize -- notwithstanding any expected changes -- in the fourth quarter spending? Were there any wins that might jeopardize their ability to reach profitability in 2008?
Michael Roth:   No, in fact I think I just said theyre on track to be profitable for 2008. Obviously when we say profitable, its just profitable. Its not at the margins that the rest of our businesses are at, but obviously that is the opportunity going forward.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein : I have two housekeeping for Frank and then two on the cost side. Frank, Im looking at slide 4, CMG growth in the quarter. You mention there was $30 million in project revenues. Was that all related to CMG or is that split?
Frank Mergenthaler:   Michael, it is. If you look at the CMG growth of 18.3%, if you take out the specific project related work, a more normalized growth rate is about 7.8%. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein : I wonder if you can help us with forex for the rest of the year and 09? I think it is important that everyone has the same numbers.
Frank Mergenthaler:   We have taken a very top level look at that. I think the headwind in the second quarter is about 2% and the headwind in the fourth quarter is 3% to 4%; but quite candidly, thats more of a guesstimate at this point.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein : So 3% to 4% in the fourth?
Frank Mergenthaler:   No -- 2% in the fourth, 3% to 4% in 09.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein : On the cost side, it looks like professional fees are starting to level off here. I wondered, is there another leg down or is this a good run rate into the future?
Frank Mergenthaler:   I think we have made dramatic improvement and well always continue to drive those costs down; but were not there yet and I think that we are starting to normalize, but we would expect to see continued improvement into 09.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein : Last one would be on incentive comp. I think you said to us over the past, dont read too much into quarter-over-quarter changes in incentive comp, but on a 12-month basis, on a year basis, what is the relationship? How should we think about the relationship between incentive comp and organic revenue growth?
Frank Mergenthaler: I think we have called out that a range for reasonable number is roughly 3.5% of revenues and we still believe thats the right range.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein : Okay. Thanks.
Frank Mergenthaler:   Youre welcome.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Sarah Gubbins - Merrill Lynch. 
Sarah Gubbins - Merrill Lynch : Aside from the project-based noise or some cutbacks, are there particular disciplines where clients are being either more or less cautious or talking about cutting back?
Michael Roth:
 : No, I think its on a client-by-client basis. The projects are easy to see because first of all its immediate and you see the benefit. But as far as the overall spend, I think its important to talk about what clients do in a challenged environment. Certainly the fact that even in a difficult environment many of our clients view spending to continue to build brand as an important aspect of their marketing dollar so we are seeing that.  In fact, our conversations with clients say that we have to continue to spend to build our brands so that when the market turns we havent lost market share.  So its not in any particular discipline that were seeing cut backs on. As I said, the clients are being very, very cautious and we have to be able to really show that were moving the needle in terms of the dollars that are being spent so we have invested in a lot of tools for measurement; obviously behavioral-based marketing helps with respect to that type of analysis.  But I think the clients are basically saying were seeing demand, we have to focus on where the demand is and what we can do to continue to maintain our market share. I think it would be a mistake -- and Im not just saying it because were in the business -- but its a mistake for marketers to pull back completely in this environment because when it turns around, theyll lose market share if they havent done that.
Sarah Gubbins - Merrill Lynch : Would you expect the pass through revenue and costs to also impact the fourth quarter? Are you still expecting about $150 million in acquisition spend for the year?
Frank Mergenthaler:   For the pass through costs, in prior quarters its been negligible for a growth contributor so this was a bit of an anomaly. We would expect, again, youre always going to have pass through but we dont expect a material impact on growth.  With respect to acquisition spend, the $150 million is still a pretty good number.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets. 
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets : I wanted to dig in a little bit on some of the regional growth rates outside of the U.S. and the UK. You mention Japan was weighing down Asia Pacific; can you give us a little color on Asia Pacific ex-Japan?
Frank Mergenthaler:   China was still pretty strong at about 6% growth. Thats off a very strong Q2 with the Olympics. India was low double-digits. Brazil was relatively robust so when you pull Japan out of the mix, the rest of the developing markets, Southeast Asia was relatively strong. We have such a big presence in Japan, it distorts the regional disclosure but the rest of the region is doing fine.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets : It hit me on Brazil there as well. The big picture question that goes with that is, obviously there were some one-time effects in Europe, but even Western European growth was strong, although you mentioned maybe some project worries there. What is your take on the decoupling theory between the emerging markets and then the larger UK and Western European, U.S. markets and how economic troubles that have been focused on the more mature markets may drip into some of those faster-growing smaller markets?
Michael Roth:   You know, you have to distinguish between local markets and global markets, and clients that are global. Certainly youre going to see a more immediate impact on local, particularly on the media side and the local spend. Were going to see that. Again, whether that is temporary or not is going to be a function of how long it takes for recovery.  In terms of the global environment, as I said, we see our global clients continue to invest in these emerging markets. They view them as important markets for the future and this is an opportunity to build brand, and I believe were going to see it. Its not going to be easy and whatever dollars are being spent are being very carefully allocated, but theres still going to be a spend. Unless we see some major depression out there, I think there will be continue to be spend; the question is where it is going to come from.  Thats what our job is. Our job is to work with our clients to see where they can best spend their dollars.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse.
Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse : As you look ahead to 09 and were really in this period right now where clients are sitting down with their agencies and discussing scopes of work agreements for next year, are you noticing any changes to the structure of those agreements? For instance, are you seeing an increase in clients requesting six-month deals rather than the typical annual?
Michael Roth:   We havent seen that. We just recently had a big training session and we had two of our major clients -- I wont mention who they are -- but they addressed our group and both of them were very aggressive in terms of what they see in the marketplace and how important the relationship with their agencies are in terms of moving the needle. What theyre looking for is partnership between us and them to make sure that their dollars are being spent wisely.  Its not that theyre cutting back or theyre looking to do it on a shorter timeframe. They just want to make sure that theyre getting the most for their dollars. Thats the challenge for us. We have to prove that (a) were adding value, (b) were being the most efficient that we can in terms of the price, and thats how we move forward.  But we havent seen it. It may be out there on a local basis, but we havent seen any major restructuring of our contracts like that.
Operator:   Our next question is from Catriona Fallon  Citigroup. 
Catriona Fallon  Citigroup: A question on the working capital. It looked like there was a nice improvement in working capital. Is this a one-time change or is this something permanent? Essentially does this reverse if organic growth changes or drops?
Frank Mergenthaler:   Catriona, working capital has been an area that all of our agencies have been focusing on for the past year-and-a-half. So we now have financial executives around the globe incentivized on more aggressively managing the working capital. Were seeing the improvement in that now, but again, working capital is volatile quarter to quarter but we would expect to see continued improvement off of what we believe was historically an area we underinvested behind management time.
Catriona Fallon  Citigroup: I read somewhere that in Europe youre combining Rivet into Lowe in London you for the Nokia contract. Are there more opportunities to do that type of consolidation and how much do you really achieve on the cost side from bringing agencies together?
Michael Roth:   That was not done as a result of a cost initiative. Again, were always looking for the best way to service our clients and it also goes to show how one of the benefits of a holding company is that you use all of your resources that are available. In this case, Rivet, which is part of Draft FCB, was working very closely with Lowe and Nokia and the conclusion was that it would be better served to be working together through Lowe on this particular area. Draft FCB continues to work with Nokia as well.  So it wasnt so much driven by cost as it was a working relationship among the client as well as the IPG agencies. Were always looking at ways to be more efficient in terms of not duplicating resources with respect to existing geographic areas, but I wouldnt view it as a wholesale consolidation looking throughout the world. We were opportunistic. We look at what is efficient, and thats how we move.
Catriona Fallon  Citigroup: My last question is a big picture one, or a theoretical one. If clients are talking about the need to cut ad spend into 09, what does that really mean for their spend with IPG agencies? If, for instance, the idea is to cut spend 10%, what portion of that will be on the media buying versus on the creative aspect of the spend?  How should we be thinking about clients need to cut costs versus their need to maintain the creative aspect?
Michael Roth:   There are two ways of looking at it. First is the delayed spend, and that is when it comes to year end they move projects, they move work into 2009 versus 2008. Some of that is taking place. Some of it is on the project side doesnt come back. That will affect as we have been talking about throughout this call. As far as where they cut and what the impact is, thats where the tools that we have and how we work with our clients in terms of where they spend their dollars.  It will depend. If it is a business-to-business environment, they may cut traditional TV versus print or Internet. I mean, thats where the tools that we use with respect to how you allocate your spend becomes relevant. so it will depend on the client, and it will depend on the environment.  But in some cases, it will be media, in some cases it wont. There is no blanket rule, but the other side of it is how much of it is a cut in scope and how it affects us? Obviously if its a cut in scope and we have the ability to reduce the amount of people that are allocated to it, were talking about reductions in margin as opposed to anything else. So that all goes into the mix of how we do our planning for 2009, which is exactly what were looking at now.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Mark [Elm] - Credit Suisse. 
Mark Elm - Credit Suisse : Most expectations are for rents to be moving lower in the next couple of years. Could that be a significant improvement for you? Do enough of your leases come up during the next year or so that you might be able to negotiate down?
Frank Mergenthaler:   We have a very aggressive real estate team. I think we have made significant progress over the past three years in pushing our rental costs down. It is predicated on markets and maturity of leases, but we have got fairly sizable presence in most major cities. A lot of those leases are at very favorable rates still. So well continue to look at opportunities, and well push very hard.
Mark Elm - Credit Suisse : Not to beat on the working capital again, but year-to-date it has been strong; was this again just one of those quarters with significant use? Was there anything unusual there, or is it just, again, quarterly timing?
Frank Mergenthaler:   There was nothing unusual in the nine months or the quarter.
Operator:   There are no more questions at this time.
Michael Roth:   I thank you again. I thank you all for your support. Obviously it is a challenging environment but I hope you get a sense that were focused and we look forward to the next call and sharing information with you. Thank you again.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael I. Roth - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Frank Mergenthaler - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Jerry Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - J.P. Morgan John Janedis - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers Brian Shipman - Jefferies & Co. Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company, LLC Michael Nathanson - Stanford & Bernstein Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank Securities Benjamin Schachter - UBS [Jonathan Cohen] Andrew Berg - Post Advisory Group Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Leo Schmidt - The CHUBB Corporation
Operator: Welcome to the Interpublic Group second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jerry Leshne: Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website www.interpublic.com and will refer to both in the course of this call. This morning we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A. We plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 AM Eastern. During this call we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company which are subject to uncertainties in the cautionary statement that is included in our earnings release and our slide presentation and further detailed in our 10K and other filings with the SEC. At this point it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael I. Roth: Thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our results for the second quarter and first half of 2008. Ill begin by covering the highlights of our performance; Frank will then take us through the results in detail; and after his remarks I will return with closing comments before we move on to the Q&A. Obviously we are very pleased with the results that we are sharing with you today. Our performance in the second quarter and first half of 2008 was the strongest that IPG has delivered in many years. Organic revenue growth of 6.3% in the quarter is something we can be proud of and the 5.8% number for the first half is clearly competitive with the industry. All of our major units are contributing to this growth which goes to show that the strategic actions weve been taking and the continued focus on developing and recruiting top talent are in fact making our offerings more powerful in the market place. McCann Worldgroup is strong overall and continues to perform at a high level, as did CMG led by Weber Shandwick, GolinHarris, Jack Morton and Octagon. Draftfcb had a very solid first half as did our US independents. Our media brands continue to make major strides in terms of people, product and results. Lowe has not only won significant business of late particularly from its large multinational clients but is on target to post a profit for the full year which is consistent with one of our primary objectives for the year. In terms of geography our international organic growth was very strong this quarter and is evident in every region in which we operate. There was also strength internationally across all our disciplines. We have stated previously that we were focused on improving performance internationally and we will continue to keep working against this goal. We will also continue to look for opportunities to strengthen our capabilities in high growth markets or regions through acquisitions. Ill have a little more to say about that in my closing comments. Turning to operating margin, we saw good improvement from 8.8% in the second quarter of 2007 to 10.9% this year. For the past few quarters weve shared with you a trailing 12-month margin calculation and that chart once again is in Franks presentation, and you will see that it once again demonstrates were making significant progress in terms of improving profitability. As a result of our continued improvement on both the top line and in our ability to drive profitability we saw the second quarter operating income rise from $146 million in 2007 to $201 million this year. For the first six months, which include the seasonal loss we typically see in the first quarter, operating income jumped from $21 million in 2007 to $143 million this year. These dramatically improved bottom line results tell us that the people and processes we have put in place across the organization have given us more effective financial controls. We also have better visibility into the organization and greater confidence that we have the right tools with which to run our business day to day. We often call out the fact that performance during a turnaround is not linear and warn you against projecting future results based on a given quarter. This is especially true in light of the economic uncertainty that we are all seeing out there. While we were pleased with the first half results, we are approaching the back half of the year conservatively and will proactively manage costs in order to achieve our margin targets. However, we can reiterate that we remain on track to achieve our 2008 financial objectives. Now Ill hand things over to Frank for the full details on our results during the first six months.
Frank Mergenthaler: Let me remind everyone that the presentation slides which accompany our remarks are available on our website. As Michael indicated in his comments, we are very pleased with our performance in the second quarter and year-to-date. Among highlights in the quarter consolidated organic revenue growth was 6.3% reflecting strong international growth as well as solid growth domestically against a very strong comparable quarter a year ago. Operating income increased 38% to $201 million. Operating margin expanded to 10.9% from 8.8% reflecting improved leverage on both of our principal operating expense lines. Cash flow from operations in the quarter increased to $399 million from $44 million a year ago. Our diluted earnings per share were $0.17 compared with $0.24 in Q207 which included a net tax benefit of $11 million related to a tax reserve reversal of approximately $80 million. Excluding that item comparable earnings per share a year ago would have been approximately $0.09. Turning to Slide 3, you can see our complete P&L for the quarter. Ill cover revenue and operating expenses in detail on the slides that follow. On Slide 4 we provide additional detail on revenue. Reported revenue in the quarter was $1.84 billion an increase of 11.1%. Compared to Q207 exchange rates had a positive impact of 4.1% while net business acquisitions added 0.6%. Organic revenue growth of 6.3% compares to 6.6% in Q207. Growth was attributable both to higher revenue from existing clients and from net new business wins. On the bottom half of this slide you can see that both operating segments performed well in the quarter. At our integrated agency networks reported revenue grew 11.5% and the organic increase was 6.1%. Growth was solid across most disciplines led by media, digital and activation as well as advertising. At our constituency management group reported revenue grew 8.7% and the organic increase was 7.5%. We again saw strong performance in our public relations and event marketing businesses. Slide 5 provides a breakdown of Q2 revenue growth by region. In the US revenue increased 3.2% organically. We had growth across our full-range of advertising and marketing disciplines led by McCann World Group and our public relation agencies Weber Shandwick, GolinHarris, and major increases in most major client industry sectors. The general tone of business in the US remained solid in Q2; 3.2% growth compared sequentially to 5.2% in Q1 of this year but our comparable Q2 last year in the US was an extraordinary 10.7%. Internationally reported revenue growth was 21% which includes a significant currency lift. Organic growth of 10.6% marks our best quarter outside the US in many years and that brings the six months to 8.1%. Growth in the quarter was diversified with double-digit organic increase in four of our five regions. It is especially gratifying that the growth was led by Media as well as McCann Worldgroup and Jack Morton. In the UK organic growth was 11.5% led by Lowe and Jack Morton which is attributable to new business and higher existing client revenue. In Continental Europe organic growth was 4.2% paced by our Media brands and McCann with new client wins and increases from existing clients. Among the largest national markets we had increases in Germany, Spain and Italy while revenue in France declined. In Asia Pac Q2 organic revenue growth was 13.7% led again by Media, McCann and Morton with strong gains in China and Australia. In Latin America organic revenue growth was 15.1% led by Draftfcb on the strength of new client wins and McCann. On Slide 6 we present a longer view of organic revenue growth that tracks a trailing 12-month basis. As you can see over the past two and a half years organic revenue growth has trended up strongly and was 4.5% for the most recent period. On Slide 7 we move on to a closer look at operating expenses. In aggregate we drove over 200 basis points of consolidated operating expense leverage in the quarter. Salaries and related expenses were $1.1 billion in the quarter, 60.1% of revenue compared to 61.1% of revenue a year ago an improvement of 100 basis points. Breaking that down, as you will see in the Appendix to our presentation slides, leverage on base salaries and benefits improved 100 basis points and was the largest driver of our improvement. At the same time temporary help also declined by 30 basis points as a percentage of revenue. Our incentive expense increased from a year ago mainly due to the cumulative effect of improved performance against our financial objectives. At 3.9% of revenue in the quarter the incentive expense ratio was a bit higher than we would expect for the full year. Severance expense declined to 60 basis points from 100 a year ago. Office and general expenses on the lower half of this slide were $528 million, 28.8% of revenue compared with 30.4% of revenue a year ago. All major cost categories in O&G decreased as a percentage of revenue. The key driver was improved leverage on occupancy expense which declined 80 basis points as a percentage of revenue. This is the result of ongoing operating disciplines and cost actions taken in 2007. On Slide 8 we show continuing progress on operating margin on a trailing 12-month basis, one of our primary financial objectives. This excludes past restructuring of impairment charges in order to capture the trend in the underlying results. Q2 was our eighth consecutive quarter of improvement, and as you can see adjusted operating margin over the last 12 months was 7.4%. On Slide 9 we turn to cash flow for the second quarter. For the quarter cash generated from operations was $399 million compared with $44 million in Q207. For the six months operations generated cash of $111 million compared with a use of $339 million a year ago. Our significant improvement in Q2 was largely due to improved cash from working capital. Highlighted in yellow Q2 cash from working capital was $183 million compared to a use of $133 million a year ago. This performance is the result of growth in certain businesses and improved working capital management in certain of our operating units. As we have pointed out on prior calls, we would caution about focusing too much on performance in a single quarter. In this case there is a good deal of quarterly variation that is inherent in working capital results. So while our efforts on driving improvement remain a work in progress, we are encouraged and pleased with the results in the quarter. Moving on, the adjustment for deferred taxes was $47 million compared with a -$17 million a year ago. We continue to utilize steadily higher amounts of deferred tax assets which originated from prior period operating losses. The net change in cash and marketable securities in Q2 was an increase of $344 million compared with a decrease of $38 million a year ago. Turning to our balance sheet on Slide 10, you can see that we ended Q2 with $1.9 billion in cash and short-term marketable securities. That is an increase of $375 million from a year ago notwithstanding our repurchase of $191 million convertible debt in the first quarter of this year.  Our debt maturity schedule as of quarter end is presented on Slide 11. Total debt at quarter end was $2.1 billion with maturities that are well distributed going forward. We are very pleased to have entered into a new revolving credit facility with a group of leading banks. We thank them for their support. The facility is essentially a plain vanilla revolver with capacity of $335 million and a three-year term at competitive costs and is available for general corporate purposes. We believe that it provides us with significant financial flexibility while it includes covenants and conditions typical of a facility of this nature. We believe it is particularly important to be proactive in the credit environment to secure replacement back stop liquidity in anticipation of the ELF maturity in June of next year. This should substantially eliminate any concern there may have been about another equity linked facility and is a welcome endorsement of our financial progress by the credit community. In summary, on Slide 12 this is our best Q2 and first half operating performance in many years. These results demonstrate the broad competitiveness of our offerings and we believe our ability to sustainably drive higher levels of shareholder value. Through the first six months we are tracking well against our full-year 08 financial objectives of competitive organic growth and 8.5% to 9% operating margin. As Michael indicated we are aware of the broader economic situation. As a matter of operating and financial discipline we are therefore already holding our agencies to a standard that assumes the need to manage toward our margin target. These include being aggressive on any discretionary expenses, hiring only under realized new revenue, and carefully managing temporary labor. We are optimistic that our strongly improved financial visibility and control will enable us to deliver on our financial objectives for the year. Now let me turn it back over to Michael.
Michael I. Roth: As you can see, our performance for Q2 and the first half was strong and represents a good start to 2008. We posted competitive organic revenue growth with additional assignments from existing clients as well as new business wins. The growth was balanced across world regions and across the marketing disciplines. We continued to see demand for digital, marketing services, integrated solutions, and high value strategic thinking in advertising and media as well as strong capabilities in the emerging economies. In connection with a couple of these key growth drivers there are two events that took place after the end of the second quarter that bear mention here. As you may have seen yesterday we announced that we have moved forward from a minority to a majority position in the Middle East Communications Network or MCN. MCN is the premier marketing services group in the Middle East/North Africa region with over 60 offices in 14 countries. They have been our partner for decades and work closely with a full-range of our agency brands across all brands of marketing. The group also includes a number of powerful local agencies. MCN operates in one of the worlds fastest-growing regions with over 300 million people; very high per capital GDP and projected advertising expenditures that are growing at rates in line with markets such as India, China and Russia. Thats what makes this such a compelling opportunity for us. Its also why were excited that stepping up our partnership with MCN will further our leadership position in this dynamic region. A second and equally strategic transaction that we will announce later this morning is in the digital arena. Marketing services in the interactive space are fast evolving beyond site development and interface design. Our clients no longer think of digital as just a messaging medium. They are looking to the web and other emerging media to provide consumers with experiences and functionality that drive their business. One agency that figured this out early on and was able to combine technology expertise with creativity and has been a success story as a result is HUGE. Founded in 1999 they operate in New York, Los Angeles, Atlanta and London. The online businesses theyve designed and developed for clients like Jet Blue, Scholastic, IKEA, and Warner Music generate more than $3.5 billion in annual revenue for those clients. We see significant opportunities for HUGE to partner with our agencies, expand its geographic footprint, and deliver their unique process in e-commerce platforms to many of our clients. Were very pleased to have another terrific digital agency join the IPG family. With all of our past legacy issues behind us, its great to be on a call talking to you about strong results for the first half of the year and acquisitions that will position us well for the future. But were also keeping a close eye on the balance of 2008. Of course the question we are regularly asked is: When will the industry see the effects of the broader economic climate? We are not immune to the macro environment. We will certainly see certain client sectors affected and some countries feel the effect more than others as we move through this period of uncertainty. While we acknowledge the risk inherent in the macroeconomic environment, we believe that our model based on the full range of marketing disciplines and broad geographic presence will provide some degree of protection. Further, by managing our businesses with respect to their margins we believe we can deliver on our objectives for 2008 and enhance long-term shareholder value. With that Id like to thank you for being with us and open up the floor for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani - J.P. Morgan.
Alexia Quadrani - J.P. Morgan: Could you please give us some more color on what youre hearing from your larger clients in terms of their plans for spending in the second half? Any reason to expect any significant change from what youve seen year to date or do you think it will be more of a gradual pullback in some sectors? And then if you can also discuss how much of a headwind your auto clients were in, in the quarter and how much you expect that to be in the back half?
Michael I. Roth: Obviously my remarks about the macroeconomic environment take all of that into consideration. Our big clients are continuing to see this as an opportunity to build brand by spending. I think weve heard a lot and youve read a lot about companies that are reporting earnings and continuing to spend money on advertising. So we havent seen a major pullback. Obviously theres some pullback in local markets and its a geographic and project-oriented pullback but on the macro basis we have not seen major pullbacks as of yet. As far as the automotive, obviously we knew there were concerns in that area. Obviously the announcements of General Motors have some impact on us, but when we do our budgeting and forecasting for the year we take all of that into consideration. We work very closely with General Motors and we view that as an opportunity to help them in this challenging environment.
Alexia Quadrani - J.P. Morgan: It looks like your marketing services business, obviously you saw some very good growth in the quarter, would you say theres been a share shift away from maybe what your clients are spending and more of the branding to the marketing services area? Do you think thats a trend?
Michael I. Roth: Theres no question that were seeing additional money being spent in marketing services. Some of it is at the expense of traditional advertising but thats what the integrated offering is all about and thats why weve invested in all these growth areas by adding our tools to it and sufficient amount of expertise and talent in those markets.
Alexia Quadrani - J.P. Morgan: I guess put a different way, would you say the shift is accelerating because of the macroeconomic climate or not necessarily? And then just my last question is, if Frank can maybe give us an update on your thinking of use of cash? Youve made these new investments this week. Is putting back the dividend or buy-back next year a possibility or youd rather really focus on investments?
Michael I. Roth: Well I think the increased spend in marketing services was taking place even before the issues of macro environment, which is why weve invested in these growth areas. So I dont think its necessarily tied to it but certainly our clients are willing to spend more in those markets because frankly a lot of the return on investment calculations and tools are applicable to there, so they want to see immediate benefit of their spend. Let me address the question of our cash. Weve said this all along. Were still in the process of completing our turnaround and 2008 is a critical year for us. Our strong balance sheet is doing us well in this difficult environment. The fact that we were able to tap the credit markets was an example of how the credit markets view our financial stability and strength. And after we complete 2008 well take a hard look at our use of cash and to the extent we can look at buy-backs and dividends, thats obviously high on our list. As far as our acquisitions go, were consistent. Weve said we will spend around $150 million. These acquisitions that were announced yesterday and today are totally consistent with that and we dont see any major changes in that going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC.
John Janedis - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: It seems like your international growth is really starting to come together over the past couple of quarters. Can you provide a little more color particularly in the UK and France? 
Frank Mergenthaler: In the UK we have made a number of investments on key hires in the UK over the past three years. We had some businesses that were underperforming and were starting to see those businesses turn around. So were pleased with the progress in the UK. A similar situation in France where we had a number of businesses that weve invested behind but its a very challenging market for us. And unlike the rest of the region, we saw growth decline. Its a market well still participate in, well still invest behind, but I think that Europe in the aggregate is in a much stronger place for us today than it was say two years ago.
Michael I. Roth: Its worth noting the improvement of Lowe in particular in the UK. The major multinational client wins particularly with Unilever obviously has had an effect in terms of those improvements.
John Janedis - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: There has Michael been a lot of industry talk about big picture activity due to the economy and Im just wondering, has the bulk of your organic growth been coming from gains in share of [inaudible] and have you been winning an increasing amount of business without a formal pitch process?
Michael I. Roth: First of all our net new business win for the year continues to be positive, so thats good. And I agree there arent major pitches out there, which is a double-edged sword. One, that means a lot of our clients are up for review but the opportunities arent as great, and theres no question that were seeing an increase from our existing client base and thats providing a lot of the fuel for our organic growth.
John Janedis - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Was any business that you know of shifted from 3Q to 2Q?
Michael I. Roth: Not that we would know of.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Going back to the international question, is there anything of one time in nature why the UK performance as well as Latin America and the other international countries were much stronger year-over-year versus the trends we saw in the fourth quarter and first quarter? Was there any one time in nature that really helped the second quarter?
Frank Mergenthaler: Theres a project with a recurring client that happens every other year in the UK in one of our project businesses, so thats the only thing thats worth noting.
Michael I. Roth: Thats one of the areas were focused on improving, which means we werent doing as well as we were in the past. So therefore the improvements are ultimately to be expected with the investment and talent that weve added.
Frank Mergenthaler: In Latin America there was nothing worth noting.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Switching over to Lowe and Media, you mentioned those things are really turning around. Can you give us some numbers in terms of how much your Media revenues were up in the quarter year-over-year and also in terms of how much Lowe was up?
Frank Mergenthaler: Nice try Craig. We dont break that out. I did comment though on the fact that one of our key objectives for 2008 was for Lowe to be profitable and were on track to do that. So I think thats a key factor in us achieving our objectives. The same is true with Media. As you recall during the difficult periods of Media, we wanted to make sure that it provided positive input for us in terms of our overall objectives. And both of them are performing quite well.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Ill take that to mean that organic revenue upped in both of them.
Frank Mergenthaler: Both of those businesses Craig are tracking ahead of their 08 operating plans.
Michael I. Roth: And both of them contribute to our overall results, so you can take it from there.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: What of significance is actually underperforming from your original budget going into this year?
Frank Mergenthaler: I think across the board were pleased with where all our businesses are versus our 08 operating plans.
Michael I. Roth: We had indicated our objectives are in the 8.5% to 9% range and were sticking to that, so therefore you can conclude that we believe were right on.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Just going back to the economic question, what do you think it is with your business as to why its holding up so darn well? I realize you guys have been in a long-term turnaround here, but if youve now posted four of the last five quarters organic revenue growth up 5% to 6.5%, what do you think it is about your business why its holding up so much better in this difficult environment versus other places in the media?
Michael I. Roth: The one thing that was clear is we had to invest in talent. If you look at the overall improvement we have across all our disciplines, obviously Media - most recently weve added two individuals to media, in particular [Matt Syler] and [Michael Udis] to join with [Nick Bryan] and [Richard Bevin] and their team. Thats an important aspect of improving our overall offerings. We continue to invest in all the disciplines. The McCann World Group certainly has added a lot of talent in terms of its disciplines and marketing services. So our whole model, because its diversified and the integrated offering is real and we have offerings that deliver on the integrated offering whether it be geographical or by discipline, I think thats one of the reasons that you see some areas are up and some areas are down. And thats been helpful to us in terms of achieving our targets. Thats the theory and structure of a holding company model and I think what youre seeing is that coming to fruition.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Shipman - Jefferies & Co.
Brian Shipman - Jefferies & Co.: Could you talk a little or expand a little on the environment for new biz particularly outside the US and in Asia? And how much do you attribute in the recent strength to the Olympics and is that a risk post-Olympics?
Michael I. Roth: I think in new business we dont see any major big pitches out there and obviously local business is where a lot of the battle is being fought. And were getting our fair share. Were asked to participate in whatever pitches that are out there and we have the offerings in those locations. Thats why weve added to our strength in the various locations. The Olympics is not one of the areas that is significant to our planning process. Obviously we are participating in it with some of our major clients but its not a significant item for our overall financial picture, so therefore its not something thats going to adversely affect us for 2009.
Operator: Our next question comes from Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company, LLC.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company, LLC: Based on what youve seen so far in new business this year, do you expect it to be more or less meaningful in its contribution in the second half of 08 versus the first half?
Michael I. Roth: What we can comment on is anecdotally. Were hearing that people are waiting towards the end of the year to take a look at how this economy will play through. So therefore for 2008 I dont think its going to have a significant impact because obviously if there are new pitches coming for the balance of the year, we wont see the impact of it until 2009. But again all we can do is see whats out there right now and we havent seen it yet but there are some anecdotal stories out there that people are waiting. And well just have to see what happens. The good news is we are certainly competitive in all our offerings and certainly to the extent there are opportunities out there, we expect to participate.
Frank Mergenthaler: As Michael had mentioned earlier Troy, the growth through the first half of the year is based upon increased spend with existing clients and new business coming on stream. We would expect that to continue in the back half.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company, LLC: You expect that to continue in relatively even fashion between the two?
Frank Mergenthaler: We didnt disclose the makeup in the first half and so were not going to comment on the back half, but again we reiterated our growth targets of 4% to 5% and were still confident well achieve that.
Michael I. Roth: The sectors that we participate in; certainly the areas that the sectors are having the most trouble are not our largest sectors and frankly, even in those sectors were performing well. For example, the financial service side obviously MasterCard is an important component of that for us and I said this on our last call, it comprises of 7% of our total businesses, financial services, and obviously MasterCard is a big part of that. So were not seeing as big a hit if you will as a result of the sectors were in.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company, LLC: My next question might be very hard to answer, but Im going to try anyway. Maybe youve thought about this, done some back-of-the-envelope estimates, but how much do you think organic growth would have to deteriorate based on what you put in Slide 8 perhaps in the back half of this year for you to still achieve that 8.5% to 9% organic target?
Michael I. Roth: The answer is yes, weve done that, but no were not going to answer. All I can tell you is that weve done that calculation and we wouldnt be able to say that were reasonably comfortable that were going to achieve our target if we dont believe that the organic growth thats necessary to deliver is within our sight.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company, LLC: What would be the biggest risk to your ability to hit that target? Is it the project nature of some of your fourth quarter revenue or is it something else?
Michael I. Roth: I think it would have to be something greater than just project revenue. And obviously were also managing to the margins. I think both Frank and I mentioned in our comments that were assuming for the rest of the year for it to be difficult, so therefore our expense management is continuing notwithstanding the solid performance we had for the first half of the year.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company, LLC: In terms of acquisitions, how are you viewing the current environment in the context of your acquisition strategy? Given the removal of financial players and maybe some valuations coming in, does this make you more motivated to do acquisitions or if theres more uncertainty in the environment, does that result in a net pullback?
Michael I. Roth: Weve always said that our acquisitions are going to be very strategic in terms of filling either a discipline that we need help in or geographic. And I think thats just going to continue. There are no major acquisitions out there that we are thinking about or frankly we need. So the two examples that we just completed are classic examples of what we said we were going to be looking for. Geographic in particular in the Middle East, we think that is an opportunity and we used our relationship and our ability to do the transaction to our advantage; and in the digital space. So both of them are totally consistent with the type of transactions that well be looking at going forward.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Troy, were not seeing significant decline in asset valuations. Thats the crux of the question. Were not seeing that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nathanson - Stanford & Bernstein.
Michael Nathanson - Stanford & Bernstein: Now youve improved your systems and reporting processes. I know you spent a lot of time on it. How much revenue visibility do you guys have? I mean, how many quarters in advance can you actually get a comfort on forward bookings?
Frank Mergenthaler: Michael, weve gone through our half year operating reviews with all our large units. Our visibility into Q3 and Q4 is good. Its not where it needs to be and were always continuously trying to improve, but again we wouldnt be here reiterating our growth targets unless we had a high degree of comfort in what the back half of the year looks like. With that said, theres a fair amount of work that comes up in the fourth quarter that you dont have visibility into. So were basing it on conversations were having with clients and what recurring scopes of work or recurring projects have been in the past. But like us, companies are going through the same process now looking at the back half of the year and theres always risk in that spend.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford & Bernstein: And how much would you say, of the revenue base you have now looking forward, what percentage do you think is contractually given? And that could change, too. People could come back and say I need relief, but is it more three quarters you think thats contractually known at this point?
Frank Mergenthaler: Well, youve got contractual scopes of work, youve got project-related business, and you still have growth thats to be generated. So were not going to disclose what the percent is in each bucket, but those are the three main buckets and all have risks.
Michael I. Roth: And historically our fourth quarter has always been a key quarter for us so thats something that obviously we have to watch very carefully. The PR business for example is very much project oriented and those are the things we monitor very closely.
Frank Mergenthaler: Seasonality-wise our fourth quarters been running over the past few years 29% to 30% of our annual revenue.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford & Bernstein: You mentioned Jack Morton was a factor for Europe a couple times. Was any of that related to the Euro World Cup and is that when you kind of identified UK contracts?
Michael I. Roth & Frank Mergenthaler: No, it was not.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford & Bernstein: And is Jack Morton your mind considered project based work or should we think of it as more recurring business?
Michael I. Roth: Its more or less project related but were looking at the model and trying to get it more as a recurring business. So thats certainly one of our objectives. Theyve made good strides in their model and becoming more recurring, but certainly a good piece of it is still project based.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank Securities: All of my questions have been answered, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Benjamin Schachter - UBS.
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: Going into the quarter, I was wondering if you could talk about what your expectations were for the US. It seems slightly on a trajectory downward and I was wondering how low you think the US can go. And then separately, the UK seems very strong and anecdotally were hearing the opposite in terms of a lot of things that are going on in the macro situation in the UKs. So Im wondering how you explain how the UK has done so much better versus the continental?
Michael I. Roth: Well one of the things I had commented about the UK was the wins that Lowe had in the UK in particular with Unilever, so that is a good piece of the growth in the UK. The US is obviously a very important market for us and we watch it very carefully. A lot of the stories in terms of potential pullbacks were hearing in the US, again we havent seen major pullbacks although clearly our clients are looking much more carefully at their spend in terms of where they can get the most bang for their buck, can they get more for less, and all of that is going on in the United States. But its still all factored into our assumptions and our conclusion that were on track to achieve our overall targets.
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: But for the US your targets include organic lower than 3%?
Michael I. Roth: Its all wrapped up in the conclusion in terms of achieving our overall target. And when we say our overall organic is 4% to 5% that includes our expectations for the United States.
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: Im wondering if you have any comments on initial budgeting thoughts you have around 09 and what kind of organic growth rates you think you might be starting to think about there?
Michael I. Roth: We just went through and were in the midst of our RE for the full year and obviously at the end of it we say, All right, lets take a picture of 09, and usually the response is, Lets get through 08 before we start talking in detail about 09. So Ill use the same answer my operating guys give me.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thats tough to do until you get better visibility in the fourth quarter and that doesnt happen until we start really going through the planning process in September/October.
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: By September/October you think youll have a sense of it?
Frank Mergenthaler: Oh yes. Well be deep into planning by then, so I think everyones in a wait and see get through August, people get back to September and get better visibility in the fourth quarter, then well have a view on 09.
Michael I. Roth: And a lot of it is going to be a function of where the economy is in the fourth quarter. And its reasonable to wait to see that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets: On headcount, prior to this I think you basically had been talking that you had basically been maintaining headcount for the most part and shifting it into more higher growth areas and out of the slower growth areas. Does that remain the case or have you picked up at all in light of the strong performance or staying cautious on the second half?
Michael I. Roth: The bulk of the increase in the headcount comes from our acquisition of Lowe Linthas in India, so therefore generally our headcount is relatively stable if you would and were seeing ins and outs. And again its consistent with what you said and that is were heading into our headcount in those markets and disciplines that are our growth areas. So were using a relatively level headcount.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets: Regarding the investment in MCN, the timing of it. Was there anything in particular that triggered that? Maybe something in your ownership agreement or was it just simply that the time was right?
Michael I. Roth: No, weve had a long-lasting relationship with them. Theyre business is doing great. Its a market when we do our strategic planning thats certainly an area we want to grow in, so we felt it best to have discussions about it. And they were very receptive to it and it was mutually agreed upon obviously and we were both pretty excited about it.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets: One for Frank here. With the new credit facility rolled out here at only $335 million of potential liquidity, is there anything thats not a huge amount with the elf obviously still sitting there, should we expect anything else before the elf matures or is this sort of in preparation for that and more moves to come next year?
Frank Mergenthaler: The $750 million of liquidity the ELF provides were confident we dont need that much liquidity. So if theres an opportunity to go into the credit market to expand the $335 million facility, well look at it. But were comfortable where we are today and well be opportunistic but we feel very pleased we got this transaction done in a very difficult bank market and were very pleased that our bank groups stepped up and executed the deal.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Jonathan Cohen].
[Jonathan Cohen]: Where do you see your leverage ratio ending up at year end? And the second question is, Moodys put out a very positive note with regard to IPGs credit just a few days ago. When are you guys going back into S&P? It seem like theyre quite [inaudible] here?
Frank Mergenthaler: On a leverage ratio Jonathan I dont have a projected number in front of me, so we can circle back with you with Jerry. On S&P we meet with all of the agencies regularly. Were very transparent with them. I think we have a good relationship with them. We would love to see our rating improve at a more accelerated rate given the turnaround and what weve done from a financial perspective over the last eight to 10 quarters, and well continue to meet with them. But we cant control their own internal processes.
Michael I. Roth: The rating agencies right now are a little gun shy and theyre a lot quicker to take down than bring up. So its a little frustrating when you put in the kind of results and our balance sheet the improvements that weve seen, but well keep working at it but theyre more interested on the downside than the upside these days.
[Jonathan Cohen]: Any plans to physically go into S&P before the year end?
Frank Mergenthaler: Well, we talk to them every quarter. They come here; we go there; we do it via phone; well meet with them whenever theyd like.
Michael I. Roth: Before we even do a debt deal you have to talk to the rating agencies and get their views.
Frank Mergenthaler: We give them briefings on quarters before we go public so again I think were doing everything we can to show them transparency and were anxiously waiting for them to move our rating up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Whitaker.
Ian Whitaker: Most of mine have been answered, but one remaining question actually. As you alluded to, weve seen some companies actually report some very good growth in terms of advertising in the market but I guess one of the cynical points is always thrown back is with [inaudible] actually going into price promotion and also as well into in-store activity. I just wondered what your view is? When you talk to the advertisers, has there been a shift in terms of more of an emphasis on brand building and therefore spending on traditional advertising or do you feel that when they actually increase their market budget most of the increase is actually going to these in-store promotions?
Michael I. Roth: I think we said at the beginning weve seen an increase in activation, weve seen an increase in our marketing services, and that I think is going to continue to trend upwards. Were pleased with some of the brand building opportunities we have as well. So again I think the larger multinational companies look at this as an opportunity and they also realize that this is not the time to pull back in terms of brand building. Because when theres no, Ill say this as an advertising guy, you spend more and you get a return on your investment in terms of your spend. So our challenge is to make sure that were moving the needle and we have the tools and ability to move it and prove that we are. As long as we continue to do that I think youre going to continue to see the spend.
Ian Whitaker: Just to clarify, what I meant in terms of the spend was things for example such as 3 for 2 price promotions. The cynical view is in terms of where the advertisers are shifting their spend to, its more to that line when they increase the marketing budgets, but Im just wondering whether or not youre seeing that in your conversations with the advertisers?
Michael I. Roth: I think its all over the lot so I cant comment particularly with any particular promotion thats out there.
Frank Mergenthaler: But activation is definitely up right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Berg - Post Advisory Group.
Andrew Berg - Post Advisory Group: Going back to the comments on working capital, obviously working capital was a great benefit this quarter. You guys cautioned us not to look too much into one quarters results, but as we think about it this quarter as we roll into the next quarters period, how should we think about what may play out in terms of shifts from second or third quarter and how big a potential use working capital might be in the third quarter given how big a benefit it was in the second?
Frank Mergenthaler: Andrew, its tough to comment on that. What weve said is that we will be cash flow positive from an operating perspective this year for the first time in a while. We continue to believe in that. Theres a lot of volatility in our model in working capital. Weve made it a focus for the past 18 months. Our operators are now aggressively managing their balance sheets, both payables and receivables, so we expect to see continued improvement of working capital management for 08 versus 07.
Andrew Berg - Post Advisory Group: And as we think about where you are today in terms of your receivables DSO or your payables, you guys in this quarter did a fantastic job. Historically weve seen it back up a little bit in the second quarter. I presume we should be working off of todays levels for any sort of traditional softness we see Q2 to Q3 and we shouldnt think that youd revert back to third quarter levels of last year then?
Frank Mergenthaler: Again, difficult for me to comment on because we dont spend too much time focusing where our quarter end working capital is. Were more focused on improving our processes to ensure we can squeeze as much cash out of working capital in our balance sheet as possible. Where we are seeing a real positive effect is on the tax side. Weve been able to utilize about $200 million in 07 of our net operating losses, which was cash flow positive of roughly generated about $60 million in cash. If we continue to deliver what weve indicated with respect to this year, wed expect that number to close to double. So were starting to get at some of these tax assets that are on our balance sheet and fully provided for and its translating into real cash generation on the tax front.
Operator: Our next question comes from Catriona Fallon - Citigroup.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup: Actually you were touching on my question which was around the NOLs. So you used about $200 million last year. Does that mean you still have about $1.5 billion left NOLs?
Frank Mergenthaler: No, we actually have $1.8 billion left.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup: And $1.5 billion overseas?
Frank Mergenthaler: No. We dont just break that out Catriona, but the majority is overseas but its not that heavily weighted.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup: And you expect to use about $400 million of that this year?
Frank Mergenthaler: No, I think if we deliver our plan, its more like $300 million and with it would be a tax effect added, its roughly $100 million of cash coverage.
Michael I. Roth: We cant take benefit obviously until we use it. And thats obviously a key component of our planning.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup: Has anything changed with the billing methodology or pricing that youve been able to get out of clients? Is there anything that youre doing different in your processes that maybe are making you able to charge for more of the services that youre performing for clients? I guess Im asking about efficiency and whether youre able to get paid for all the work that youre doing?
Michael I. Roth: I think weve touched on this before. As we developed our financial controls and our transparency with our clients and look closely at our contracts, weve had the ability to better analyze the contracts and get paid for the work that were doing. So I think yes, the answer to that is we are in a stronger position in terms of dealing with our clients and the work thats being performed. And in the old days it was more difficult for us to do that so I think the improvements weve made in financial controls as well as the analyses of our profitability by our clients has enabled us to improve on that issue.
Frank Mergenthaler: And weve made some fairly substantial investments behind systems and process improvements and were sharing best practices and processes amongst our networks, so this was an area that we called out a number of years ago as one of the largest opportunities for us to improve margins. It was the amount of leakage that our lack of visibility into our client relationships was causing. And were not there yet, but we continue to improve on it quarter to quarter.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup: I know thereve been questions about seasonality, but do you see anything different about the seasonality this year? I mean, typically Q3 comes down from a revenue perspective sequentially and Im wondering if theres anything different this year with what youre seeing with the current trend from Q2, the Olympics going into Q3, and then what you might expect for Q4?
Michael I. Roth: Wed expect seasonality trends to be consistent.
Operator: Our last question comes from Leo Schmidt - The CHUBB Corporation.
Leo Schmidt - The CHUBB Corporation: The first question has to do with looking at the last time we had a major economic slowdown and looking at todays environment, I guess that would be 2001 and going into the summer of 2001. As you look back over those periods, can you draw any compare and contrast whats different then and whats different now? I know its a much different business for you; you have a lot more control. That was an advertising bubble blowing up; this is not. This has consumer housing kind of slowing down so the consumers in a much different place. But as you look out and as you kind of look and hear your clients talk to you, what is different that you think is happening now than then? And then my second question is, could you talk about your payables in your cash flow? Is that from your incentive comp going up or could you give us a little more flavor of the payable versus receivable there?
Michael I. Roth: Ill let Frank talk about the payables. As far as the difference in the economic slowdown, clearly the dot com environment was a lot different than it is today. When that bubble burst, we had a lot of our clients just spending money as a result of the influx from the dot com boom. We dont have that today so that is probably the most significant difference from it. The other is the more global aspect of our business as well as the integrated offering in the different marketing services and offerings that we have as a company. I think the company today is very well diversified in terms of our offerings and I think thats what I was alluding to before when I was talking about the model. And that is, with the various different services we have to help our clients get the message out there and the various tools and research we have, I think it lends itself to the confidence that the clients have and the ability to spend and get a return for it. So I think thats a difference. A downturn is a downturn and its not pretty when it really happens, but I think were better suited to deal with it than we were back then and we also have the financial transparency into our businesses that is a lot different now than we did before.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the working capital front, 1/1/07 we began to incent our agency financial teams to more aggressively manage their balance sheets. So with respect to AR collection and managing DSOs, were seeing a noticeable improvement. And on the payable side, one of the things that we ensure right now is the processes have improved that were never out any money. So our match pay processes have been dramatically improved and again I think youre seeing that now is coming through in the improvement in our working capital management.
Michael I. Roth: I want to thank you all for your support and participation and look forward to our next call. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerry Leshne - Senior VP of IR Michael Roth - Chairman, CEO and President Frank Mergenthaler - EVP and CFO
Analysts: John Janedis - Wachovia Securities Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers Troy Mastin - William Blair and Company  Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns Lucas Binder - UBS Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein Barton Crockett - JPMorgan Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets Catriona Fallon - Citi Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Interpublic First Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. (Operator Instructions). This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, Interpublic.com, and we'll refer to both in the course of this call. This morning we are joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A, and we plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company, which are subject to uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation, and further details in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC. At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry and thank you all for joining us this morning, as we review our first quarter results. As usual, I'll begin by covering some of the highlights of our performance, and Frank will then take us through the results in detail. After his remarks, I'll return with closing comments, before we move on to Q&A. Our performance for the quarter was strong, fueled by continued progress in many areas of our business. Organic revenue growth of 5.1% and we are beginning to see a broader cross section of our companies contribute to our results on this key growth key metric. Operating margin also improved significantly, which demonstrates that the tools and the people we have been putting in place across the organization are leading to more effective cost controls. As a result of our continued improvement on both the top line and in our ability to drive profitability, we narrowed the seasonal first quarter operating loss from $124 million in 2007 to $58 million this year. The loss applicable to common shareholders declined by about half, from $0.29 per share in last years' Q1 to $0.15 this past quarter. In terms of the organic growth result, there are a number of things that bears mentioning. Performance is improving across our portfolio and at our operations outside of the United States. The drivers of domestic organic revenue growth were McCann and the CMG Companies, as well as our U.S. independence. Our media agencies Lowe and Draftfcb all contributed to improved performance in key regions, such as Europe, Asia and Latin America.  On our year-end call, back in February, we mentioned that the tone of the business was solid, and that continues to be the case. On that call, we listed some of the wins from the first half of the first quarter, such as Magnum Ice Cream and China Mobile at Lowe, as well at Hyundai/Kia and Cadbury Schweppes in Initiative. We have seen a steady stream of additional activity since then with McCann, MRM and Universal McCann jointly winning Cadillac and Dodge business in China, while Draftfcb picked up the Chevrolet business in the UK and a number of the Kraft food assignments in the international markets.  Deutsch won Dr. Pepper, which was a high profile pitch, as was McCann's Staples win in the UK. More recently we are seeing a significant expansion of our relationship with Nokia, which uses a full range of IPG agencies across the marketing discipline. And the Knorr win last week adds an important global brand to Lowe's growing list to Unilever assignments. Of course, it goes without saying that clients remain cautious due to the broader economic concerns. To date, we are not seeing signs of a pull back, but we continued to monitor situation closely, so as to be able to respond quickly should the need arise.  Our progress in terms of financial systems and talent has given us better visibility into the organization, and gives us confidence that we have the right tools with which to manage our business. As we built these tools and disciplines, we've also seen a significant improvement in profitability, quarter-to-quarter going back to 2006. As always, Frank will provide an in-depth review of our results. Before I turn it over to him, however, there is one item in which I would like to comment.  If you have taken a look at our press release this morning, you will see that we have recognized the provision of $12 million related to the SEC investigation of our past restatements. We now have enough of a basis to make this estimate of monetary liability in connection with this matter, and we'd like to update you on the situation as it currently stands. We are in advanced settlement discussions with the SEC staff. Although we cannot at this time predict with certainty the outcomes of these negotiations or details, the nature of the commission's allegations, we believe that they will concern issues from past periods that we have previously disclosed.  As you know, we have devoted considerable resource to replacing staff in the relevant areas of our business. We do not expect that we will need to take any further action as a result of the complaint. We also expect that the Commission will be in a position to make an announcement shortly, regarding the resolution of the serious matter. At that time, we will have a more detailed public statement. As you can appreciate, this puts us in an awkward position this morning, but there is no additional information we can share with you at this time. I would, however, add it will be significant for us to finally put this issue behind us, so that we can continue to focus on growing our business.  At this point I would like to turn things over to Frank for the
Frank Mergenthaler: Thanks, Michael. Good morning, everyone. Let me remind everyone that the presentation slides which accompany remarks are available on our website. As Michael indicated in his comments, we are very pleased with the first quarter results and believe they represent a strong start to the year. Among highlights in the quarter, consolidated organic revenue growth was 5.1%, reflecting increased spending by existing clients and balanced geographic growth. We had significantly improved expense leverage from salaries and related expense. Improvement was driven by base salaries and benefits, where we had 100 basis points incremental leverage as a percentage of revenue.  Office and general expense decreased from a year ago, which along with our revenue performance, translates into 440 basis points of improvement as a percent of revenue. Michael mentioned the very positive results these factors had in cutting our first quarter operating loss by more than a half. Our Q1 operating margin improved by over 500 basis points. You'll recall that our full year target for margin growth is in the range of 300 basis points, so the year is clearly off to a solid start.  Turning to Slide 3, our P&L for the first quarter, I'll cover revenue and operating expense trends shortly. As Michael mentioned, we accrued $12 million for potential settlement relating to ongoing SEC investigation is a component of other expense. Moving ahead on Slide 4, we provide additional detail and revenue. Reported revenue in the quarter was $1.49 billion, an increase of 9.3%. Compared to Q1 '07, exchange rates had a positive impact of 3.8%, while net business acquisitions added 0.3%. The result was organic revenue growth of 5.1% driven by both higher revenue from existing clients and revenue from net new business wins.  On the bottom half of the slide, you can see our revenue growth by segment. At our Integrated Agency Networks, reported revenue grew 9.7%, while organic revenue growth was 4.6%. Growth was solid across the board led by advertising, digital and activation disciplines as well as media. At our CMG segment, revenue grew 7.1%; organic revenue growth was 7.7%, with continuing strong performance in public relations as well as event and sports marketing. Slide 5 provides a breakdown of Q1 revenue growth by region. In the US, revenue increased 5.2% organically. As Michael mentioned, we had growth across our full range of advertising and marketing disciplines, as well as from most major client industry groups. This was led by McCann, Deutsch and Hill Holliday. Internationally, reported revenue growth was 15% with a strong currency tailwind. Organic revenue growth was 5%. In the UK, organic revenue growth was 3.7% led by McCann, our media agencies and our event business, primarily attributable to new client wins. In continental Europe, organic growth was 3.6%, led by our media businesses in Lowe, which had higher spending from existing clients. In Asia Pac, Q1 organic revenue growth was 12%. We continued to have strong growth in China and India, with increased client spending and new business wins across three global agency networks. Results in Japan continued to reflect a more challenging economic environment. In Latin America, organic revenue growth was 7%, also led by Lowe and Draftfcb. On Slide 6, we present a longer view of organic revenue growth presented on trailing 12-month basis. This chart effectively demonstrates the trajectory of our business and underscores what Michael mentioned about not focusing excessively on any individual quarter. As you can see, organic revenue growth is trending well. Over the last 12 months, this key measure of vitality was 4.6%. On Slide 7, we move on to a closer look at operating expenses. Salaries and related expense were $1.06 billion in the quarter, 71.7% of revenue, compared with 72.8% of revenue a year ago and improvement of 110 basis points.  As you will see in the appendix to our presentation slides, leverage on base salaries and benefits improved 100 basis points and was the largest driver of our improvement. At the same time, temporary help also declined by 30 bases points as a percent of revenue. Even as we become more efficient, we continue to invest behind revenue growth in strategic critical services and in high growth regions of the world. Headcount at quarter end was approximately 43,100, net increase of approximately 1,100 from a year ago, which chiefly reflects our acquisition of Lintas in India in Q2 '07, as well as growth in China and a global investment client Digital Marketing Services and Media.  Office and general expenses on the lower half of this slide were $470 million (sic -- see Press Release) in the first quarter compared with $495 million a year ago, a decrease of 4. 1% as reported and a decrease of 6.7% organically. Importantly, O&G expenses were 32% of Q1 revenue, compared with 36.4% a year ago. All major cost categories in O&G decreased as a percentage of revenue. The key drivers included lower professional fees and improved leverage and occupancy expense, as a result of ongoing operating disciplines and cost actions taken in 2007. On Slide 8, we show our operating margin on a trailing 12-month basis. This excludes restructuring and impairment charges in order to capture the trend in underlying results. As was the case with organic revenue growth, this chart shows significant and consistent progress. As you can see, operating margins over the last 12 months was 6.6%. On Slide 9, we turn to cash flow for the first quarter. As you know, Q1 is typically a cash-out quarter due to the seasonality in both revenue and working capital, while we saw the seasonal cash increase in Q4.  For the quarter, cash used in operation was $288 million, compared with the use of $383 million in Q1 '07. This significant improvement was due to our decrease net loss in our lower use of cash and working capital. Seasonal use of cash working capital is $241 million, compared to $283 million a year ago. D&A in Q1 was a total of $70 million. Depreciation was $43 million. Amortization of restricted stock and non-cash compensation was $20 million, while amortization and interest expense was $7 million.  In the investing activity section, we used approximately $47 million in the quarter. Our financing activities in Q1 included, as previously disclosed, the put of $191 million of our 4.5% convertible debt, which was repurchased from cash on hand. This activity retired $15.4 million [indebted] dilutive share equivalents as well. In total, seasonal cash use in the quarter was $525 million, which is approximately $100 million better than a year ago, excluding the impact of our debt repurchase. On Slide 10, we present the current portion of our balance sheet as of March 31 in '08 and '07. and December 31st. We ended Q1 with $1.5 billion in cash and short-term marketable securities, approximately the same level as a year ago. Our debt maturity schedule as of quarter-end is presented on Slide 11. Total debt at quarter end was $2.1 billion, a decrease of approximately $200 million from both a year ago and year-end 2007 due to our debt repurchase. With our stronger cash generation net debt declined $200 million, as well from the seasonally comparable level a year ago.  In summary, on Slide 12, we turned in our best Q1 performance in many years. With that said, we remain cautiously optimistic about our business given macroeconomic pressures. As Michael indicated the tone of our business has remained sound, and actual client spending levels, broadly speaking are in line with our expectations for this point in the year. As important, we continue to leverage improved talent and tools for better financial visibility and control. As a result, our operations are increasingly disciplined and able to drive significant improvement as evident in the results, where -- which we are showing you today. Our Q1 tells us that the year-end turn around is on track.  Now, I'll hand the call back to Michael.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. As you can see, our performance in the first quarter represents a good start to the year. Growth was balanced from existing and new clients across the marketing disciplines. We continue to see demand for digital, marketing services, integrated solutions and high-value strategic thinking and advertising and media, as well as strong capabilities in the emerging economies. While these are challenging times, the disruptive changes that are affecting media and marketing, represent an opportunity for us to help clients as they look to engage with their customers in an increasingly complex consumer landscape. We have mentioned previously that every one of our agencies is adapting to this new reality.  We are successfully integrating digital capabilities and know-how across the operating units, so that the growth in both the IAN and CMG segments reflects increased strength in emerging media. We will keep investing, primarily in talent and professional development to capitalize on the digital marketing opportunity, and we believe that as a result of this, our offerings are increasingly competitive across the board. On past calls, we said that the growth at McCann World Group and CMG is due to the actions taken to strengthen talent and build new services at those units during 2005 and 2006. We have also discussed the strength of our integrated US Independence. And the modern agency model we introduced the Draftfcb, which posted solid third quarter performance. This quarter it is gratifying to tell you that Lowe's results contributed to our improved margins and to see the agency so active and successful on the new business front. It also bears mention our media agencies which saw a dramatic turnaround in 2007 continued to show very good progress in the first quarter. The alignment strategy we introduced in late 2006 is paying dividends with clients and the task force that we put in place late last year to drive synergies is further improving performance at all our media agencies. To build on this momentum, we must stay focused on seeing to it that our units execute against their operating plans. We have to stay close to our clients and be responsive to their needs. We will also continue to be open to strategic opportunities that enhance against our offerings, particular in the digital area and in high-growth markets. And like every type of business at this juncture, we'll continue to monitor the broader economic situation closely.  We have consistently -- consistently said as we move through the turnaround, our progress will not be linear. We continue to caution you against using a single quarter to extrapolate future performance. Nonetheless, we are pleased with the results we have shared with you today. Continued progress in organic growth and in cost control is driving significant improvement in our margins. The quarter's performance is further evidenced that we have IPG on the right track, and we remain on track to deliver on a stated financial targets for 2008 and to achieve our ultimate goal of enhancing long-term shareholder value. I thank you.  And now, we'll open up the
Operator:  Thank you. At this time we are ready for the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first, Mr. John Janedis of Wachovia. Your line is open.
John Janedis - Wachovia Securities: Hi, thank you. Good morning, guys. Frank, you mentioned growth in the UK. But, I think you've also have historically talked about challenges in the market. Can you give us some specifics on market dynamics? Are you seeing macro-improvement there or is it most assured gains or were there some one-time projects?
Frank Mergenthaler: As we have called out in previous quarters, we've made a number of management changes in the UK, and I think what we're seeing now is just that management take hold. And, when you look at other parts of Europe and other markets that we called out, that's been challenged is France, and France actually had a relatively strong quarter. So, I think that changes we have made in management across Europe seem to be taking hold and that's what yielding the improved performance.
John Janedis - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Great, thanks. One quick follow-up just on Lowe, Michael.
Michael Roth: Yes.
John Janedis - Wachovia Securities: You mentioned the Knorr account and some other details there. Are they on plan for the year at this point? And, from a headcount perspective, are you positioned the way you want to be in the US?
Michael Roth: Well, first of all with respect to Lowe, they are on plan, and it's very encouraging to see them with the recent business wins. As we indicated, we were looking for Lowe this year to turn profitable, and we are online to do that. As far as headcount, I think as we said before what we continue to do is look to upgrade our talent, particularly in the digital and public relations and growth areas. So, what we'll see is we'll continue to be opportunistic in the marketplace to enhance those offerings.
John Janedis - Wachovia Securities: Thank you very much.
Michael Roth: Thank you. Operator  Our next question; Craig Huber from Lehman Brothers. Your line is open.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Yes, good morning. You clearly made a lot of progress on the top line and costs in this quarter. Can you give us a little more of an update on your margin target goal for your end 8.5% or 9% for the full year? How are you tracking towards that, and how you feel organic growth for the rest of the year and also expenses, the two main categories? Thanks.
Michael Roth: I'll let Frank talk about the expenses. But we continue to be on track to achieve our 8.5% to 9% target. Obviously, this first quarter was important for us to get off to a good start. I think our revenue -- organic revenue of 5.1% is certainly consistent with our target. And, if you look at our improvement in terms of costs and margins so far we are continuing on track to achieve that goal.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the cost side, Craig, as you know our key expense metric is our staff cost ratio. When you look across all of our businesses in the first quarter, everybody made progress against their operating plan with respect to improving those ratios and improving off the year. So we are pleased with where we are coming out of the first quarter. And the other -- on the O&G-side same thing. I think we were pleased with the results we saw in the quart and continue to reiterate where we believe we'll land on margins for the year.
Michael Roth: One of the things all of our units that all our units are doing is given everyone's concerns about the economic environment, we are not spending to the higher numbers. In other words, instead of spending dollars in anticipation of a lot of new business wins, if you will, we are being much more cautious in terms of adding to it. So that, I think you are seeing the result of that in the first quarter in the improvements in our salary ratios. And I think that's the wise thing for us to do now, because there is that uncertainty out there, and we just have to monitor that very closely.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Concerning cost for the rest of the year, do you think you will be able to keep these improvements -- these gains if you found the cost for the rest of the year, although relative to your revenues?
Frank Mergenthaler: We put out there our margin target for the year, and contributing to that margin target are three variables, revenues, improvement and our staff cost improvement, and O&G. I think the controls we put in place and the visibility we have to our business in respect to the cost lines has the entire organization pretty maniacally focused on managing their costs.
Michael Roth: I means, this obviously as we said before, Craig is a crucial year for us in the turnaround. And all of our business units when we have our operating reviews with them, the primary focus is how we're going to achieve those margin targets and, whether it be revenue or cost control, they have to put together their plans to show that's what they're going to accomplish.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Finally if I could, when would you give more further consideration to do a significant share buy back given the progress you guys are making on the top and bottom line?
Michael Roth: That's why I said this year was an important year for us. We said we had a three-year turnaround plan. 2008 will be the completion of that turn around period if you will. And I think, once we achieve our targets and we continue to strengthen our balance sheet the way we have and be in a very conservative position on our balance sheet, then we will seriously entertain those issues.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thank you.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: You're welcome. 
Operator: Our next question; Troy Mastin of William Blair and Co. Your line is open.
Troy Mastin - William Blair and Company: Morning, thank you. First, I want to ask if there are any significant items that may impact the seasonality of either revenue growth or profitability for the remainder of 2008 as compared to 2007 that you would like to call out?
Frank Mergenthaler: No, I think the seasonality trend should be relatively consistent, Troy.
Troy Mastin - William Blair and Company: Okay, good. And then with organic growth at 5.1% in the quarter, 4.6% on a trailing basis, I would define this as fairly close to pure levels. Looking forward a little bit, may be a tougher environment, is it reasonable to expect relative stability in organic growth over the several quarters, of course not focusing too much on individual quarter?
Michael Roth: We said in our prior calls competitive revenue growth, we fixed it 4% to 5%. And, when we say we are sticking to our targets with respect to 8.5%; that is consistent with that. And obviously the trade-off there is, if we see any softness in those numbers we have to focus on the cost side. So, I think, when we say we are on track, it's consistent with both those items.
Troy Mastin - William Blair and Company: Okay, good. Maybe I'm getting ahead of myself here. But thinking beyond your targets for 2008 as it relates to margins, I'm curious if you have done much work on the margin side to determine if you can get near peer level margins in the next few years? And given differences in accounting among some of your peers, I'm wondering if you could define for us what peer level margins might be?
Michael Roth: We had indicated there is no structural region why we can't be competitive with respect to the margins, and that's what we have been driving towards. Clearly, somewhere in the low teens in margin numbers are where we think we can get to. The timing of that obviously is a function of the economy and things like that. But there is no reason structurally why we can't be in those levels whether it be 13% to 14% margin.
Frank Mergenthaler: And, we've stated, Troy, throughout this turn around, our ultimate objective is to be competitive on growth and margins, not to just achieve our '08 targets.
Troy Mastin - William Blair and Company: Okay, good. And then give us a quick update on M&A, given all the credit market issues out there, private equity, so forth activity. How you see the M&A markets today, if you think you'll get more active, if targets look more attractively valued and so forth?
Michael Roth: We havent seen any major pull backs in price levels in terms of the areas that everyone is interested in, particularly in the digital space and obviously growth and China. We indicated a capital plan of about $150 million, and we will be consistent with that, and obviously, what we said is we are looking for strategic acquisitions, none of which are large in size, but could add to our portfolio. And those areas in particular will it be digital and hopefully in the China and emerging market environment. We added significantly to our portfolio in India this past year. So we are on track in terms of adding to our portfolio of companies. But, I think it's rough out there from a capital point of view and fortunately, and I know your questions are going to be about the ELF. Other than looking at the ELF transaction, there isn't a huge need for us on the capital side.
Troy Mastin - William Blair and Company: Okay. Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question; Alexia Quadrani, Bear Stearns. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Thank you. Just a couple questions. First, on the relatively larger you lost last summer and the accounts that moved around, can you give us a sense of how much that may have impacted the revenue in the quarter, and when you think we'll cycle through those headwinds?
Michael Roth: We don't about the specific numbers. But I think given the performance in the first quarter, we are on track to replace whatever client losses we had in 2008.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Would it be fair to say that you did counter those headwinds in the quarter, I mean those revenues --.
Michael Roth: I would say the answer to that is yes, Alexia.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Okay. Any notable trends on how the quarter progressed? I mean it was pretty steady throughout the quarter in terms of organic revenue growth?
Michael Roth: Yes, absolutely. And, as I indicated, we don't see any major pull backs. So, like everyone else, we are cautious. But, we haven't seen it.
Frank Mergenthaler: I mean we saw, Alexia, a strong quarter from existing clients across all major sectors for the most part, and we saw net new business coming on stream and it was pretty evenly weighted throughout the quarter.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: And with your much improved financial controls now, would you give us a sense of what sort of visibility you may have in terms of organic revenues?
Frank Mergenthaler: I think quite frankly, we are already in the first update for the year, and our teams are all coming back in, and the level of analysis and visibility they have is dramatically improved. So I think the big question out there, is not visibility into our existing clients or net new business coming on stream, I think the big question is just how the macroeconomic pressures impact our relative clients. And the only way you are going to get visibility to that is just keep talking to your clients.
Michael Roth: We are visiting with clients, we're visiting with our agencies, and we speak to the agency heads all the time to get a sense of what they view and what they are hearing in the marketplace. So when we indicated to you that we are keeping to our targets for 2008, all of those are factored into that conclusion.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: And, I guess Frank, given the comments you guys have made about the macro environment, which is somewhat obvious, would you say that you've seen more involvement in procurement or more pricing pressure lately? Or really no real change?
Frank Mergenthaler: I think that it is a competitive world out there, Alexia. I don't think we've seen a noticeably ratchet up of procurement and pricing, but it's a competitive work
Michael Roth: I think there is no question going in; clients are wanting the same for less as anybody would do in a difficult environment. But given the financial controls now and the contract analysis and being paid for special work and the visibility into what we are doing, we have all the ammunition, if you will, to sit down with our clients and show the value added that we are performing and how we should get compensated. So that's what's going on there is no question that procurement has a very important role to play in terms of fees going forward. And on the other side of it, we now have a lot more ammunition from a financial perspective to sit down with them. And, frankly, we are in a stronger position from a financial point of view to look at clients in the eye and saying we are performing services and we should be paid for it. In the early stages of this turnaround, as we indicated, it was little more difficult for us to push back because we were so sensitive to what was happening in the marketplace. So, I think the fact we are progressing through this turnaround has a domino effect in terms of all of our relationships as we do with our clients.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: And just one last one. Europe in the quarter, was it profitable?
Frank Mergenthaler: We don't disclose profitability by region, just revenue. But, I think we are seeing improvements in overall performance in Europe.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thank you very much.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question; Lucas Binder of UBS. Your line is open.
Lucas Binder - UBS: Thank you very much. A couple of quick questions for you then. Michael, I think you mentioned the ELF, and just looking at your balance sheet, can you talk about what the timing is for refinancing the ELF and what the opportunities you see. And then when you look out through 8, 9 and 10, $500 or $600 million of face debt that's coming due, would you use cash on hand to retire that? Would you look to refinance, given how the market is right now?
Michael Roth: Well, obviously, the market is pretty tight right now. But the one thing we've always done is we have been very proactive in the marketplace, and we are in dialog right now to see what we can do with respect to the ELF in 2009. Obviously, our goal would be to put together some type of arrangement, which can effectively replace the ELF, if you would. And those are the discussions that we are having. I think the size of the ELF, given our financial performance, is a little bit larger than we may need, but all of that will be factored into what is available out there. The fact we paid off our put if you will from cash on hand, I think is a statement with respect to the improvements that we are making in our overall financial position. And, as we indicated in the past, we were very conservative on our balance sheet, given the fact that we were in a turnaround and then the capital markets were operating with the way they have. And the fact that we were able to pay that from cash on hand proves to be a very prudent thing for us to have done. So, we will continue to look at that. Ultimately, I think the conservative nature of our balance sheet would do us well until this capital market frees up.
Lucas Binder - UBS: Thank you. And one follow-up on digital. With regard to the hires that you are making in the space, are you seeing massive cost inflation on the digital side, or is it much more, is it more competitive, and you are able to kind of manage how much the cost of the employees in that space are running you?
Michael Roth: There still is a premium for hiring digital people. There's not question about it. And, certainly the higher level peoples are -- peoples? The higher level people are commanding a premium in the marketplace you could see all of us chasing similar people in that environment. Our best strategic is to bring them in at a lower level and train them. So that's what we've been doing. RGA, for example, has an RGA University where they bring in talented people, and they train them. I think the other side of it is kind of interesting and that is, a lot of people are concerned about the economy. So you don't see a lot of these young people moving out? They are getting advice if you have a job and a good one, stay there? So, I think we are seeing some of that. But it's still a very competitive environment. The other aspect of it is the cost profile of our digital offerings. There is no question that the global nature of our business is requiring is to look from a cost profile in terms of how we are providing that digital content and digital work for our clients, and therefore we are looking at how we expand globally to be more efficient with respect of the cost of these different services.
Lucas Binder - UBS: Alright, thank you very much.
Frank Mergenthaler: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question Paul Ginocchio, Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Talk about first quarter net new business wins. Was it a strong quarter or weak quarter for new wins? And then as you look into the second quarter, I think you lost Wachovia, Intel Media, and I guess the Navy is now in mandatory review by the government. So, how was the second quarter looking? And, finally, third question. Looking at one of your largest clients whose has the goal to be 50% online ads (inaudible) three years, they have got obviously a number of holding company has their leading online agency in there as the digital agency record. Could you just talk about how you can hang on to fees as this big client migrates more revenue online? Thanks.
Michael Roth: Okay, I'm sorry, Paul. You were breaking up a bit. In terms of net new business for Q1, I think we've had a significant client wins across the board as I indicated in my comments. So the net new business is positive if you will. I think your question was with respect to General Motors, is that it? We've always been competing with, frankly, Digitas at General Motors, even before the Publicis acquisition of Digitas. And, we have frankly, held our own in terms of our engagement at that client, and we continue to bring -- there are different levels of digital work at General Motors.  A strong component of it, we have in-house, and we work with them on. And some of the other areas go to Digitas. That's not uncommon in the market place, and we have no difficulty competing with them in the marketplace. So we continue to refine our offering there, we continue to talk to them about our capabilities, and as usual, we'll get some of whom we want. That's the nature of our business. The important thing is that we are in a position to compete on a head-to-head basis with any digital offering that's out there.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Let me just follow up on that. Can you anyway emphasize or give an exposure to online that you're already doing for GM as a percent of your overall business?
Michael Roth: No. First of all, we wouldn't tell that you, but the second point is that it's imbedded in everything we do.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Michael Roth: And that's the whole point.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: I mean how is second quarter looking for the [new wins], quarter to date?
Frank Mergenthaler: I think it's kind of early for us to tell. We got a number of items in the items line. There aren't any big items out there in the marketplace. I think you've heard that from all of us on the calls. So I think, you know, on one hand that's good news, and that is, we don't have any big clients up for review. The other side of it is, we are working the marketplace like everyone else. And obviously the one area that we were disappointed in with the Intel Media, we do not believe that that follows that, therefore the rest of our work be creative, and the rest of our services at Intel are at risk. But, we were disappointed in that. We made the finals, and, unfortunately, we didn't prevail. Again it was not material to us from a financial point of view, but it would have been one we would have liked to have held on to. Other than that, we don't see any, we don't have any big clients under review and frankly the big engagements up for review out there were in and we are waiting to see the outcome.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Thanks very much.
Frank Mergenthaler: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question; Michael Nathanson of Sanford Bernstein. Your line is open.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. I have a question for Michael and one for Frank. Michael, I know you guys have said this for awhile about getting your margins up to peer levels. But, some of our peers have different mixes, right? You have a very profitable media buying businesses; others have exposure to marketing services that's above yours. When you go back historically before the problem is even hit IPG, your margins always below peers. So, I wondered why now do you think the gap will close given the mixed shift and also historical gap in profitability.
Michael Roth: I think it's a fair question. There is no question our media offering as for a period of time, given the issues we had with media, had put us at a disadvantage with respect to the other holding companies. Certainly, their media offerings are larger. What's interesting is now with our new offerings with Nick Brian and Richard Bevins and the new people we have added to our media offering, we are much more competitive both from a buying and planning point of view. Our win at J&J, the Hyundai/Kia, Cadbury Schweppes. Some work we've done with Sony, we continue to work with them. All of these clients it is very competitive, but there is no question we have a competitive offering in the marketplace. And that's the first item that indicates to me that we therefore are cautiously optimistic about our ability to increase our margins, even in those areas.  The other side of that is, the media business on the buying side is certainly becoming much more commoditized, and therefore the margins that are inherent in that business are not what they used to be. So, the opportunities there are more in the planning, which is why we've repositioned to be closer aligned with the networks if you will. So that when our clients are looking to us to provide integrated answers to what they are looking for, we have everyone sitting at the table and frankly, that's where the opportunities are. Couple that with the fact that our integrated offerings on a global basis from the World Group and Lowe and Draftfcb are highly competitive in the marketplace. You put that all together with the cost controls and the revenue growth that we're talking about, that's how we see it.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And then for Frank, congrats if in case the SEC is behind you. But can you remind me again if how much you would save in current professional fees if the SEC issues are resolved? How much would drop out?
Frank Mergenthaler: Michael, most of the specific fees are in legal fees now. The cost to remediate control weaknesses become Sarbanes-Oxley compliant. We have incurred those, and we are seeing the benefit of achieving those milestones in the reduction of fees over the past three years. The costs -- the burn rate is still going on with the SEC is purely specific legal fees. While they are meaningful dollars to us, they are not material to financial performance.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks.
Frank Mergenthaler: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question Barton Crockett of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Barton Crockett - JPMorgan: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to get a little bit more color on your view of how you get to these longer term double digit margin goal. And if we were to assume let's say an environment like today, assume not a recession, just something like what you see now. Is it that you keep headcount flattish and revenue growth kind of gets you there? Or is there another kind of [truant] of headcount reduction that you think you need to get through in order to get your long-term margin goal?
Frank Mergenthaler: Barton, when you look at the portfolio of assets that are public, we have a number of assets that are already at those performance levels. So, there is not a silver bullet answer. It's is getting those assets that aren't perform up to the comps within best of class within the portfolio. The way you do that is you give them tools, you put in disciplines, you get the right people in place, you leverage some of the best in class thinking that goes on at sister agencies. You share business practices. I think all those things are contributing to the one shark we show in the deck, is the progress we have made quarter-on-quarter on trailing 12 months on margin improvement. And we expect that trend to continue.
Michael Roth: The other factor here is, as Frank indicated, a number of our agencies are already there. We indicated that when we first started this turnaround that it was important for us to show improvement on media and Lowe and, frankly, in Draft New York as a result of a large client loss last year. Those three components, in and of themselves, when they get back to more competitive margins and things like that will add to that overall. So, when you take media, Lowe and Draftfcb,and add it to the agencies already there, that is how we get
Barton Crockett - JPMorgan: Okay, great. I'll leave it there. Thanks a lot.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question Dan Salmon of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thanks for taking the call. My question's mostly with regards to mixed shift both in client spending and on your cost side. I think in one of your earlier answers you covered the hiring dynamics pretty much in detail. But in terms of the budgets with clients, moving beyond strengthened digital as a broad bullet point, can you shed some light on the techniques and channels that are getting more attention, getting less attention. I know you guys have done work at the social marketing techniques longer than most. I'm wondering how the emerging techniques are being reacted to here as economic uncertainty and caution sets in with some of the budgets. Thank
Michael Roth: There is no question our clients are looking to us to help them navigate through the fragmented media environment. Certainly, the work we are doing with Ansible on Mobile is an important piece of that. We are a priced media and the work they are doing with our clients and our agency helps them navigate through the Internet. What's interesting, I just gave a talk recently. In the 1980s, early on, if you wanted to reach 80% of the market, all you had to do was run three network ads, and you reached 80% of the market. Now, you have hundreds of different media outlets that you have to be responsive to, whether it be outdoor, Internet, mobile, viral.  So what we've done is starting with, for example, the emerging media lab, where we test and focus on a lot of the new media. We have to be in a position to bring all the different opportunities to our clients, and that is what they are looking to us to be able to do, and that's why the improvements we have seen in our media offering coupled with the integrated offerings that our networks are bringing to the table, that's what clients are demanding us to bring to the table. And being able to work either whether it's the fully integrated work like McCann, World Group or Draftfcb or Lowe or parking with our other agencies as we do on a number of engagements, like Computer Associates or Nokia; that's how we have to be able to respond to the marketplace. And, yes, we are seeing a greater percentage of increase in the spend in the new media.  And we have to be able to, not only provide the resources, we have to provide the tools to analyze the impact of that, which is why the marketing account built practice, the ROI techniques that we have in all of our different units are important in terms of helping our clients allocate the spend. I mean, that's the Holy Grail of our business, and that is, you work with your client to see how they can maximize the dollars that they are spending through all these fragmented media, and that's where we are going to see wins.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. That is very helpful. Thank you.
Michael Roth: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question, Catriona Fallon of Citi. Your line is open
Catriona Fallon - Citi: Hi, good morning. There was certainly strong improvement internationally with some nice growth there. Can you speak to whether you were able to recognize some of the NOLs internationally, and when you expect that you might be able to start recognizing some of the international NOLs?
Frank Mergenthaler: Catriona, we recognize them on an annual basis. We are seeing certain market turnarounds that have a fair amount of losses attached to them. I think that we've guided people to an effective tax rate in the prior year of 55%, We probably dropped that down to something more like 50 to high 40s, and that's is primarily because certain markets now have access to some of those losses. So, again the biggest contributor is going to be improved profitability. We are starting to see it, but it's very early on to see material moves in our NOLs. 
Catriona Fallon - Citi: Okay. And then also on the acquisition front, it looks like acquisitions were a positive contributor to the quarter versus we have been kind of working through some reclassifications over the past couple of quarters. What kind of impact do you expect from acquisitions through the rest of the year? 
Michael Roth: I think the acquisitions you are referring to was the additions in India, the impact that that had where we topped off our ownership to 100% at Lowe and Draftfcb. The type of acquisitions that we are looking for in 2008, you are not going to see a significant impact on a short-term basis. These are tactical and strategic; they are not of large components. Our goal is not to be dilutive with any of these small acquisitions, but I wouldn't be looking to see a major improvement in P&L in the short-term basis as a result of that. 
Catriona Fallon - Citi: Okay and then just one quick follow-up for Frank. What else is in the other income line besides the $12 million provision for the SEC?
Frank Mergenthaler: Catriona, there is certain liabilities established as a result of our restatement as those liabilities mature due to statute limitations in certain jurisdictions. They come back through other income.
Catriona Fallon - Citi: Okay.
Frank Mergenthaler: And we disclosed I think there is a fair bit of robust disclosure in the [queue].
Catriona Fallon - Citi: Great, thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: You are welcome.
Operator: Our last question, Mr. Craig Huber of Lehman Brothers. Your line is open.
Michael Roth: Is that two questions, Craig?
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Yes, I have a follow-up if I could. Your media buying operation made a lot of progress last year on new account Windsor. Just curious was the organic revenue growth for media buying positive here in the first quarter?
Frank Mergenthaler: Our media businesses were organic, positive. Yes, Craig.
Michael Roth: Yes, it's not just buying. I think the answer to that question is --
Frank Mergenthaler: Buy and planning.
Michael Roth: Buying and planning
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Okay, same question for Lowe. Obviously, you struggled with that for many, many years. Is that term positive on the organic side?
Frank Mergenthaler: Lowe showed growth in the first quarter.
Michael Roth: Right. And incidentally Lowe in particular on the international front is --
Frank Mergenthaler: Is a contributor.
Michael Roth: Is a good contributor.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: But, overall, it was positive?
Michael Roth: Yes.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Great, thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: You're welcome.
Michael Roth: Okay. Well, I thank you all for participating. Obviously, we are quite pleased with the results for this quarter. And we look forward to hopefully, having positive calls for the rest of year. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. All lines may disconnect. Once again that concludes today's conference, all lines may disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Jerry Leshne  Senior Vice President Investor Relations Michael I. Roth  Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer Frank Mergenthaler  Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani  Bear Stearns  John Janedis  Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC Paul Ginocchio  Deutsche Bank Securities Frederick Searby  JP Morgan Troy Mastin  William Blair & Company, LLC Karl Choi  Merrill Lynch Michael Nathanson  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Craig Huber  Lehman Brothers Ms Fallon  Citigroup  
Operator:
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group fourth quarter and full year and 2007 earnings conference call. All parties are in a listen only mode until the question and answer portion. (Operators Instructions) This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now I would like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir you may begin.  
Jerry Leshne: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website www.Interpublic.com and will refer to both in the course of this call. This morning were joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A and we plan to conclude before market opens at 9:30 am eastern time.  During this call we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company which are subject to uncertainties and the cautionary statements including in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10K and other filings with the SEC. At this point it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth. 
Michael I. Roth :  Thank you all for joining us this morning as we review both the fourth quarter and full year 2007. Ill begin with an overview and some of the key take aways from our performance and then Frank will take us through the results in detail. After his remarks Ill return with some closing comments before we move on to the Q&A.  I believe that the most important headline is that in 2007 our companys financial performance was strong and consistent with our objectives. We saw a significant improvement in profitability driven by organic revenue growth and cost control. The business was cash flow positive. Net income was at the highest level weve seen in years as was EPS of $0.26 per diluted share, our best results since 2000. Organic revenue growth of 3.8% for the year demonstrates real progress in the competitiveness of our offerings. Operating margin of 5.3% compares very favorable to 2006 and is a significant improvement to the substantial losses weve posted in 2005 and prior years. We are also successful in remediating every one of the companys 18 material control weaknesses and achieving Sarbanes-Oxley compliance. These are all major accomplishments and its gratifying to see such dramatic improvement in so many facets of our business.  In terms of the organic growth results for 2007 there are a number of things that we need to be called out. First, organic revenue performance includes wins in a broad cross section of our agencies. Performance is strong or improving across our portfolio. Second, the fact that I mentioned on each of our previous 2007 quarterly calls our revenue growth would not be linear therefore its difficult to use a singles quarters results to extrapolate future performance, full growth is a better barometer of our performance. The 3.8% organic revenue growth we posted like our EPS is IPGs best since 2000 and its at the high end of the 3 to 4% range of market expectations that was in place for us going into 2007. While organic revenue performance in the fourth quarter moderated relative to very strong results in Q2 and Q3 we see no evidence of a pull back in 2008. Importantly the tone of the business to date in 2008 remains solid. This is evident in new business wins such as Unilever ice cream, Hyundai Kia and Cadbury Schweppes, China Mobile and the Cadillac account in China as well as from dialogues with our existing clients.  Of course it goes without saying that clients are cautious due to the broader economic concerns. As such they continue to evaluate the best ways to maximize the effectiveness of their marketing spend but what we are not seeing signs of a real pull back and this is true in all regions including the US where are very strong as evidenced by last years organic revenue growth in excess of 6%. So as we enter the New Year the talent weve added throughout the organization, the strategic actions weve taken during the past year and the strong 2007 financial performance gives us confidence that we are well positioned to achieve the 2008 financial objectives we shared with you back in November that is competitive revenue and an 8.5 to9% margin.  Turning to the operational side of things its clear that the Worldgroup continues as a force to be reckoned with among the global full service marketing networks that provide integrate solutions to major multi-nationals. The investment in talents that weve made in McCann, Momentum and MRM have helped take their game to the highest level. Thats also true at the companys NRCMG Group, Weber Shandwick, GolinHarris, Jack Morton, FutureBrand and Octagon which distinguished themselves this year. As in a number of our integrated US independents and Frank will have more specific on our operating unit results in his comments.  During 2007 the merger of Draft and FCB was completed with minimal client loss due to conflict. The agency rolled up its sleeves and rolled out its new model around the world which led to wins like the US Census and the defense of Quest and it positions Draft FCB for success as we enter 2008. Lowes saw further stabilization of key accounts and its high value ideals offering has begun to show signs of progress as evident in some significant recent wins and an increasingly active new business pipeline. The implementations and evolution of our aligned media strategy is going very well and contributes dramatically improved performance at both Initiative and Universal McCann in 2007. A number of our major first quarter wins have been in the media area, something we just would not have been able to do 12 to 18 months ago. Our increased focus on emerging digital media has led to a strategy that will see us imbed digital expertise across all of our portfolio companies. This includes our major global networks and US independents as well as the fast growth marketing service companies which are combing their core competencies with extensions in areas such as social networking, the creation of digital assets, targeted mobile marketing and digital analytic capabilities. As we discussed with you in our last quarterly call these initiatives require investment in people, training and technology but they are necessary to ensure that we build our organic revenue momentum a vital component of achieving our turn around. Of course we will also continue to support and develop outstanding specialist digital capabilities such as RGA and MRM, Reprise Media and [Ansable] and well keep building alliances with leading edge technology companies and thought leadership in digital marketing though the emerging media lab.  In 2007 we also took significant steps to cement our leadership position India by acquiring the remaining stakes in both Lowe Lintas and FCB Ulka. Both are outstanding agencies that weve already begun to see the benefits of these transactions in the offerings we can bring to clients across the full range of the marketing spectrum. Going forward we will remain focused on the important brick markets where investment in talent and some targeted M&A activity should help us better meet the needs of our clients and to capitalize on the higher growth rate in these emerging economies. At this point Id like to hand things over to Frank for an in depth review and I will come back to you after. 
Frank Mergenthaler :  Let me remind everyone that presentation slides and company remarks are available on our website. As Michael indicated on his comments 2007 was a strong year for us both the top and bottom line. Two years into the turnaround we can look at our accomplishments in 2007 and see clear indications were making significant progress against the challenges we faced. One of the most daunting challenges we faced was our deficient internal control environment which undermined critical operating competency as well as confidence in our results. This morning Im extremely pleased to inform you that with the filing of our 2007 10K Interpublic is complaint with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. This is a terrific achievement for our company when you reflect on where we were only a short time ago and the result of a comprehensive and detailed plan executed globally throughout all of our agencies with the active oversight by the audit committee and the board of directors. The achievement marked by SOX compliance transcends even its essential role in regulatory terms. With each passing quarter we close our books with greater efficiency and transparency which frees up key finance resources to part more effectively our operators. This will be a key driver of improved operating results going forward.  At the same time weve aggressively reduced related costs. You will recall in March 2006 we put forward the goal eliminating over $200 million in fees paid to outside financial professionals and in reducing escalated severance costs. Outside professional fees and severance, total approximately $500 million in 2005. In 2007 those same expenses had decreased a combined $250 million from our level of just two years ago. Improved growth and efficiency are integral to our ultimate goal of restoring Inner public to fully competitive financial performance. Operating margin as we have said many times is a key measure of our progress, reported operating margin for 2007 was 5.3% compared to 1.7% in 2006 and negative margin in 2005. We demonstrated improved leverage on both of our principal expense lines in 2007. Included in our operating results is $27 million of restructuring expense and approximately $25 million of onetime real estate related cost and O&G expense in the fourth quarter. Excluding these items, our operating margin for the year was approximately 6%. As such, we believe that we are entering 2008 well positioned to deliver our operating margin target.  Other key financial indicators also confirm that weve come a long way and are on the right trajectory. Diluted earnings per share of $0.31 in the fourth quarter is nearly three times the $0.11 we posted in the same period last year. Net income of $168 million for the full year is our companys first positive result since 2000. Cash flow from our operations for the year was nearly $300 million up from only $9 million only a year ago.  Now let me move on to the slide presentation. Turning to Slide Three, our P&L for the fourth quarter - Ill cover revenue and operating expense trends shortly. Here Id just like to call out two items. First, $27 million of restructuring and reorganization expenses in Q4, this is related to Lowe as we called out on our Q3 conference call, and actions taken in the continued evolution of the alignment strategy of our global media brands. Second, our tax provision was $60 million in the fourth quarter and approximately the same amount for the full year. This gives us a reported tax rate of 24% in the fourth quarter and 25% for the year. You may recall in Q2 we recognized approximately $80 million of tax benefits related to a worthless securities deduction we had taken several years ago. As a result through nine months of 2007, we reported low 12% affected tax rate on a small pre-tax loss. In Q4 profitability in certain jurisdictions was stronger than expected which caused us to increase the tax rate for the full year, and to record the provision at 24% tax rate in Q4. Cash taxes paid for the year were, $88 million compared with $111 million in 2006 and $95 million in 2005. We ended the year with $1.8 billion of gross loss carry forwards, mostly overseas, which made available for utilization is profitability improves in related jurisdictions.  Moving on to Slide Four, we will provide additional detail on revenue. Reported revenue in the quarter $1.98 billion an increase of 5.6 %. Compared to 2006 exchange rates had a positive impact of 4.4% and net business dispositions were a negative .04%. The result was organic revenue growth of 1.7% attributable to higher revenue from both existing clients and net new business wins. For full year organic revenue growth was 3.8%. While our top line growth moderated in Q4 from the two previous quarters, its worth repeating what Michael said earlier, we see no material headwinds in the quarter that we expect to carry forward in 2008. We begin to see the impact of the GMC and Buick account losses in Q4. We cycled through the tailed of some earlier domestic account losses that weighed on the results of one of our agencies. We believe that impact is largely behind us. We also had a revenue decrease with a US client that was significant in the quarter but looking ahead we expect a strong increase with that client in 2008. Outside the US, we had a challenging comp due to very strong [inaudible] growth we had in Q4 06 and in other markets our revenue accounted for a single client, whose revenue is seasonally very concentrated in Q4, also impacted growth, but in no way effected profit, Ill turn to this in a minute. Lower half of the slide shows segment performance, in Q4 the organic revenue increase was 0.8% at IAN and 6.8% at CMG. For the full year IANs organic increase was 2.9% and CMG increased 9%. In our integrated network segment we had strong growth in Q4 at the McCann World Group, Hill Holiday and Deutsche. In our CMG segment we saw strong organic growth Weber Shandwick, GolinHarris, FutureBrand and Jack Morton.  Slide Five provides regional revenue break down. In the US revenue increased 3.7% organically in Q4 and 6.3% for the full year a terrific result. Q4 benefited from a strong slate of client wins at McCann World Group, a number of our US integrated dependants and at CMG. Internationally our performance was mixed in the quarter with solid growth in the UK and Asia Pacific Market but decreases in Continental Europe, Latin America and what we refer to as other markets. In the UK organic revenue growth was 5.7% in Q4 with increased client spending at McCann and Universal McCann as well as the benefit of a client event that shifted from Q3 in 06 to Q4 in 07. In continental Europe revenue declined 1.2% organically in Q4 due to decreased client spending at Draft FCB and Lowe and particular softness in France. We view the full year performance in Europe as disappointing and have recently made a number of management changes in that region particularly in France.  In Asia Pacific Q4 revenue increased 6.8% organically. We had strong improvements in China, India and Australia which were partially offset by Japan where the market was soft. For the full year organic growth was 6.1% in the region with strong growth in China and India again partially offset by the challenging conditions in Japan in which we have a significant presence.  In Latin America our smallest region organic revenue decreased 6.8% against a very high 19% increase in Q4 of 2006. Growth for the full year was 1% on top of 12% for the full year in 2006. During the year we strengthened our offering at Lowe with the acquisition with a top Brazilian creative shop.  In our grouping of all other markets, our Q4 organic revenue change was a decrease of 11.4%. You may recall that this group includes Canada, The Middle East and South Africa and was up 26% in Q3. Approximately half of the decrease in Q4 was due to a change in the accounting for business with a single client resulting from a change in the underlying contract. This took us from a principal to an agent and the accounting for revenue in and pass through cost from a gross basis to a net basis, there was no economic consequences to the change. So, there was some volatility in the second half of the year and the group was up 1.6% organically for all of 2007.  Slide Six depicts our organic revenue growth trends since 2005 on a trailing 12 month basis. This longer view effectively demonstrates what Michael said earlier about not focusing excessively on growth on a quarterly basis. It is much more illustrative to look at where weve come from, what has been accomplished over the past two years and the trajectory of our business.  On slide Seven we move on to a closer look at operating expenses. Salary and related expenses were $1.11 billion in the quarter, 55.8% of revenue compared with $1.09 billion 57.9% of revenue a year ago. Thats a reported increase of 1.7% but a decrease of 2.4% on an organic basis. As we called out on the slide Q47 expense in salaries and related was $32 million a decrease from $28 million in Q406. As you will see in the appendix to our presentation slides Q4 incentive expense was 3.6% of revenue compared to 4.6% in Q406. For the full year salaries and related expense including incentives was $4.14 billion, 63.2% of revenue compared with 63.7% of revenue for all of 2006. For the year leverage on base salary and benefits improved to 51.9% from 52.3%. Total incentive compensation expense was 3.6% of revenues compared with 3.3% in 2006. This reflects increased amortization expense of our equity base long term incentive programs and an increase in our cash base annual incentives. Annual incentives were higher than anticipated at the time of our third quarter conference all due to strong profitable performance in the fourth quarter. As Michael pointed out we continue to make the necessary investments to drive revenue growth in strategically critical areas notably digital and marketing services as well as media. We also continue to reduce headcount in smaller growth areas. Headcount at quarter end was approximately 43,000 a net increase of approximately 900 from a year ago which chiefly reflects our acquisition of Lintas India in 2007.  Office and general expense at the bottom of the slide were $578 million in the fourth quarter compared with $573 million a year ago, a decrease of 2.2% organically. O&G expense decreased to 29.2% of revenue from 30.5% in Q406. As you will see in our presentation appendix the key drivers for improvement in the quarter as well as the year were leverage on professional fees and occupancy. Fees for outside professional services chief related to accounting and financial controls declined $14 million from a year ago in Q4. As I mentioned earlier Q4 O&G expense included $25 million in real estate actions in several of our agencies and locations around the world, a little more of half of which is not cash. This is separate and apart from expenses in our restructuring line. For the full year O&G expense was $2.04 billion compared with $2.08 billion in 2006, a decline of $34 million and an organic decrease of 2.7%. Professional fees decreased $72 million and leverage on occupancy increased 50 basis points.  On Slide Eight we show our operating margin on a trailing 12 month basis again looking back to 2005. This excludes restructuring and impairment charges in order to accurately capture the trend in operating results. This chart clearly shows that we have been very consistent on improvement and also why we are confident as we move into 2008.  On Slide Nine we show cash flow for 2007. Q4 is also shown separately in the presentation appendix. For the year, cash from operations was $298 million compared with $9 million in 2006. The major drivers of the improvement were our increase in net income and lower use of cash and working capital. Working capital utilization improved $80 million to use $170 million as highlighted here in yellow. Approximately one third of this use took place in the trade accounts of our business. The other two thirds reflect the settlement of liability established in 2004 financial statements and a resolution of various tax matters. Working capital management remains a high priority for us. We believe that in a business that is stable and growing as we were in 2007 we can continue to build on the improvement weve already seen. D&A for the year was a total of $288 million, depreciation was $177 million, amortization of restricted stock and other non-cash compensation was $80 million and amortization and interest expense of $31 million. In investing activities we used approximately $150 million for acquisitions in 2007 consistent with our operating plan. This is significant more activity than we had in our recent past as we return to investment mode with a disciplined approach to high growth strategically critical areas. In total we made eight acquisitions in 2007 including the step up of our investments in Lintas, India and FCB Ulka, two of Indias leading agencies. As you know we also acquired Reprise Media a leading search engine marketing specialist.  Before moving on I want to call out that cash flows in 2007 also reflect a Q4 charge in other income of $6 million on approximately $13 million of face value auction rate securities. This represents our total investment in such securities out of $2 million in cash in marketable securities.  On Slide 10 we present the current portion of our balance sheet as of yearend 07 and 06. We ended the year with $2.2 billion of cash in short term marketable securities an increase of $80 million from a year ago. Our cash level is seasonal as we have said previously and typically peaks at year end. Under current liabilities we have called out previously our short term debt includes our $200 million 4.5% convertible senior notes with 16 million underlying shares. This classification reflects the option of note holders to put that debt to us on March 15th. This amount was $400 million at the end of Q3 but was reduced in November through the private exchange of $200 million of our 4.5% notes into new 4.7 convertible notes. Should the full $200 million come back to us we expect to fulfill the obligation with cash on hand.  Our debt maturity schedule as of yearend is presented on Slide 11. Total debt at quarter end was $2.3 billion. Here again, the put options on our convertible notes have a dotted outline while the 2023 maturities in the column at the far right.  In conclusion, the financial results we are sharing with you today show a company that is making real headway. We posted dramatic improvement across the board. Organic revenue was up 200 basis points and operating margin was up 360 basis points. Cash from operations went from just under $10 million to close to $300 million this year. We achieved Sarbanes-Oxley compliance. We have good momentum going into 2008 and as Michael stated we believe that the IPG turnaround remains on track. Now, Id like to turn it back over to Michael who will wrap up the call.
Michael I. Roth : As you heard in 2007 we are proud of the success weve seen in a number of vital areas. From addressing financial controls and infrastructure to further building our talent base across the organization and beginning to leverage recent strategic decisions all of which leads to higher profitability. I think its important for us to step back and recap the following: in 2005 we were losing money and market share however, we chose not only to apply band-aid solutions to what are fundamental problems, we did not shy away from aggressively attacking weak financial controls even those this carried extremely high short term cost. It was the only way to truly fix a very serious situation and insure the companys long term viability. We also did not shy away from investing our talent so as to reinvigorate the offerings at many of our agencies. In 2006 we continued with these efforts and began to see early results as both organic revenue and operating margin moved into positive territory.  The cost of moving towards compliance continues to be a high but weve made a conscious decision to take the companys business practices, governance and disclose to the highest level of transparency. As we headed into 2007 we focused on strategic solutions for our most vulnerable units. Some of which involve new agency models that will make our offerings responsive to the revolving realties of an increasing digital integrated and accountable marketing. We resumed M&A activity in high growth disciplines and geographies and weve prepared to make operational cost discipline a top priority in anticipation of SOXs compliance. The swing in profitability and organic revenue growth that weve seen from 2005 to 2007 is dramatic and all the more remarkable given the issues IPG has had to confront as well as the inherently volatile nature of a professional service business.  We are moving into 2008 with positive momentum. Our agencies have been winning in the new business arena and we feel confident in our plans which calls for competitive organic revenue performance and operating margin in the range of 8.5 to 9%. Like our peers and every type of business at this juncture we are monitoring the broader economic situation closely but barring a significantly large scale slowdown we believe that our financial performance in 2007 confirms a future for IPG that is brighter than its been in some time. We will continue to do our part to insure that we deliver on our goals for 2008 which is to say that well stay focused on serving our clients, building on our top line progress and further addressing costs. Thats whats required to post the kind of results that will lead to enhanced shareholder value.  Now, Id like to open up the floor to questions. Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) One moment for the first question. Our first question comes from Alexia Quadriani from Bear Stearns. 
Alexia Quadrani  Bear Stearns : A couple of questions, first can you give us some color on how organic revenue growth is trending in the first quarter? I think you mentioned a large client pull back in the fourth quarter and seems to be spending again now. Is that bounce back by that client maybe offset by something else that were not aware of? Or, should organic revenue growth trend better in Q1? 
Michael I. Roth : Were trending positive in the first quarter. Obviously, its early in the year but when we say that the moderation in the fourth quarter was the results of various ins and outs what we said was the tone continues to be positive and we see that in the first quarter.
Alexia Quadrani  Bear Stearns : So it basically sounds like it should be trending better than what we saw in Q4 from what you see so far which I know is early. Is that fair?
Michael I. Roth : Yes.
Alexia Quadrani  Bear Stearns : Then with your comments regarding France and I guess the issues there. Is it fair to interpret them that the wheat performance in France was really more internal than external? Or, is there also pressure maybe in the external environment of France? Im just trying to get an idea of how much you can fix yourself with the management changes and how quick of a bounce back we may expect in that market?
Michael I. Roth : You know what we saw was both, pull back in clients but we did respond with some very positive new management changes so were cautiously optimistic about it. We hired some real high quality individuals and we hope to see an improvement both as a result of their performance as well as the client spread.
Alexia Quadrani  Bear Stearns : Lastly, just on the profitability, I know you dont give specific data but could you give some maybe general commentary about how profitability is turning by region? Is Europe doing any better?
Michael I. Roth : I think the geographic list that Frank shared with you showed that were seeing positive momentum in the United Kingdom. Obviously, we have to stay focused on continental Europe but we do see some positive improvements which is important in the UK. Weve had a new management team there and obviously with Lowe and McCann doing better I think that leads to a better performance.
Frank Mergenthaler : I think the profitability improvement we saw in 07 is being generated around the globe. 
Alexia Quadrani  Bear Stearns : Is Europe profitable now?
Frank Mergenthaler : Europe in the aggregate, we dont disclose that but a number of our markets that were struggling weve seen improvement in 07 and we anticipate that improvement to continue in 08.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mr. John Janedis of Wachovia.
John Janedis  Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Two questions, first Frank can you elaborate more on the expense side given the bump in 3Q for digital talent I would have expected that to flow more into 4Q and into 08. Whats going on there in the salary line and how lumpy will it be this year? 
Frank Mergenthaler : John, I think we should expect to see on the base salary line we should continue to see improvement. I think from the severance component I think weve somewhat stabilized there. As we continue to invest in talent weve also got a number of initiatives and processes and tools out there to help us get better leverage off our existing staff so our ROA operating plan calls for a continued improvement in leverage off of our base salaries.
John Janedis  Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Then more broadly can you talk about the ad environment meaning just from some of the other calls weve heard a lot of these traditional media companies like newspapers, radio, outdoor, TV and yellow pages theyre all starting the year more slowly than they had planned. How quickly are clients moving spend to other platforms and does that affect the margin mix at all?
Michael I. Roth : Well, obviously the notation of the integrated offering includes us looking at the broad spectrum of the various media outlets so thats not anything new so throughout the year weve been looking at the mix in terms of how our clients spend their money and obviously the areas that youve culled out are certainly suffering but I do see as you can see this morning some of the more traditional media is doing better. In total, as we said, we dont see a major pull back the issue is where are they going to spend their dollars but from our perspective thats sort of good for us in that our tools and resources are geared to helping our clients measure the ROI and help them determine where they should spend their dollars. So therefore, the more we can work with the clients in helping them in that decision the better it is for us. Margin, do you want to comment on that Frank?
Frank Mergenthaler : I think to Michaels point John as the media mix changes there may be margin pressure there may be margin opportunity. It really depends on where that money goes and the actual value add we contribute as the dollars migrate into some of the newer media.
Michael I. Roth : Let me comment about the investment in digital. Weve said this throughout, we continue to invest in digital throughout all our units and that obviously was part of the decisions we made to forego some sort term benefits by not spending and improving margin on the long term basis. So, were going to see that throughout the numbers and even with those spends we see improvements in our rations.
John Janedis  Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: One quickie sorry, Frank I know its out of your hands but anything new on the SEC? 
Frank Mergenthaler : Weve delivered to the SEC all the documents theyve requested, all of the interviews they wanted to hold so from our perspective weve met all their requirements. Our general counsel is in touch with them regularly and right now were in a bit of a holding pattern. 
Michael I. Roth : Whats frustrating about it and its not just us, weve actually raised these issues and what were seeing is that theyre just backlogged with a whole bunch of stuff so its not that theyre picking on us. When I meet with a lot of the other CEOs and all the business environments theres a huge backlog there thats jamming up everyone from moving forward and were caught in that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Paul Ginocchio of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Ginocchio  Deutsche Bank Securities: Just two questions on that new business how youre looking year to date and second Frank, do you think youre going to have to tap the ELF if the $200 million is sent back to you?
Michael I. Roth : As far as the new business it is positive. We were positive for the year and we continue to win business in the first quarter as youve seen. The ELF is something we are actually starting to look at now in anticipation but we dont see  certainly what weve said in the remarks is with the put we expect to use current cash to pay, we dont expect to tap into the ELF to pay it.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mr. Fred Searby of JP Morgan.
Frederick Searby  JP Morgan:  A couple of questions, I know this is a tough question but given what youre seeing now what do you think competitive kind of industry growth will end up being in 2008? Im asking you to break out your crystal ball a little bit. And then secondly, youre not seeing a slow down, I know financial is small for you but what has been the behavior of financial companies in terms of 08 type budgeting? Are they cutting back or is there still stable stability there? Just one question conceptually, in the last downturn I remember PR and some areas got hit very, very hard that have been fast growing, where would you expect to see  kind of what would be the business lines that would be the leading indicator if you did start to see a retrenchment from some of the clients?
Michael I. Roth : First, we continue to think that the range for organic growth for next year should be in the 4 to 5% range as being a competitive number and I think thats what youre seeing in some of the announcements by our competitors as well. In terms of pullback, historically what youll see is special projects. Rather than their normal budgeting process any special projects that come up are easier to put aside to see how the business environment unfolds for the rest of the year and it wont necessarily be in a particular  certainly branding, things like that are areas that historically get pulled back early on but mostly its in the special project area. 
Frank Mergenthaler : On the financial side, our larger financial client Fred was strong from a growth perspective for the year and in the fourth quarter.
Michael I. Roth : As you see, our percentage of financial services is what, 7%, 6 or 7% and obviously, we havent seen  weve seen some pullback in some of the smaller financial services companies but overall as Frank indicated we have one big financial services company that dominates it and again, its not our largest sector.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mr. Troy Mastin of William Blair & Company.
Troy Mastin  William Blair & Company, LLC: I want to start by asking about a statement you made last quarter about still striving for double digit operating margins in 2008. How do you feel about the potential of reaching that target today versus three months ago? 
Michael I. Roth : Well, were still striving to do the best we can. The reason we put the 8.5 to 9% out there because that we saw as a more realistic target given what was going on in the environment. Obviously, depending on the economy its achievable but right now I think if we deliver on the 8.5 to 9% that well be doing well in terms of our progress.
Troy Mastin  William Blair & Company, LLC: Okay. Then you had mentioned one client who you said in the fourth quarter that was unexpectedly soft or unusually soft and you expect to see that spending strengthening in 2008. I assume you mean beginning in the first quarter. I was wondering if you could quantify a little bit more in terms of how much this impacted your organic growth and if you can give any details as to why they slowed spend and now are reaccelerating spend.
Michael I. Roth : We dont give out details like that on a specific client and nor do we control when a client decides when they want to spend their money. The good news is we know that the pull back that occurred in the fourth quarter is not going to continue into 2008 so that is why we believe that that spend is there and were pretty comfortable that is exactly what will happen.
Troy Mastin  William Blair & Company, LLC: Can you not necessarily quantify but specify if it was project work related.
Michael I. Roth : No, no this is a normal regular client that were dealing with. It wasnt specific.
Frank Mergenthaler : The company had some of its own operational challenges and they took a pause in their spend and theyre confident that theyve worked their way through those challenges. Theyve got their 08 plan and they seem pretty committed that theyre going to reengage in their spend.
Troy Mastin  William Blair & Company, LLC: Was this substantial enough it cost you 100 basis points of organic growth?
Michael I. Roth : Thats another way of asking the size of it, you cant fool us. We dont give out specific information on clients but again, it was an impact. The good news here is we view it as a temporary impact not a long term impact.
Troy Mastin  William Blair & Company, LLC: I didnt ask who the client was.
Michael I. Roth : You just asked the amount.
Troy Mastin  William Blair & Company, LLC: In terms of tax rate for 2008, assuming that you achieve your targets for organic growth in margins, what should we expect to see in terms of GAP and cash taxes in 08?
Frank Mergenthaler : Weve said on prior calls we thought a more normalized tax rate was 55 to 60% and again, its very jurisdiction specific as to where profit is generated. We had an abnormally low tax rate this year because of the one event we had in Q2 but somewhere in the 55% range for 08 is probably reasonable. We would expect over time that number to get down to a normalized 40 to 45% rate as we see profitability around the globe start to increase.
Troy Mastin  William Blair & Company, LLC: And thats on a GAAP basis, right?
Frank Mergenthaler : Yes.
Troy Mastin  William Blair & Company, LLC: What about on a cash basis with your NOLs?
Frank Mergenthaler : Again, it depends. Jurisdiction specific weve got the significant NOLs and depending on where we can start generating profit weve got a real tax shield there and believe me weve got a tax team thats quite focused on how we get at those NOLs. We saw improvement in our cash taxes paid this year, some of that is a result of some structuring weve done outside of the US so I think the team is now fully focused on it especially when youve got Sarbanes-Oxley behind them and theres just an opportunity to spend a great emphasis and focus of their time on trying to drive real value out of the NOLs in the balance sheet.
Michael I. Roth : And it is a double win for us. To the extent we improve profitability in those regions, the fact that were improving profitability will improve cash flow by utilizing these tax laws carry forward. Thats why the concentration in that is going to be significant for us to focus on.
Troy Mastin  William Blair & Company, LLC: Then finally, youd mentioned that youre reallocating some of the resources you have in your financial services organization. How might we see the effect of that in terms of working capital or some other area?
Frank Mergenthaler : You know Fred, I think the best place youre going to see is improvement across all of our cost metrics. I mean the thought there is and we saw some evidence of it this year as Interpublic becomes under control which we are now, weve got very talented financial resources around the globe that were spending a very significant amount of their time on remediating control weaknesses. Now, theyve been remediated, those folks can turn a good portion of their emphasis on driving operating performance. So whether it be in cost control, whether it be improved staff utilization in client profitability, theres a whole realm of things that these folks are going to now start putting the full court press on and quite candidly I think that will be one of the largest contributors that we have to improve performance in 08. 
Michael I. Roth : It also helps us in terms of allocation of capital. I mean thats why when Frank was talking about what we were able to accomplish Sarbanes-Oxley was obviously a goal for us but the real change here was in the fundamental control environment and visibility that we see into our businesses and thats got to help us not just in the short term but on a long term basis, is how you manage your business and the visibility into these businesses are critical for us as we go forward. That was the key benefit of all this. The Sarbanes-Oxley was obviously mandated but it helped us from a business perspective.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mr. Karl Choi of Merrill Lynch. 
Karl Choi  Merrill Lynch: I have a couple of questions, the first one is for Frank, now that Sarbanes-Oxley is behind us could you update us on what your expectations are for professional fees in 2008? And second, I know you dont break out margins for individual agencies but with some recent winds over at Lowe can you give us a better sense of how big of a margin improvement should we expect from Lowe in 2008?
Frank Mergenthaler : Karl, the professional fees youve seen them fall dramatically since 05 and we will continue to work with our advisors to drive those costs down even further. Im not willing to put a number out there. I think two years ago we hoped professional fees would be south of 3% in 08; we achieved that in 07. So again, as we institutionalize our control environment and we work with our advisors and we take more and more of the responsibility there in house we expect to continue to see improvement. Michael, do you want to comment on Lowe or do you want me to comment on Lowe?
Michael I. Roth : Ill comment. Obviously, weve continued to reposition Lowe in the marketplace. I think its very encouraging for us and Lowe to see the recent business winds. They continue to have a very impressive offering in the high value ideas and as we indicated before we expect them to go from a loss position in 2007 to a positive position in 2008 and theyre on track to do that. So, rather than give you particular margin numbers obviously being positive in 2008 from Lowe is an important factor in our accomplishing what we want to do.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mr. Michael Nathanson of Sanford Bernstein.
Michael Nathanson  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: I have two on cash flow, one for Frank, one for Mike. Frank, on cash flow many of your peers, almost all of them, have positive working capital. Why is yours negative and what can you do about that? Then, for Michael now that youre actually generating free cash flow, give me your priorities for how youre going to use this cash. Should we expect some more digital acquisitions or is buybacks in order?
Frank Mergenthaler : On the working capital I agree, weve made dramatic improvement with respect to working capital. I think it was an $80 million improvement year-on-year and when you look at the negative working capital youve got about a third of it is trade so weve got a number of initiatives in place, weve seen some progress in 07 and we expect that to turn positive moving forward and were still working our way through some of the liabilities that were established for the restatement. So, as we see especially our media business grow and we become more disciplined with respect to working capital management your thesis is right, it should be positive. We have made progress but were not there yet.
Michael I. Roth : In terms of the use of our positive cash flow what weve said is were back in the M&A environment but that doesnt mean to say that were taking all of our cash flow and investing it in transactions. Were very disciplined on the M&A side. This past year we used about $150 million which was consistent with our budget and we have a similar budget going into 2008. And youre right, they will be tactical and strategic in terms of locations and disciplines and certainly some of them we expect to be digital type transactions to add to some of our units offerings if you will. As far as the buyback goes, Ive mentioned this before, I look forward to the day that we will be looking at those types of issues and I think certainly we look at that carefully given the level of our stock performance and our free cash flow. Until were through our turnaround which I think were getting very close to were going to look at holding our cash and being conservative on our balance sheet. As soon as thats over with obviously one of our top priorities are in enhancing shareholder value and whenever you look at that you have to consider the issue of share buybacks, possibly dividends as well as investments in other businesses and at the high level of prices I dont think those acquisitions make a lot of sense so therefore cash share buybacks and dividends are reasonable alternatives for us to look at. 
Michael Nathanson  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay on that score, Frank you guys use to tell us what the share count was because it was so complicated, all the dilution. Where is fully diluted share count right now?
Frank Mergenthaler : Because its complicated Jerry has to hand it to me. Michael, you must have preempted this question because it has a handwritten analysis for me that Im reading to you. Its got 503 million. Id say if youve got any questions, give him a ring. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mr. Craig Huber of Lehman Brothers.
Craig Huber  Lehman Brothers: A few questions, can you be a little more specific on your new account wins in the fourth quarter and also in the first quarter?
Michael I. Roth : In terms of 2008 new quarter wins, MRM won Chevrolet in Thailand. Obviously, Aruba Tourism is some of them, Cadbury Schwepps with Initiative; China Mobile with Lowe; the Unilever Ice Cream obviously was a win for Lowe, it was a take away from McCann but overall we view that as positive to IPG in terms of revenue. GM, Cadillac in China was won by McCann Shanghai; Staples in the UK and Sony Ericsson and of course, the Hyundai Kia win at Initiative.
Craig Huber  Lehman Brothers: Those were all so far in the first quarter?
Michael I. Roth : Yes. 
Craig Huber  Lehman Brothers: Is there any significant account losses you want to talk about so far this year?
Michael I. Roth : No, the only thats up for review of any size and again, not as big as some people might think is the Intel Media. I think the reported numbers on that are in the range of $7 million of revenue. I think again, we dont give out numbers but again, its one thats up for review and were working hard to defend that one.
Craig Huber  Lehman Brothers: Then again I guess Frank or Mike switch over for cost, you guys were nice every quarter to break out your cost in nine different buckets here. As we think about 2008, in the fourth quarter here you guys did remarkably a much better job here on costs than you did the prior three quarters. What should investors expect specifically for 2008, what categories are you guys really focusing on? Or, should it be broad brushed across all the different categories?
Frank Mergenthaler : Craig, we should continue to see improvement against our staff cost ratios. I think our O&G ratio weve made dramatic improvement over the years, theres always opportunity but for Michael and I during the planning process the staff cost ratio is probably the most significant item we push people pretty hard on.
Michael I. Roth : And on that one clearly, theres a balancing act here in terms of investing in the future versus taking short term actions and I think weve done a good job in terms of maintaining that balance. We will show improvement on it but again, not at the cost of long term investments in people.
Craig Huber  Lehman Brothers: Do you still think for example, in the occupancy line that theres room to pull that down here over the next couple of years given that a lot of leases are long term in nature, etcetera?
Frank Mergenthaler : I think that in all the broad categories weve showed progress, outside of professional fees weve shown progress in occupancy, we continue to be very efficient I think with respect to managing global real estate. Again, Ill go back to the comment we made earlier, as global finance teams around the globe can focus more and more of their time on cost containment, our expectation is well continue to see improvement.
Craig Huber  Lehman Brothers: Then just lastly, in terms of advertising categories here US or globally was there any specific categories that youre overly concerned about here other than the usual autos and stuff like that?
Michael I. Roth : I wouldnt say overly concerned about. Let me comment on Pharma because thats been out there. We have a very strong Pharma offering and frankly 2007 was a very good year. Obviously, some of the products affected our business as a result of some of the pull backs of some big drugs but overall Pharma continues to be a very important category for us and we had a great 2007.
Craig Huber  Lehman Brothers: Just net-net from your comments earlier Mike youre not overly concerned about your clients pulling back spend as were two months into this new year? 
Michael I. Roth : Every morning you wake up and you read but so far, and we watch this very carefully, and we have not seen it yet. Thats why weve made the comments we have. I think its obviously something everyones looking at carefully but we still havent seen it.
Operator:  Our last question comes from Ms. Fallon of Citi.
Ms Fallon  Citigroup: I was wondering Frank if you could tell us a little bit more about the total value of the outstanding NOLs and any color on the geographic regions where those are in place so that we might be able to better estimate the tax benefit going forward?
Frank Mergenthaler : Sure. Its about $1.8 billion of which the majority of it is outside the US and probably the largest markets that are contributing are the UK, Germany and France.
Ms Fallon  Citigroup: Okay, great. Then also, a little bit of color on the outlook for 08, it seems consistent with what were hearing from our industry contracts and also from surveys we have done but Im wondering how much of that kind of cautiously optimistic tone for 08 is due to onetime effects in 08 such as the Olympics and other lineal affects in the elections that might go away for 09? So, essentially how should we be thinking about the longer term outlook for advertising and for the public in general once these lineal effects have subsided? 
Michael I. Roth : I think the comment certainly that we made and we continue to make are excluding those onetime items. Obviously the cautiousness has to do with the overall economic effect and those one particular items are not whats sort of raising the boat in the water if you will and giving us the comfort level. This is general client spend that were looking at not specific projects and as I said, if there is a downturn were likely to see specific projects get pulled back but the regular spend  what youre going see is some clients trying to get more for the buck, thats the reality of it. When there are margin pressures in their businesses they of course look at various sources to see it but the general tone on the spend is still there.  I want to thank everybody, obviously were very pleased with our results for 2007 and were excited about what we have to offer in 2008 and we look forward to sharing our results with you as it progresses. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Thank you for joining todays conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Jerome J. Leshne - Sr. VP, IR  Michael I. Roth - Chairman & CEO  Frank Mergenthaler - EVP, CFO 
Analysts:  Alexa Quadrani - Bear Stearns John Janedis - Wachovia Capital Markets Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank  Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers  Frederick Searby - J.P. Morgan Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch  Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company   
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session portion. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.  I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations:  Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website, www.interpublic.com and we'll refer to both in the course of this call.  This morning, we're joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A and we will plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 AM Eastern Time.  During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company which are subject to the uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release, and the slide presentation, and further detailed in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC.  At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning, as we review the third quarter and first nine months of 2007. I'd like to begin with highlights of our performance and a brief overview of key areas of the business. Frank will then take us through the financial results. After his presentation, I'll return with some closing comments, and we'll move on to the Q&A.  Last quarter, we called out very strong organic revenue increase as an indicator of the success we've had in attracting and developing talent, as well as strategically realigning a number of our capabilities so as to better meet the needs of the marketplace. Once again, we saw a strong organic revenue growth in Interpublic. Fueled by a wide cross-section of our agencies, we were up 5% in the quarter on this important metric. Year-to-date, the organic revenue increase was 4.8%, which makes us competitive in terms of our top-line performance relative to our peers.  While there are still a few areas in our portfolio that need work, we clearly have the tools and talent to be a major competitive force in the marketplace. We continue to see growth from existing relationships particularly among our top 20 clients, which speaks well of the strength of our offerings.  In conversations with our clients, we are getting no indications that they currently intend to pull back from their marketing activities as they head into the New Year. We're also seeing positive revenue impact from new business won in the first half of the year, and we continue to bring in new accounts such as Devereux [ph], US Census, DEX, Chilies and USAA. And just yesterday, we were informed that Lowe had won the pan European work for General Motors for Zafira and Meriva minivans. Through September, we remained new business positive.  You will also see that we posted a continued improvement in operating performance. Operating income was up $30 million from last year's third quarter and is $120 million ahead of last year for the first nine months. Frank will take you through all of the specifics on key cost and profitability programs.  In reviewing performance of the agencies, I would call attention to the fact the McCann and CMG continued to perform very well, with highly competitive global offerings in growth areas such as activation, CRM, public relations and event marketing. The Draftfcb merger has created a company with a compelling and differentiated go-to-market strategy, and we look forward to seeing the network really hit its stride as we move into 2008.  Among our integrated US independents, we have some of the most respected brands in the business, like The Martin Agency, Hill Holliday, Carmichael Lynch, Campbell-Ewald, Deutsch and Mullen. And their performance continues to be strong.  Our two media global media operations have made great progress operationally and financially during the past 12 months. Improved talent at Initiative Media and Universal McCann as well as a better collaboration between the two companies in non-client facing areas should allow both agencies to build on a positive momentum. Lowe's strategic and creative product continues to be its strength, as was evident when it presented its plan to our Board of Directors in London last week. Management continues to stay focused on refining the networks operating footprint, securing the right skill sets to meet the needs of the marketplace and improving the overall financial performance.  At this point, it makes sense for me to address a topic thats on everyone's mind, that is digital. We hear about it from all our operating people in their plans meetings and regularly get asked about it by investors. Clearly, developing digital capabilities will have implications for every one of our brands and for Interpublic as a whole. That sequester will be, continue to be more and more digital media channels with which to reach consumers as well as greater fragmentation of traditional media.  As a result of technology innovations, our industry will also continue to be confronted by increased complexity, and speed of change. But the evolution of the media marketplace is not as zero sum game in which new media will eradicate all other forms of communication. Both old and emerging platforms are required by our clients. In fact, each channel has a role to play and each excels in addressing key marketing objectives at every stage of the consumer purchase funnel. Online is a unique in that it cuts across all consumer touch points and it adds a dimension to every other marketing discipline which is why research is increasingly finding that emerging and traditional media are strongest together as part of integrated campaigns. We believe that digital talent and capabilities must continue to be at the center of our thinking in the programs we create for our clients. They must therefore be integrated into all of our agencies. Of course there is small number of scarce specialist capabilities in leading edge or highly technical areas which will have to be shared across the group.  We have three top digital agencies in R/GA, MRM and the integrated interactive offering within Draftfcb. Our US independents have also developed strong digital in-house capabilities. We have been very successful with the Emerging Media Lab and our digital partners whether with Facebook, Joost, BzzAgent to name a few. And earlier this year, we had addressed our search needs with the acquisition of the Reprise Media. More recently we launched a mobile joint venture with Velti.  We must continue to invest in our digital offerings, particularly our international footprint. We must also invest behind stronger digital talent at our media agencies at Lowe and in our marketing service companies such as online analytics will be key as will social media marketing which work hand-in-hand with our terrific public relations, activation and event marketing companies.  Moving forward, we believe that continued investment in digital talent, incubating new capabilities at small targeted acquisitions will be vital to building on the strong growth and marketplace momentum that we have seen thus far this year.  Now to take us through the story in detail from a financial point of view, I would like to hand things over to Frank for a review of our results. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  Thank you, Michael and good morning everyone. A quick reminder that my comments track the presentation slides that has been posted to our website. On slide two, we call out key points related to the quarter. As you just heard from Michael, we are pleased with our improved revenue growth in Q3 and what this says about the quality of our agencies. On a reported basis, revenue increased 7.3%. Organic revenue growth was 5.7 % compared to the third quarter year ago. We had strong contributions from both existing clients and new clients wins. We drove improved leverage on total operating expenses, leveraging base salaries and benefits as a percentage of revenue. We added to our accrual for annual incentives in the quarter due to improved performance and better expense phasing.  O&G declined an all major expense categories as a percent of revenue, led by lower professional services fees. As a result Q3 operating income with $51 million, an increase of $30 million from Q3 06. Operating margin was 3.3% in the quarter, compared to 1.4% a year ago. It's worth noting due to seasonality third quarter revenues are significantly lower than in quarters 2 or 4. Over the quarter diluted EPS was a loss of $0.06 per share compared to $0.02 per share a year ago.  Slide 3 is our P&L for the third quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expense trends in some detail shortly. Here I would like to call out two items. In other income and expenses, we had expensed $5 million this year compared to income of $23 million a year ago. In both cases these are predominantly non-cash items.  Second our tax provision was $36 million on pretax income of $16 million. As has been in the case in previous quarters this primarily reflects the impact of losses in certain international jurisdictions on which we receive no tax benefit.  As we have said previously, those losses without tax benefit means that their annual effective rate should be in the mid 50% range. We continue to have available loss carry-forwards of approximately $1.5 billion to utilize as profitability improved. Our fully normalized tax rate should be in the 35% to 45 % range.  On slide 4, we provide additional detail on revenue. Reported revenue in the quarter was $1.56 billion, an increase of 7.3%. Compared to Q3 2006, exchange rates had a positive impact of 3% and net business dispositions were a negative 1.4%.  Results was organic revenue growth of 5.7%, which as I mentioned earlier was attributable to higher revenue from both existing clients and net new business wins.  Lower half of the slide shows segment performance. The organic revenue increase was 4.9% in our Integrated Agency Networks and 10% at CMG.  Within our IAN segment, the growth of integrated advertising and marketing assignments was at the core of strong performance in the U.S. and internationally. Our media operations also posted solid organic growth. CMG's results reflect another quarter of double digit organic increase at our major PR agencies and strong growth in our events marketing business.  Slide 5, provides a regional revenue breakdown. In the U.S., revenue increased 6.8% organically, an outstanding results lead by McCann Worldgroup. We also saw solid contributions from Draftfcb, Initiative and universal McCann. Among our U.S integrated independents, Hill Holiday has strong growth fueled by recent new business wins. PR continued its very strong growth performance and was joined by event marketing.  In the U.K, revenue declined 4.8% organically from Q3 06 due to project work in our events business a year ago that did not repeat, as well as shift in the timing of a large project that was move from the third quarter into the fourth quarter of this year. For the year-to-date, we approximately flat at the U.K.  In Continental Europe, revenue decline 1.3% organically due to client losses and decreased spend by certainly clients primarily in France. In Latin America, revenue increased 12.6% on an organic basis led by strength in our media businesses as well as increased ad spend from existing clients. Mexico was strong for both McCann and Draftfcb.  In Asia-Pac, revenue increased 6.5% organically. We had very strong revenue growth on a percentage basis in both China and India offset somewhat by weakness in Japan at McCann.  In other markets, organic revenue growth was 26.5% due to strength in the Middle East and South Africa.  On slide 6, a closer look at operating expenses. Salaries and related expenses were $1.03 billion in the quarter compared to $961 million a year ago. There are number of moving pieces in the comparison. First, as you will see in the appendix to our presentation, leverage on base salaries and benefits improved 40 basis point to 54.5% from 54.9%. Headcount at quarter end was approximately 43,000. Excluding the 850 employees from the recently acquired Lintas, India, we are approximately flat from where we started the year. As Michael indicated, we continued to make the necessary investments by hiring new talent to drive revenue growth in strategically critical areas.  So the ins and outs in terms of staffing deserve a closer look, as we rationalize our cost structure to the number of businesses. Getting more specific, weve reduced headcount by more than 1,000 employees at Draftfcb and Lowe, so far this year. And currently, weve hired about the same number of people in support growth areas. The talent added is taking place in digital, PR, direct, CRM activation and media led by the following agencies. MRM Momentum, R/GA Webber Shanwick and Universal McCann. We also continue to add talent in our agency in key emerging markets like China.  Total incentive compensation expense in the quarter includes an increase of $13 million from a year ago for our annual incentive program resulting from improved performance as well as a better phasing of annual incentive expense recognition for the year. It bears mention, based on performance year-to-date and our expectations for Q4, annual incentive expense should be essentially flat for the year.  Expense related to long-term performance based equity compensation increased approximately $4 million, due to our expanded use of equity incentives. As we've indicated previously. We anticipate for the full year total expense of equity based compensation will increase approximately $15 million compared to last year. Leveraged expense was 1.3% of revenues in the quarter. As was mentioned in our previous conference call, we began to take necessary cost actions during the third quarter to respond to account changes that took place late in Q2. This led to incremental severance in the quarter notably at Draftfcb in New York as a result of the Verizon consolidation into Universal McCann. As we've begun planning for next year it has become apparent that the effects of these losses will be greater than we had previously anticipated.  The recent client shifts at Lowe led us reevaluate the agency's overall cost structure. Expenses for actions taken in the third quarter are reflected in our restructuring line, which shows $5 million of severance costs related to Lowe. We expect that the total program at the agency wont bob at an [ph] incremental $13 million in cash and non cash restructuring expenses to address headcount and real estate over the next two quarters. In Q4, we are looking at additional real estate actions across our portfolio of companies which should approximate $25 million pretax.  At the bottom of the slide you office and general expenses, which were $469 million in the quarter compared to $466 million a year ago. O&G declined as a percentage of revenue, by 200 basis points to 30.1%. Fees for outside professional services, chiefly accounting and financial controls declined $6 million from a year ago. Its worth noting that Q3 06 showed a $61 million reduction from the prior year. As you will see in our presentation appendix, on page 25, each of the O&G categories presented professional fees, occupancy expense and all others decreased as a percentage of revenue. This clearly demonstrates that our commitment to major corporate cost control and reduction initiatives are bearing fruit.  On slide 7. We show cash flow for the quarter. We had cash flow from operations of a $119 million in Q3, compared with the use of $70 million a year ago. On the highlighted line you see that working capital generated $22 million of cash, an improvement of $100 million in Q3 06, principally due to better performance in our media businesses.  D&A in Q3 was a total of $74 million. Depreciation was $44 million, amortization of restricted stock and other non cash compensation was $23 million and amortization of interest expense was $8 million.  In the investing activities section we used $34 million for acquisitions. We have made several investments in strategic, high growth areas this year. In the third quarter we stepped up our investment in FCB Ulka, a top Indian agency which cements our position as one of the two leading holding companies in India. Over the course of the next year we will continue to be open to strategic deals in emerging and high growth economies.  As you can see, the financing section was fairly quiet.  On slide 8, we present the current portion on our balance sheet, and as of September 30th 07 and 06, as well as at year end 06. We ended Q3 with $1.53 billion of cash in short-term marketable securities. Our cash level is seasonal, as we have said previously and typically peaks at year end. Those are the areas highlighted in yellow. Under current liabilities, as we have called out previously, short-term debt includes our $400 million 4.5% convertible senior notes. This reflects the option of note holders to put that debt to us in March 08  Our debt maturity schedule is presented on slide 9. Total debt at quarter end was $2.3 billion. This schedule is essentially unchanged from our second quarter conference call.  On slide 10, we present a summery of key developments. Our strong top-line growth in the quarter reflects the improving competitiveness of our businesses, result of strategic decisions we have made taken related to our offerings and targeted investments in talent and tools. We will begin to see the revenue impact of Q2 account losses beginning in Q4 put pressure on growth. We will remain pleased with our progress in 2007 and we believe that the broad based improvements and the competitiveness of our offerings are sustainable.  Some of these account losses have made it necessary for us to take related cost actions, which impacted the third quarter. Further action on staff reductions and real estate will be required during the next two quarters as well. We will also have to continue to invest in digital talent and tools in order to keep pace with and capitalize on the rapid changes that are taking place in our business. These factors will impact the rate of improvement in margin performance going forward. As a result of our annual planning process, we also have a better sense of what performance for 2008 looks like. Michael will be speaking to this key issue in more detail shortly.  We continue to focus on the corporate initiatives that have been yielding so well for us in terms of O&G costs. We are also pushing hard to drive financial tools and disciplines into all of our agencies so as to improve productivity across agency collaboration, better share back office functions, and further simplify the organization. As we move through the crucial phase of internally testing our control environment, we remain on track to be compliance with SOX 404 with the filing of our 2007 10-K. We are finding that an additional benefit of these efforts is that robust financial controls are providing more timely data about the performance of the businesses, and giving us a better dashboard with which to manage our operations.  At this point, I would like to hand it back to Michael for some closing remarks. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you, Frank. It's fair to say that for the second consecutive quarter, Interpublic performed at the highest level we have seen in many years. These results demonstrate that we have put the company back on a right track. As was the case on our last call, I will remind you that we've consistently stated that our progress would not be linear from quarter-to-quarter.  Performance for the first nine months of this year is very encouraging, but it will not necessarily become the norm until after we have fully completed our turnaround. Looking forward it's clear that we must continue to accelerate the speed in which we embed digital skill and capabilities into every one of our agencies. This will require increased levels of investment, particularly in talent, professional development and technology, and to a much lesser extent, targeted M&A activity.  These investments will be important in building on our current top line momentum, and will help us to ensure our long-term growth. But they will also affect our ability to achieve the full measure of the aggressive margin objectives we set forth for next year.  The client developments, which we called out in the second quarter are making it necessary for us to take remedial actions that will have financial ramifications for the next two quarters. These developments have also put our margin objectives under additional pressure.  We will continue to push for double-digit operating margins in 2008. However, our detailed planning process has led us to conclude that it is appropriate this time to adjust margin expectations for next year. We expect to post operating margins of between 8.5% and 9% in 2008. This would represent performance we can be proud of, a dramatic improvement over where we were when we began to turnaround less then two years ago, with revenue declining organically and operating margins of negative 1.7%.  We've come very far in a short time. Weve shown that we are willing to take direct action to address issues which we will continue to do so. Ours is a talent driven business and we have been successful in bringing on the right people and providing them with the resources required to build strong operating brands. Those kinds of investments would have helped us post the strong performance we are sharing with you today.  We remain committed to making these kinds of investments, because that is consistent with the long-term interest of creating shareholder value. We look forward to keeping you up-to-date on where we stand in terms of our progress and our prospects.  Our future gets brighter everyday. In order to realize that promise, we must always stay focused on improving our product offerings and delivering for our clients and improving our profitability. Thats what will allow us to enhance value for our shareholders, and to deliver on our ultimate objective of being fully competitive financial performance.  I would now like to open up the floor to questions, thank you.  Question and Answer 
Operator:  [Operator Instructions].  Your first question comes from Alexa Quadrani, your line is open. 
Alexa Quadrani - Bear Stearns:  Hi, thank you. A couple of questions, first you mentioned some pressure on the revenues from the client losses over the center are likely to impact Q4. Could you give us a sense if any of that at all fell into Q3? I'm just trying to get a sense of the revenue impact in the next quarter. And then I have a couple of follow-ons. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  Alexa, it's Frank. The revenue impact on Q3 was di minimus. 
Alexa Quadrani - Bear Stearns:  Okay. And then, did you see a meaningful change in profitability at any one of your agencies in the quarter? For example Draftfcb, maybe Draftfcb, New York, did they see a big dip given the Verizon loss in the second quarter? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  I think I said as we indicated in the call, the loss of Verizon in New York did have an impact on the New York office of Draft as it moved over to McCann. And thats reflective in the numbers we are talking about. We remain confident in the ability of the Draftfcb merger to be very competitive in the marketplace and to really start showing an impact in 2008. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  And the biggest impact Alexia, was in a severance cost we took, as a result to the Verizon loss. 
Alexa Quadrani - Bear Stearns:  Would you say at the other major agencies though the profitability was relatively stable? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, other than the issues we continued to talk about Lowe, in terms of repositioning Lowe. And your next question is going to be, when do we see Lowe turning profitable. And the answer to that is, we expect it to see them profitable in 2008. 
Alexa Quadrani - Bear Stearns:  And then just lastly, you mentioned that some improvement in the media business. Was that just in the top line or are you're seeing better profitability there? And then also, could you provide us some color about profitability in Europe? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, let me talk about media and then I will turn to Frank well I will cover Europe as well. The growth in media is both on a revenue point of view and cost containment and profitability. I think both our media units have shown an ability to add to its talent and yet focus on profitability. So we are very pleased with the improvements we are seeing there.  As far as as Europe goes, in the U.K., we have added virtually new management in all of our units. And as Frank indicated for the year in the U.K., we see it relatively flat although we had a negative quarter. The pressure in Continental Europe is in France, and obviously we are taking actions in terms of talent to address that. 
Alexa Quadrani - Bear Stearns:  Okay thank you. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you. 
Operator:  John Janedis, your line is open. 
John Janedis  Wachovia Capital Markets:  Hi. Thank you. A couple of questions, guys. First, can you just Frank, maybe talk a bit more about the uptick in incentive expenses. How do the managers in terms of hitting margin targets, factor into the calculation in terms of the uptick? Thanks. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  The first headline, John, on incentives is we believe the phasing of the incentive accrual for the year be more straight lined. If you look at last year, it was very fourth quarter weighted. In fact we believe from an annual perspective that our cash pay-out will be approximately the same as we saw in 06. So I just think it is more straight lined recognition of it.  On the long-term incentives, we called out, I think on the second quarter call, we believe, year-over-year we will be about $15 million higher on long term equity basis incentives and we are still in that ballpark.  With respect to targets, the incentives are predicated on revenue and margin targets for each one of our individual operating units and when you look at the relative performance, those who are performing above those targets we are accruing those incentives now; for those who are falling short we back off on accrual. 
John Janedis  Wachovia Capital Markets:  Okay. And then just as a follow-up, just in terms of salaries, and related line, the uptick during the period, given the organic growth here, I guess I would have expected to see a bit more expansion there. And I guess given your comments in investing in people, is there any reason that we should expect to see that tick down? And there's a number, I think in the past you talked about something in the high 50s, is it at some point still achievable? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Our goal is to continue to drive towards that. I mean obviously, you are right, in terms of investing in our talent, that has had some pressure on our ability to expand the margin. But that part of our process is in fact for those people that we are adding is to be revenue generated and therefore grow the margins to new business, as well as focusing on cost. Our expectations are to continue to move that number down towards the numbers that we were talking about in terms of low 60%. 
John Janedis  Wachovia Capital Markets:  Okay. And sorry, just one last question. On the revenue side, and your targets that you talked about last year, it seemed like you are at least pacing in line with plans for revenues on both, at least for 07 and maybe for 08 as well. So I am wondering, will the cost of doing business be increased permanently and how do you think about longer term industry margins. Are they basically not as high as you thought they may have bee a year or two ago? 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  I think right now, I think the whole industry is under pressure to invest in new talent and particularly as I indicated, on the digital side. I think your observation on the revenue one is a valid one. We feel much more comfortable in terms of our revenue being competitive with our peer groups, if you would. And I think its the whole industry is under pressure to maintain our margins and that goes to the value added process of what we are delivering. And I do think given the new techniques, the tools and the resources that we bring to the table, we do believe margins are attainable. But it's going to be a lot of hard work in terms of meeting the needs of our clients, and thats why we gearing up from the resource perspective. 
John Janedis  Wachovia Capital Markets:  Alright, thank you. 
Operator:  Paul Ginocchio, your line is open. 
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank:  Yes, thanks. Two questions. First, just looking at the new margin target, you talked about how much the charges that you are talking about the I guess the first quarter of 08 impact that target versus the economy versus Lowe, and I guess investing in digital talent, sort of tell me which is the most important of those categories thats impacting margin target?  And second, talking about, when is the Dell account going to be announced? Thanks. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Well, let me handle the Dell. We are in the midst of obviously the finals of that. We had presentations recently that, actually last week and we are in constant dialogue with them in fact this week. So, we expect to see or expect to hear from them, I would say within a month, I think their target is within a month. And we are actively engaged in that and we are looking forward to a resolution of that.  As far as the components of the impact 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  Paul, the one-off costs with respect to the actions we are taking next year did not result in us moving the targets down to the 8.5% to 9%. It's more of a factor of, as you called out, the aggressive investment that we are making as it relates to digital and also the two key operating units that are accorded to the overall turnaround objectives in Draftfcb and Lowe and the impact that significant account losses had on them in 07 and how that moves forward them to 08 with respect to progress against their individual performance targets. 
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank:  Any way to size those account losses, so we know what the impact is going to be over an annual basis? Roughly? 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  I think what we said at the time was it is roughly $15 million was the number, and again we dont give specific information. But I think thats a number that can be used from a range perspective. 
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank:  Right, thank you. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  You're welcome. 
Operator:  Michael Nayeb Hasan [ph], your line is open. 
Unidentified analyst:  Thanks. I have one for Frank and one for Michael. Hey, Frank, as always, your slides are great. On slide 22, you'd shown 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  Let me get to it. 
Unidentified analyst:  Okay. It shows limited operating leverage for salaries and related, the past couple of data points over the past 12 months on a trailing basis. The question I have, I think everyone is still trying to figure out where does the leverage come from, on salaries and related? It looks like it is pretty much tied to revenues. And other companies as well in the industry are not showing a lot of margin kick from salaries and related. So over the next couple of years 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  I think the leverage has to come from the base salaries which is on the next slide. On the incentive line, severance is normalized and we think probably 100 basis point is a reasonable number. We believe on the incentive side it's 3% to 5% of revenue in the aggregate for a run rate basis. So we need to get out a base. 
Unidentified Analyst:  And how does that occur? 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  Right now we are fighting a little bit of headwind, because we are in significant investment mode, but with respect to, once that somewhat stabilizes, its in better leverage of our existing headcount. And we do that by investing in better tools and on driving better efficiency through client management. So there is not one single answer. We have got agencies in the portfolio that this is the rollout of IPG. We've got agencies in the portfolio that do dramatically better than this. So its not a bar to which we havent seen it achieved. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  From a granular point of view, whenever we have our operating reviews, thats the number one item we address in our discussions. So everyone is focused on if there are any increases in people or costs, they have to go through a process in terms of revenue generation and payback, if you will. So the discipline now is very much in place, both with respect to the regional operations as well as the individual CFOs, and the corporate reviews. So we are addressing those issues directly. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay, thanks. And then I have one for Michael which is, when you think about building out your digital capabilities, why wont you also see an increase in M&A activity in the coming years? So how is the buy versus build decision flow through ahead? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  I mean thats an obvious question. Frankly the prices of some of the buys are quite enormous. And given the fact that we have a pretty good footprint between MRM, R/GA, our digital capability within our independents as well as the Draftfcb component, our view is to leverage our existing expertise and grow it from within. And we still look at picking up strategic operations on a smaller level like we did with Reprise and a couple of other digital shops that are smaller in size. But to go out and add to our critical mess on a large basis by paying up for it we dont think its necessary at this point in time.  We are competing very effectively right now in the digital offerings given the resources that we have. And I think the better route for us right now is to add to our talent base and expand it that way. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Great. Thanks, Michael. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Craig Huber, your line is open. 
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers:  Yes. Good morning. Thank you. Two questions. Share buybacks and your stocks at $10 of share. I mean, how confident are you, that you can hit this 8.5% to 9% target next year and what might be timing here perhaps that you would consider doing share buybacks in the next year and half. I mean just give me granular half [inaudible]. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Weve talked about that before. I would love to be in a position of talking about those issues as well, as dividend issues and all this other stuff. We are still in the midst of our turnaround. And I would say we have to have some consistency in our overall performance from a financial point of view. Weve had good conservations with our rating agencies. As you recall, they took us off negative. And so, I think we are managing our balance sheet and our expectations reasonably well. And I think the point is that we just have to continue to keep our heads down, and deliver consistent results and then we can talk about that. 
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers:  Also another question. What has changed in your mind in the last year and half, that lowered your target from 10% to 8.5% to 9%? Sounds like it's more on the cost side of investments, is that fair to say? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Well I think there are number of issues have occurred. Some of the things that have come up, some of our client losses and impacting that through our regular business operations, taking some staff reductions in some of our units as a result of those client losses has had an impact. I think the fact that we are investing in digital, we added a thousand people in these growth areas, I think thats having an impact.  So if you put it all together if you remember, we started, when we set the 10% target, we had negative margins. We were looking into a crystal ball. A lot of things has changed in the economy in terms of the rapid pace of which the digital has come up against us. So it is a whole host of factors that affected. Obviously, we are still going to be driving towards double digit margins. I mean, Im not taking our foot off the accelerator here. But I think what we said was, we went through this turnaround to the extent we had indications and better visibility to where we would come, we would alert everyone to that and thats what we are doing here. And frankly, I think 8.5%, 9%, given the short period of time weve doing this in terms of the turnaround is a pretty good result. I mean, we want to do better and we will do better. But right now I think thats a reasonable expectation which is why we drew it out there. 
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers:  And then lastly if I could, earlier on in the call, Mike, you mentioned that you have a few areas you need to work on still at the company. Can you just go through that, just update us on Lowe, the media buying side et cetera, the areas that really will make a difference for next year. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Well clearly the emerging markets are an area that we want to focus on. We topped off our investments in India and we are very comfortable with our offerings in India. China continues to be an area that we have to focus on. We have some very good offerings both with Lowe and McCann, of course in China and our specialty agencies as well as Draftfcb, but we have to build on that footprint. Media in China is an area we have to address as well.  Lowe, theyve done a lot of work in Lowe in terms of stabilizing that business. Their creative product continues to be very powerful. The response from their clients, notably Unilever has been very positive in terms of the work they do on a global basis. And we're looking for them to turn profitable in 2008. So thats an area that we're looking at very carefully.  And of course Draftfcb is going through its merger. They have done a tremendous job of integrating the two units and the go-to-market strategy is very powerful in terms of what they are implementing. The team has just come back from their worldwide tour of all the different agencies and rolling out the go to market strategy.  So we've done a lot of things during this interim period and all of it we believe is going to be, give rise to growth on a long-term basis. 
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers:  How much Michael, was your media operation revenues up in the quarter or year-to-date? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  We dont disclose media separately, Craig. 
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers:  All right. Thank you. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Fredrick Searby, you may go ahead. 
Frederick Searby - J.P. Morgan:  Thank you. Couple of questions. One in your margin target for next year, 8.5% to 9% can you tell us what you need in terms of organic growth to hit that?  And then secondly, question on severance, I dont know if you said this, the $20 million in severance in the quarter, how much of that was related to GM, did you see? Or was that mostly the Verizon and some of the other account moves that you've seen.  And I guess, finally just, are you seeing any you said that your clients are kind of not pulling back, given some of the problems around the housing market? Have the financial clients at all pulled in or are you seeing any kind of a slowdown there, or any of the verticals that seem to be more troubled? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Yes. Let me address that part of it. As I indicated, our clients have not been indicated. Financial services, I think roughly 6% of our business is in financial services and of that, MasterCard is a big piece of it and they're not directly related to the housing market per se, and you just saw the results that they posted. So, I dont think we're going to see a big impact on that. Although, I think what everyone is feeling that theres something out there, but we havent seen it. And I think thats whats happening in terms of all the caution flags that are being raised. But we havent seen it directly. And maybe it will hit us as we go through the end of the fourth quarter or into the first. But right now we just havent seen it. And the particular sectors that it would be obvious in, do not have a significant impact on us. But it may spill over to other sectors. But right now we don't see it.  The revenue targets for 2008 I think what we said is we have to be competitive, we have to continue to be competitive on revenue to achieve our targets. And on the severance and so on, Frank? 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  The impact of Verizon on Draftfcb for the quarter [ph] are in the severance line and the impact with respect to the General Motors and SOP [ph] for Lowe are in the restructuring line. 
Frederick Searby - J.P. Morgan:  And Michael, not to beat a dead horse, but what does competitive revenue mean? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Well, we had originally started out at roughly 5%, or a little bit better as competitive revenue and that's where we are heading. And I think you know the 4.8% through nine months is pretty close 
Frederick Searby - J.P. Morgan:  Okay, great, thank you. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Karl Choi, your line is open. 
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch:  Hi good morning, I have a couple of questions here. One, looks like a lot the leverage in the O&G line came from the other category. I know theres a lot of ins and outs, but I just wondered if theres anything thats driving that.  And second, Frank, I think if I heard your comments about incentive compensation correctly, looks like you are looking for a sequential drop in the fourth quarter, I just want to verify, if that's the case. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Hey Karl, on the O&G other, primarily currency, transactional currency impact and with respect to the incentives, your comment is accurate. 
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch:  Okay. And as far as the behind your margin target for next year, can you just gave us a sense how the U.S. will differ from internationally in terms of your margin that you are looking for, for next year. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  With respect to the U.S. our margins are very robust now for the most part. So we expect that they will continue to be robust. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  A good component of our U.S. operations are our independents and the margins at a number of our independents are very robust. So that helps. And our organic growth in the U.S. obviously is very sound. 
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch:  But do you expect the margin gaps to narrow between U.S. and internationally next year? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  We are expecting that international margins will improve. 
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch:  Our last question for Lowe, after you talked about some real estate actions that you will be taking for the company, does that really just, is it all tied to the GM loss or will Lowe look a little bit different after the restructuring? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Lowe, as we indicated throughout the last couple of periods, Lowe is in the process of focusing their operations on the eight hubs and so on. So all of this repositioning of Lowe is to position itself for the future growth. And certainly all of the actions we are taking are consistent with that. I think they shut 13 of their operations down and repositioned another 13. So this is all consisting with the long-term plan of Lowe to become profitable as well as be competitive in the marketplace. And they are doing a great job in stabilizing and repositioning their offerings. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  And Karl, for some of the other real estate moves, we'll be downsizing certain operations to take lesser space, so that that will have some cost impact positive in '08. There is a number of other moves that are in markets that are escalating and weve got lease maturities coming up that we're being proactive in and trying to replace the existing leased with things that are cost effective than the current market's yielding. 
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch:  Great. Thank you. 
Operator:  Troy Mastin, your line is open. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company:  Good morning. Thank you. Wanted to dig in a little bit on your statement about making remedial investment in the area of digital. I wonder if you can help us understand how much of these investments will hit the income statement next year versus the balance sheet. How long you do you think this extra spending will be required to play catch up maybe with best of breed competitors out there? And maybe if you can quantify this in some form, that would help. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  Well I think, weve indicated a CapEx run rate of about a $150 million. And I think we continue to say that that is a good run rate for us, and whatever we would do should fit within those numbers. The impact on our margin is due the salary and talent. And I think thats what we are talking about in terms of investment. And, yes, and the comment you made on remedial, I mean we are building on a very strong base. This isn't exactly remedial, I mean we have been very competitive in our offerings, and we continue to do so. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company:  Sorry, I think you referred to this as remedial, so just using your words. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  No, I didnt. Thank you. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company:  I think, I'll check the transcript. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  We both will. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company:  How long you need to make this incremental standing or is this a permanent cost? And maybe I shouldn't even consider it as incremental since it's not remedial. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, I wouldnt call it a permanent cost, but obviously we want to invest in where the money is and if digital, which it will be an increasing component of our business, we will continue to invest in it. The issue is converting those expenses to revenue, and thats the challenge in the value added that we have. Thats why these tools and the analytics that we are investing in are so critical for the future, because as I meet with clients and remember I used to be on the other side, we want to make sure that the work that we are doing is having an impact and its this investment in the tools and resources that will enable us to further refine our offerings, and show an impact. So thats part of our business right now. And right now it's costing us some money to do it, but it's money well spent for the long term viability of our businesses. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company:  And that investment in technology and tools would show up in that CapEx, I would assume. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  No. Only on the acquisition side, the rest will be running through our P&L, which is one of the reasons, there will be some pressure on our margins. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company:  Okay. And you mentioned something about a small number of scarce capabilities, that must be shared across agencies, and I think you were referring to digital here as well. I wonder if you could maybe give a little bit more color to that. If this is something you are doing now, how do you attack this challenge in trying to share our across all your children. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  The best example, well put. The best example of that is our recent acquisition of Reprise Media. When we had our operating reviews, all of our people, at the end of the review, when we ask them, what are you missing and what can we do and then originally we felt we can build our own search capabilities, they all said it would be great if we can have a world class search capability. So we went out and acquired Reprise Media. And now, where do you put Reprised Media as an asset of IPG. Obviously, if you put it into one of our global networks they certainly would be very busy. But this is an offering that we want to make sure is available to all our clients, and of course all our networks. So when we do a Reprise Media, we put it in as an IPG asset and they work across all our different networks. Thats where we talk about in terms of a scarce resource. And when we see that, we want to make it available to all our clients and all of our networks.  Some of our investments, whether it be our investment in Facebook or whether it be in some of the Emerging Media Lab type stuff, the Emerging Media Lab is available across networks. So we have to do both. And obviously each of our networks are looking at the issue of do they have their own capabilities, such as the World Group which historically is always had a very robust internal capabilities or do we have a shared responsibility in an IPG level. And thats always our dialogue with all of our networks. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company:  Okay, good. And then one final question. You mentioned some project I guess or maybe some projects that were pushed in the UK from Q3 to Q4, I believe this year. I wonder if you could give a little more detail on what type of work this was and help us with the magnitude. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  It was related to an automotive car show, and magnitude in dollars, we havent disclosed. But for that segment and that geography, it's relatively meaningful. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company:  Would growth there have been positive, had that not happened? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  I think it would be closer to flat. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company:  Right. Okay. Thank you. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Katrina Bowen [ph], your line is open. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Good morning, gentlemen. You gave a break down in the metrics supplement between revenue from marketing services and advertising and media. I am wondering, if you can also tell us a little bit about the margin differences between those two segments and what kind of growth we are seeing in each of those two segment margins? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  On the advertising components, the margins that we currently have are higher. And when you look at some of the marketing services components, you have got to go deeper into that. Our PR margins are very robust and some of our project related businesses there are a little bit thinner. And I think what we have seen in the past year is, on the marketing services side we are seeing improvements of those margins and those margins need to continue to improve for us to meet the targets we put there for 08. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay. And then also it looks like your revenue per employee has been kind of slowly increasing. What is the main driver behind that and where do you expect that to go by the end of 2008? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Well, obviously all of that is embedded into targets that we have out there and that we are giving you. I mean thats a good thing to see that improving. And the way you get there is by obviously organic revenue and even though we are adding people we are adding revenue and client facing people as opposed to non-client facing people. So we manage that very carefully, and thats a good metric. I think thats a great metric to look at in terms of our overall trajectory. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Is there anything different in the way that you are negotiating contracts with clients around the pricing so that you can be sure to get the type of margins you need to get per deal or per client, or is it very difficult? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Thats a great question, because one of the things we talk about all our professional fees and how high they have been the last few as we went through Sarbanes-Oxley and how we get that behind us, we have had tremendous additional visibility into all of our business as a result of the strength of our financial organization, both at the networks as well as the overall financial organization. That has enabled us to take a real deep dive into a lot of our contracts, existing contracts and new contracts, so that we get paid for the work that we are doing. Historically, that was an area that, because we didnt have the controls in place that were necessary, we felt we were leaving money on the table. So what we are seeing right now is greater visibility into the contract negotiations and profitability of our contracts, and that has enabled us to basically get paid for the work that we are doing. The scope creeps thats prevalent in our business is an area where there are real dollars out there and if you have the resources and the financial wherewithal to dive into that, we see that as a big opportunity. So we are seeing much better visibility in that both in new contracts as well as existing contracts. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  Another area of opportunities is just the whole digital pricing model's evolving. We are all rapidly adding digital talents and thats driving growth and the pricing model needs to be further refined from, respect to what is commodity in that space, what is value add and premium billing for that value add. And I think we are all kind of learning as we go along, but thats going to evolve over the next 12 months to 18 months. 
Unidentified analyst:  Great. And is there also a difference in perhaps the margin that you are able to achieve on the digital contracts, maybe there is still a disconnect between what you can charge a client and what you need to pay or to pay employees. Are we still kind of on the employee benefits, more kind of side of that? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Well, a lot of this work is consultive as opposed to the traditional advertising where you get a rate per FTE. So in that respect, there's an opportunity for greater margins. Ultimately as this becomes more embedded into what we do, then procurement people get involved and we get into an FTE model. But there is no question that the value add as a result of this is clients' need and are willing and able to pay for it. 
Unidentified analyst:  Great, thank you very much. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  You are welcome. 
Operator:  I show no questions. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  Well. At this point, I want to thank you all for your support. And we look forward to addressing our results for our fourth quarter in the next call. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Thank you. That concludes todays conference. Everyone may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-07 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Jerome J. Leshne - Sr. VP of IR   Michael I. Roth - Chairman and CEO   Frank Mergenthaler - EVP and CFO 
Analysts: Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers   John Janedis - Wachovia Securities   Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns & Company   Carl Choi - Merrill Lynch   Frank Searby - JP Morgan Chase & Company   Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities   Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company   David Leibowitz - Burnham Financial Group 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Interpublic Group Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded and if you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.  I would now like to introduce Mr. Jerry Leshne, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. And sir, you may begin. 
Jerome J. Leshne - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We have posted our earnings release and our slide presentation on our website www.interpublic.com and we'll refer to both in the course of this call.  This morning we're joined by Michael Roth and Frank Mergenthaler. We will begin with prepared remarks to be followed by Q&A and we plan to conclude before market open at 9:30 AM Eastern Time.  During this call, we will refer to forward-looking statements about our company which are subject to uncertainties in the cautionary statement included in our earnings release and the slide presentation and further detailed in our 10-K and other filings with the SEC.  At this point, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Michael Roth. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review the second quarter and first half of 2007.  I'd like to begin by touching on the highlights of our performance and providing a brief update on each of our major operating units. Frank will then take us through the specifics of our financial results. After his presentation, I'll return with some closing comments to provide a sense of where we stand in relation to the targets we have for the business, something I know you're all anxiously awaiting to hear.  As is generally the case on our calls, the first thing I'd like to address is revenue. For some time now, we've been talking about our focus on attracting and developing talent at many of our companies as well as strategically realigning a number of our capabilities so as to better succeed in the marketplace.  The organic revenue growth of 6.6% this quarter is a terrific indicator of how much of a difference the right people and the right service offerings can make. It's also a testament to the real potential of Interpublic as a competitive force in the marketplace. This was a subject that seemed open to debate a few years ago. As you can see, it should be no longer a topic that's on the table.  This quarter's growth was fueled by a very wide cross section of our agencies, across all the marketing disciplines, and it brings our year-to-date organic increase to 4.3%.  We are seeing revenue growth from existing clients such as Microsoft, US Army, Sony, and Merck. There's also positive impact from wins like Wal-Mart, BF Goodrich, Citigroup, Lionsgate, K-Mart, Bank of America. Through July we remain new business positive year-to-date.  You will also see that we posted a strong increase in profitability. Operating income was up from $77 million in last year's second quarter to $146 million this year. This demonstrates that we can improve our operating margin.  These results reflect our progress in addressing operating expenses, which we are accomplishing by upgrading financial talent, by improving our financial systems and disciplines, and by attacking transitional costs such as professional fees.  To be fair, these are areas in which there is still work to be done. We have always stated that trying to move our company to double-digit margin performance by 2008 was an aggressive target. Our overall results are the sum of talent upgrades we've been making at many units, strategic realignments at others, and multiple turnaround efforts at the operating unit level that are each at different stages of completion.  So I'd like to take a few minutes here to provide color commentary on the relative strength and progress at each of our key operating units.  As we've outlined previously, we've significantly increased our investment in talent and tools at both the World Group and CMG. This was necessary to bolster digital and other emerging capabilities. As a result of the changes we made, these units bring highly competitive global offerings to market in growth areas such as activation, CRM, public relations, sports marketing, and strategic branding.  We are seeing these investments pay off in increased business with existing and new clients. That is why both of these major businesses are making significant contributions to our improved results.  Our domestic independence, which specialize in the integrated offering that clients demand today, also continue to perform very well, of note, Hill Holiday and Deutsche. All of our companies are moving in a positive trajectory as we upgrade their talent and position them for future success. But we are not as far along on the spectrum of investments and commensurate returns with all of our portfolio.  The merger of Draft and FCB has clearly created an offering that can win in the marketplace. We are pleased with the integration efforts to date. This new agency model will require continued investment in training and talent as it reaches its full potential. It does bear mention that the recent consolidation of Verizon business within Interpublic resulted in significant assignments shifting away from Draft FCB in New York, which will slow progress at this important location.  At Lowe, we put in place a new management team last spring and have since invested in new talent in a number of key markets such as China. The resulting improvements in Lowe's product, which is creativity driven by high-value ideas, has led to outstanding results in competitions like at CAAN and at internal client award shows and recognition from multinational clients as evidenced in yesterday's win of the global BAX [ph] business in a highly competitive pitch.  Our focus at Lowe continues to be on refining the network's operating footprint, ensuring that the agency is equipped with the right set of tools and capabilities to meet the needs of the marketplace and improving overall financial performance. Our plans call for the agency to continue to improve and be profitable in 2008.  The talent pool and the overall media offering at both Universal McCann and Initiative Media have made great strides over the past six to 12 months. Operating performance at both units is beginning to reflect this.  Our new approach to media as an increasingly strategic discipline has played a part in recent wins, most recently the successful defense of key J&J assignments in Asia and North America where we also picked up business from a number of major competitors. However, media is one of the most rapidly evolving areas of our business and our agencies must keep changing and improving so as to build on the gains we have made during this past year.  You will also find that we are addressing a number of the new media needs through new models, such as the Sandbox Communications Planning Agency, which we created by combining the strength of RGA and Digital with Universal McCann's media thinking as well as momentum, all on behalf of Johnson & Johnson.  We must also continue to develop new media capabilities in vital areas like search as we did with our acquisition of Reprise Media and mobile marketing, where we recently announced the joint venture with Velti. And we must do what's necessary to embedded digital talent and expertise at every one of our companies.  Emerging economies will also have to be an area in which we focus. We just closed two transactions in India that increase our stake in the leading local agencies with which we have long standing associations. This will solidify our leadership position in this key market. We will continue to invest in other growth markets, notably China and Russia, to build on the progress that we have posted during the first half of 2007.  Now, to take us through the story in detail, I'd like to hand things over to Frank for a review of our results. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Michael. Good morning, everyone. I will refer to the presentation slides that are available on our Web site and accompany the webcast of this call. On Slide 2, we call out some key points related to the quarter. As Michael indicated, we were pleased with the improved revenue and profitability growth in Q2.  Revenue on a reported basis increased 7.8% and organic revenue growth is 6.6% compared to the second quarter a year ago. We also drove improved leverage on both of our principal operating expense lines. As a result, Q2 operating income was $146 million reflecting an increase of approximately 70% before restructuring. Our Q2 reported operating margin was 8.8% compared to 5% a year ago. Diluted EPS was $0.24 a share compared to $0.10 last year.  Slide 3 is our P&L for the second quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expense trends in some detail shortly. So here, I'd like to call out, we had a tax benefit of $11 million which includes the reversal of reserves following the completion of tax examinations in the quarter. The largest item was approximately $80 million for certain worthless security deductions. We called this item out in the first quarter 10-Q.  On Slide 4 we provide additional detail on revenue. Reported revenue in the quarter was $1.65 billion, an increase of 7.8%. Compared to 2006, exchange rates had a positive impact of 2.6% and net business dispositions were a negative 1.5%. The result was organic revenue growth of 6.6%, attributable to higher revenue for both existing clients and net client wins, which as you will recall, were quite strong on the back half of last year and the first quarter of this year.  The lower half of the slide shows segment performance. The organic revenue increase was 5.2% at IAN and 14.7% at CMG. At our Integrated Agency Network segment, domestic advertising and media performed very well. Internationally, revenue performance was mixed. CMG's strong results reflect double-digit organic revenue increases in public relations, event and sports marketing.  Slide 5 provides a regional breakdown. In the US, revenue increased 10.7% organically, an outstanding result due to strong performance pretty much across the board. We had solid growth at the World Group, Draft FCB, at both of our major media brands, and in several of our integrated independent agencies including Hill Holiday, Campbell-Ewald, and Deutsche. We had double-digit growth in our PR and sports marketing agencies and particularly strong growth in our events businesses.  In the UK, revenue increased 0.7% organically in the quarter. Consolidated growth was offset by a weakness in our events business which had several assignments a year ago that did not repeat. In continental Europe, revenue declined 3.9% organically. This was principally due to lower spending from existing clients at our media and advertising businesses in a number of key Western European markets such as France, Germany, and Italy.  In Latin America, revenue increased 1.3% on an organic basis. Draft FCB had increases in every major Latin market. In Asia-Pac, revenue increased 13.6% organically with double-digit increases in China, India, and Australia with all disciplines contributing to growth.  On Slide 6 we move into a closer look at operating expenses. Salaries and related expenses were $1.01 billion in the quarter compared with $945 million a year ago and 61.1% to revenues in the quarter compared to 61.7 a year ago. As you will see in the appendix to our presentation, leverage on base salaries and benefits improved to 51% from 52.3%.  We continue to make the necessary investments to drive revenue growth in strategically critical areas, notably digital, marketing services, and media. These investments have been partially offset by headcount reductions in slower growth areas.  Total incentive compensation expense in the quarter increased approximately $8 million from a year ago, mainly due to higher expense for our annual incentive program result in improve performance. The increased cost of our expanded performance-based equity comp programs was largely offset in the quarter due to true-up relating to planned forfeitures. Headcount was approximately 42,200 compared with 42,400 a year ago.  Office and general expenses at the bottom of the slide were $503 million in the second quarter compared with $505 million a year ago. Leverage improved by 250 basis points to 30.4% to revenue from 32.9% a year ago. O&G expenses decreased 0.7 organically as fees for outside professional services, chiefly accounting and financial controls, declined $16 million from Q2 '06. As you will see in our presentation appendix on Page 25, occupancy expense declined to 7.9% of revenue from 8.7% a year ago.  On slide, we show cash flow for the quarter. Cash flow from operations was $44 million in Q2 compared with $17 million a year ago. On the highlighted line, you see that working capital used was $133 million of cash due to normal seasonality.  D&A in Q2 was a total of $62 million, depreciation was $41 million, amortization of restricted stock and other non-cash compensation was $13 million, and amortization and interest expense was $8 million.  In the investing activity section, we used $66 million for acquisitions. As Michael discussed earlier, we have made several investments in high growth, strategically critical areas this year.  In Q2, we closed the acquisitions of Reprise Media and Lintas India. Reprise is a best-in-class asset in the critical area of search engine marketing optimization. The Reprise team has already begun to work with some of our largest clients.  The Lintas acquisition takes us from 49% to 100% ownership with a top-notch diversified agency that has been a long time partner for us. It closed in late June, so it had almost no impact on our Q2 P&L, but we will consolidate the results going forward.  Our step up from 51% to 100% of FCB Ulka, another of India's leading agencies, was a Q3 transaction. The strength of Ulka's offering and management team have led Draft FCB to announce that the Indian operations will serve as headquarters for the network's Asia Pacific and Africa regions, a first in our industry. As you can see, the financing session was fairly quiet in Q2, particularly compared to the effects of the ELF transaction a year ago.  On Slide 8 we present the current portion of our balance sheet as of June 30th '07 and '06 as well as at yearend 2006. We ended Q2 with $1.48 billion of cash and short-term marketable securities. Those are the areas highlighted in yellow.  Under current liabilities, as we called out on our Q1 conference call, short-term debt includes our $400 million 4.5% convertible notes. As we've discussed previously, this reflects the option of the noteholders that put the debt back to us in March of 2008. Debt maturity schedule's presented on Slide 9. Total debt at quarter end was $2.3 billion. This schedule essentially unchanged from our first quarter conference call.  On Slide 10 a summary of key developments. Stronger topline growth in Q2 reflects the improving competitiveness of our businesses, which is the product of strategic decisions we have been taking related to our offering and targeted investment in talent and tools. While we're making progress in generating greater leverage from our staff costs, further improvement is needed.  In the area of financial controls, our new systems and processes are helping us to address margin leakage. It is also a result of upgrading our financial talent which has been enabling us to reduce our reliance on outside advisors.  We are actively identifying best commercial and financial practice throughout the organization and putting them to work across Interpublic. We are also divesting underperforming operations and moving aggressively when developments require cost actions.  In that light, there are three items that took place late in the quarter that I would like to address in my remarks because they will have a significant localized impact at certain of our companies. As Michael said earlier, we recently experienced client reversals at McCann on J&J and Buick, at Lowe on GMC, and in the move of Verizon's business away from Draft FCB in New York.  Each of these agencies has a contribution to make to the turnaround so their progress in replacing the lost business is important. We are also actively engaged with them on the related cost reduction plans.  Draft FCB has already moved to mitigate the effect of Verizon by reassigning staffers to open positions within the agency to work on recently won accounts, shifting 35 people to work on Verizon business at MRM and letting approximately 50 people go from a work force of 1,500.  Lowe has informed its GMC team that it will be winding down the business and it is assessing the impact on New York operations. McCann has also managed their cost base against the reductions in revenue.  Now to provide some context to the numbers that I have shared with you and wrap up the call, I'd like to hand it back to Michael. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Frank. As you can see, our second quarter saw Interpublic perform at the highest level in many years. These results are encouraging and should serve to validate our belief that we have the Company on the right track and that the actions we've taken to improve our people and our product are impacting our ability to compete and win.  For some time now, we've been clear in communicating with you a number of other fundamental elements of our turnaround. Above all, we have said that our results and our progress would not be linear from quarter-to-quarter.  Our performance for the first three months of this year, though unplanned, led some to draw unduly negative conclusions about our prospects. Similarly, we would caution you against using the second quarter's very strong results to extrapolate performance for the balance of the year.  You have heard all of our peers comment on the speed of which the digital component of the business is evolving and the rapidly accelerating need to embed these skill sets into every one of our agencies. This requires increased levels of investment in professional development and technology. We all knew these changes were coming, but the pace in which they're taking place has accelerated.  In order to remain competitive in this regard, we may be called upon to make decisions that ensure our long-term growth but affect our ability to achieve the full measure of our aggressive margin targets within the timetable we have set. At this point, we do not see the need to adjust these goals or the turnaround time frame.  We continue to drive the organization towards achieving the 2008 targets. However, in spite of our strong performance this quarter, the client shifts and losses we've discussed today, coupled with the dynamic change in our industry, represent additional challenges that we must overcome.  As we've said repeatedly on past calls, our approaches at turnaround has been based on a willingness to take direct action to address both issues and opportunities. Aggressively attacking weak financial controls carried a very high short-term cost, but has ensured our long-term viability.  Realigning Draft and FCB as well as our media agencies was potentially disruptive, but has significantly upgraded the competitiveness of these offerings. The complex ELF transaction was initially poorly understood and frowned upon by some in the financial community, yet it has proven to be very farsighted since it amply provided for our backup liquidity needs well ahead of the current crash in the credit markets.  We've indicated in the past that our goal is competitive margin performance. We will continue to be direct in taking those actions that we believe will enable us to achieve the 2008 goals and that are also consistent with the long-term interest of value creation. As always, we will be totally transparent, keeping you updated on our decisions, our prospects, and our progress against the turnaround goals.  This quarter confirms that our future is brighter than it has been in some time. There is, of course, still work to be done. We remain committed to doing what's required to build on recent topline momentum, further address costs and better serve clients, all of which will lead to enhanced shareholder value.  With that, I'd like to open up the floor to your questions. Thank you.  Question and Answer 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  The first question is from Mr. Craig Huber. Your line is open. 
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Yes. Good morning. Can you do us a favor and just sort of break down this 6.6% organic revenue growth? It was very strong overall but I'm curious, do you break it down between new clients versus growth at existing clients? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The bulk of that we won't give you the specifics, but the bulk of it is from growth in our existing clients. 
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then second question. Can you give us a sense how Lowe did in the quarter and also how your media buying operations did from a revenue perspective? 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: With respect to, Craig, it's Frank. With respect to the media buying operations, we saw growth in the quarter year-on-year, which is the first time I think we can actually articulate that since we've put the turnaround plans.  With respect to Lowe, they continue to rationalize their global footprint, they continue to put out terrific creative work, the feedback we've been getting from clients is very positive. The BAX win, I think, is indicative that the transformation is Lowe is underway.  The GMC loss is challenging and they're going to need to address the cost ramifications of the GMC loss in particularly New York, but the leadership there is firmly committed that the work product seems to be very strong and they're very focused. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our plans for Lowe continues to be improved profitability and as I indicated in my remarks, to turn profitable in 2008. 
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Bit in terms of revenues in the quarter, can you give us a sense how Lowe did? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think the notion of Lowe is that what we've said is our goal was to stabilize Lowe and I think it's fair to say, clearly, Lowe has been stabilized. Our goal now is to grow it and improve profitability. 
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: And then my final thing on Lowe, should investors expect over the next maybe six, nine months a significant change in the operations at Lowe? Are you pretty content with directions going right now? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We're always looking to refine our footprint. Clearly, the loss of GMC to New York has an impact and we're addressing what needs to be done with respect to that. Certainly all of the people affiliated with the GMC have been notified and we're addressing it.  We continue to look at better ways to be efficient with the global footprint of Lowe but we continue to believe that the growth opportunity is there. I recently met with some of their clients as well as been in Europe and met with them and I think the creative offering that Lowe brings to the table on a global basis is terrific.  And it's based on that talent and that product that we think will bring Lowe to profitability. The quarterly revenue, as I said, have been stabilized and flat. 
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from John Janedis. Your line is open. 
John Janedis - Wachovia Securities: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Michael, give us some of the recent macro concerns. Are you sensing that some of your advertisers are getting more cautious as you move towards the back end of the year?  And then Frank, just briefly, can you give us an SEC update? Do you think we'll see resolution by yearend? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, we've had our operating review meetings and the sense is that our clients are not pulling back for the rest of the year. And I think you've seen that, frankly, from some of our competitors, as well.  So I think the tone is solid. Everyone is cautious. Everyone's looking to spend the dollars in the right place. So I think the dialogue that we've been having with our clients is more of where to spend your dollars in terms of the fragmented media and the type of offerings that are out there.  But we certainly don't see a major pullback in the spend. And frankly, I think you see the spend in the up front was surprisingly positive. And I think that is also indicative of the fact that our clients are willing to spend the dollars.  The SEC update. As you all know, we received a Wells Notice. We have formally responded to the Wells Notice and we continue to have dialogues with the FCC. It was good to at least see some action in terms of the SEC in bringing it forward and we want to resolve this as quickly as possible, and we were responding to whatever issues the SEC has raised. 
John Janedis - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Thanks. One quick last one, guys. Were there any one-time revenue generating events in the quarter? 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Nothing material, John, to call out. 
John Janedis - Wachovia Securities: Great. Thanks a lot. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from Ms. Alexia Quadrani. Your line is open. 
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns & Company: Hi. Thank you. A couple questions. First, Frank, I believe you just recently went through some mid-year review with some of your major divisions. Are there any major takeaways from that meeting?  And secondly, I think, Mike, you commented that the new business year-to-date was positive. Could you comment on what it was like in the quarter? Then I have one follow-up. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: On the media side, let me address that. The takeaway, frankly, from our perspective is that our media offering has really made a substantial improvement.  Frankly, if you would have looked at our media offerings 18 months ago, they, frankly, weren't competitive. And I think what you saw in particular in the J&J review that we were able to win against some very stiff competition.  So I'm very pleased with the media offering that we brought to the table and, in fact, our clients have responded the remarkable improvement that we've seen both in initiative as well as Universal McCann. So I think the fact that we're seeing positive results from media and the fact that from a competitive point of view our media offerings are able to compete with the competition out there is a very solid performance and I'm very pleased with what we've been able to do.  You know, we added a lot of talent to media. Nick, Brian, and Richard Bevins, and Alec have all done a tremendous job in terms of adding very strong people and offerings to their competitive sets. So that's been very positively received by our clients.  I'm sorry, your second question, Alexia, was what? 
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns & Company: Well, also first on the first question about the mid-year review for the other agency outside media, as well, if you can comment on that. And then the second question was you'd mentioned new business wins were a positive year-to-date. I was wondering if you had any color about the second quarter. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we have a solid pipeline. We obviously can't win them all and, frankly, in some of the pitches that are out there, we have one or two agencies competing. So we're hopeful that certainly we'll prevail.  Media reviews, I'm not sure what you're referring to -- 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Mid-year reviews. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Oh mid-year reviews. Do you want to comment? 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Alexia, the mid-year reviews, I think, we're, everybody for the most part is on track with their '07 operating plans. I think the only thing I would call out is the late events of Q2 and how those respective agencies are going to deal with certain client losses because there are going to have to be actions taken.  Other than that, I thought that for the first six months, people came in on plan and were relatively positive on where they are for the year. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The tone was solid and, obviously, we just have to keep our head down and it's nice to see that we're competitive in all fronts. 
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns & Company: And this last question. It looks like you had a nice tax benefit again in the quarter. Should we assume that going forward you're not going to be a taxpayer? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not be a taxpayer? The tax benefit that we had was a one-time event and it was as non-cash benefit. So I think you have to assume that as we turn profitable, we will be paying taxes.  Of course, we'd still have an NOL carry forward of a sizable in excess of $1 billion in foreign countries, and there, our opportunity is to turn profitable and utilize those NOLs from a cash point of view in those countries. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You know, Alexia, it's jurisdiction specific depending on where income's generated do we have tax coverage. Needless to say we're trying to do everything we can to minimize cash taxes. 
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns & Company: We should assume the effective tax rate will remain, obviously, at a pretty low level? It looks like you've been tracking that way for a couple quarters. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think the effective tax rate should somewhere be in the mid 50s for now. 
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns & Company: Okay. Thanks. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome. 
Operator: The next question from Mr. Carl Choi. Your line is open. 
Carl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. Can you hear me? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Carl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Just wondering if you can be a little more specific about the impact of some of the recent account losses, whether it's from revenue standpoint and also from a severance standpoint? That's my first question. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The revenue impact on the account losses we'll start seeing some of it in the fourth quarter. The full effect, obviously, will be in next year. I think what we've said, we've estimated or we've seen written accounts for in the range of $45 million to $50 million of revenue all-in for the client losses. 
Carl Choi - Merrill Lynch: And do you, severance probably will pick up. Do you have any sense about how that may turn up? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Throughout the rest of the year, we're going to be looking very carefully. As we indicated, each, both Draft FCB is already taking some actions with respect to the movement there. Lowe is looking in New York particularly with the impact of GMC as well as McCann. So I think we'll have a better sense of any actions with respect to any of these losses to be taken place in the third quarter. 
Carl Choi - Merrill Lynch: But absent these account losses and, Mike, I understood your point about not sort of extrapolating the results from the second quarter into the second half, but is there any reason why the revenue growth performance can continue once you adjust for some of these recent account losses? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Certainly, we believe, and as I indicated, our goal is to be competitive on the revenue side for 2008 and to achieve our margin targets. And where we've got our head down, and there's nothing to indicate if we can overcome some of these losses that we can't be there. 
Carl Choi - Merrill Lynch: And last question.  Could you quantify, maybe a question for Frank, the impact from some of the acquisitions that you have made in the first half of the year, what the revenue contribution would be? 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The acquisitions we made, Carl, Reprise, which was a Q2 event, de minimus in the quarter because of the timing of the acquisition and the size of the asset, and the same thing with Lintas since we closed very late in the quarter. 
Carl Choi - Merrill Lynch: I guess I was thinking about more the second half. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We don't disclose the individual revenue for those agencies. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I might add that our total offering in India now, I think the numbers indicate that we're like the number two offering in all of India. So it's very, very powerful, very aggressive, and very good work being done in there. 
Carl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. 
Operator: Mr. Frank Searby, your line is open. 
Frank Searby - JP Morgan Chase & Company: Yes, thanks. So a couple questions. Good quarter, by the way. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
Frank Searby - JP Morgan Chase & Company: One is if you look at the consolidation, you're talking about the rising consolidation and the severance, you're saying that the account losses but the severance should hit in the third quarter? Did some of that actually hit in the second quarter? That would be one question.  Second one is free cash flow looks pretty good in the quarter if you strip out the working capital, assume that's neutral for the year. What are your thoughts on this year free cash flow?  And just one other follow-up question that CapEx was pretty high in the quarter. Just kind of surprising, not to be expected. And then, finally, are we gaining momentum in Europe? You had a little bit of a pick up on a revenue side in Europe and I guess the Latin America, but still just wondering the under performance there, how you see things progressing throughout the year. Should that be a steady sort of progression? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's a mouthful. We'll split them up. 
Frank Searby - JP Morgan Chase & Company: My other 20 questions were already asked. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We're gaining momentum there and we think that we should show improvement in Europe. Obviously we've repositioned some of our talent there and the World Group is showing some positive results there. Cash flow, we do hopefully we'll show positive cash flow. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: From an operating perspective, we'll be cash flow positive for the year. And with respect to your severance question, the majority of the severance from the client losses should hit in Q3, potentially Q4 because you've got a runoff period of time servicing these clients as they transition out.  And on CapEx, while we're a little bit ahead of last year, we still believe the CapEx number will be somewhere between 150 and 160 for the year. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we had a bunching up, if you will, of some of the capital expenditures so we should level off. 
Frank Searby - JP Morgan Chase & Company: Just to understand things, the Verizon consolidation they consolidated business at McCann, basically, right? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's correct. That's why I refer to Interpublic. A good portion of it all ended up at McCann, which was good from an IPG perspective, but it became a little disruptive, obviously, to Draft FCB in New York. 
Frank Searby - JP Morgan Chase & Company: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot, guys. 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
Operator: Mr. Paul Ginocchio, your line is open. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Paul. 
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities: Good morning. Could you comment on your second quarter salary growth of 5.5%? Is that something pretty significant acceleration from the first quarter? Is that something we should expect in the back half? 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Actually, Paul, the SRS is relatively flat Q1 '07 and Q2 '07 with significant incremental revenue. So when you look at the progression, I think that's probably a more meaningful comparative. So that's what we've been trying to focus on getting more leverage from our existing staff. 
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities: Great. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think one of the points about our salary levels is, obviously, we've seen an improvement in revenue. And when we started on this, if we had taken wholesale staff reductions to bring the numbers down on a very accelerated basis, I think it would have impacted our revenue opportunities and, certainly, we've added a lot of people in specialty areas in particular digital and public relations and so on.  So I think what we've done is rather than take wholesale reductions in salary to improve margins, I think it's proven that the investments we've made in upgrading our talent throughout our organization is positive to the revenue side. So we're feeling positive about that. 
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities: Great. And then just second question on that same basis, sequentially it looks like office and general was up $10 million sequentially and if you take out the decline in professional fees it's up even more. Are we to the bottom of where office and general can go or is there still more cost to come out? 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: One of the main reasons it's up is just client pass through so it's profit neutral but I think that we're never bottomed out, we're always looking for more money, Paul, but I think we'll continue to be aggressive with utilization of professional services by bringing more stuff in-house.  I think we showed some traction on the occupancy side, which we're pleased there and we'll continue to focus on that. So it was relatively flat Q1 to Q2. We continue to focus on that number and we still believe there's some opportunity. 
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities: Great. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our operating reviews are focusing on the two key areas, which are revenue growth and cost opportunities. And the cost opportunities are not just in the salary side, we're looking at cost reductions across the board. 
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities: Great. Thanks very much. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. 
Operator: Troy Mastin, your line is open. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Thank you. Good morning. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: First on the second quarter new business, were they positive? I just want to clarify. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I said for the year we're net positive. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Any commentary on Q2? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Q2, I don't know whether we break it out on the Q. I don't know the answer to that, but on a cumulative basis, we're still positive. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Okay. And then in terms of the trend in wins and maybe the pipeline that you see as potential wins, how has that looked recently on a maybe month-to-month basis and is there anything we should read from any sort of a trend line? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I think the pipeline is solid. We have a number of announced pitches and some that aren't announced that we're continuing working. So I think the pipeline is there and hopefully we'll get our fair share.  If you think about the bunching up of the losses we had in the second quarter, it may have been negative, but the point is that year-to-date we're positive. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Okay. And then you made reference to potentially having to step up your investment in technology and professional development. I wonder if you could give a little bit more color on the nature of what these investments might look like. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, clearly, and everyone's chasing the same people out there and your next question, of course, are you paying up? And I think the answer is that people with unique expertise, in particular in the digital side, are commanding a premium.  Recently you saw RGA added a very talented individual to their offering to round out the offering in RGA. We have a couple of other unique hires that are coming on-stream.  So I think we're constantly looking to beef up our talent and, obviously, we're also looking to bring all of our talent base to be competitive in the marketplace. So we're constantly looking to add to that. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: So you were making reference predominantly to talent rather than more maybe technology? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, absolutely. I think our CapEx number that Frank referred to that we said is going to level out for the year includes any investments that we're talking about. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: So looking out into maybe '08 and beyond, we shouldn't expect to see a big ramp in CapEx? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. And again, what we said about acquisitions is that they will be strategic and tactical. You saw that in India, you saw that with Reprise. The type of acquisitions that we're looking at are very strategic to where we're looking for. We're not looking we don't see a big acquisition out there. But it's nice to be talking about acquisitions again at all. A couple of years ago, we were not. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Did you highlight this because you see it as maybe the biggest risk to achieving the '08 targets that the need to reposition more digitally and the -- 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The reason I highlighted it was because my comment before. When you're looking at our salary levels, rather than just taking reductions in salary, by hiring talent it ultimately converts to revenue.  We want to make sure we maintain a balance of reducing headcount, reducing costs on the salary side, but also investing in revenue opportunities and these type of individuals enhance our competitive position in the marketplace. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Okay. And you asked us not to draw too much from the strong organic growth in the second quarter, so is maybe a good way to look at your performance on a going forward basis maybe considering the first half of the year where you had, I think, 4.3% organic? Is that a better -- 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It'll average out throughout the year. I think the point is that we're very pleased with the results for this quarter. I think it shows that we're very competitive in the marketplace.  We are focused on our margins, we are focused on revenue growth, and we are marching towards the goals that we've stated. And I think we're on plan to accomplish what we want to do for 2007. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: The final question is from David Leibowitz. Your line is open. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Financial Group: Yes, a few unrelated issues. First, the $400 million worth of the convertible preferreds, how many have actually put back at you? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: None. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Financial Group: And what are the terms that would make them want to put it back? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, there's a strike price of $12 and change. $12.42. Obviously, there's a break point somewhere less than that where it's better to hold than put back. I think the numbers in the range of $10 and change and so if our stock price is in that range, I think it's unlikely that it'll put it to us.  But obviously, given where we are from a financial point of view that the date, by the way is March of 2008. But given where we are from a financial point of view, if they were to be put to us, we have alternatives to take care of that. So financially, we're well positioned to deal with it either way. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Financial Group: Very good. Second question, you had some very significant wins in the latter part of last year. Are they going to be contributing to the bottomline or pre-tax line as it were in the second half of this year or is that really going to be an '08 contribution? 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I think, in fact, you're seeing some of the ads. What Martin Agency has started has started to run some of the Wal-Mart ads that you've seen on TV in the new positioning. So we're starting to see pick ups from the new business that we acquired, in particular Wal-Mart, as well as some of the other new business gains. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Financial Group: And the last thing. Do you have to mark your excess real estate to market and if so, what impact does that have? 
Frank Mergenthaler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: David, we don't. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, and we don't we lease. It's all, okay. All right, so. We're not a REIT. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Financial Group: Well in this day and age you have to ask-- 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The question. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Financial Group: Thank you very much. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
Operator: And that was the final question, gentlemen. 
Michael I. Roth - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I thank you all for participating, obviously, we'll be available to answer some additional questions and we look forward to talking with you at the end of next quarter. Thank you. 
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may disconnect at this time.
